
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 22, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Thoughts on Tax Revisions

BYLINE: JUDY MANN

SECTION: Metro; B3

LENGTH: 767 words


You've got to give the media credit in its coverage of the tax revision effort.
Every editor in the business knows what the key element of this story is, and
every one of them is running "What Tax Reform Means to You" stories. I've read
enough of them to know that I should have been a millionaire.

They're getting the big break. Poor people are getting something of a break, but
I've no desire to be poor just to get a tax break. Millionaire is where it's at.
Middle-income people might be getting their tax rate reduced from, say, 33
percent to a top of 28 percent, at the same time that they lose deductions for
Individual Retirement Accounts, interest on consumer loans, union dues and sales
taxes. Millionaires will lose these, too, as well as deductions for limited
partnerships, known in the tax trade as tax shelters. But they will also have
their tax rate cut from 50 percent to 28 percent, which is my kind of tax
reform.

Say you pay taxes on $200,000 a year. This is after you've sheltered every penny
you can finagle without doing time. Under the old tax code, you'd be paying
almost 50 percent to help keep your government solvent. Under the tax reform
proposal that came out of the House-Senate conference committee, however, you'd
be able to shelter a lot less, but you'd also be paying a top rate of 28
percent. Your tax bill could be a mere $56,000 -- under the latest revision of
the progressive income tax.

Being a millionaire definitely has its advantages. You could probably parlay
those tax savings into a brand new Jaguar and a full-length mink. Had that money
gone to the government it could have supported four families on welfare or
supplied a year's worth of batteries for some Pentagon toy.

Millionaires, like the rest of us, however, will be paying more state income
taxes as a direct result of tax revisions, unless taxpayers lean on their state
legislators with a great deal of enthusiasm.

Forty-three states and the District of Columbia piggyback their tax systems on
the Internal Revenue Code. If personal, itemized deductions are eliminated in
the federal code they are effectively eliminated in the state codes, but if the
state tax rates remain the same, individual taxes will go up.

If a person loses the $2,000 IRA deduction, a $1,000 deduction for interest on
loans, and another $1,500 in miscellaneous deductions, that's $4,500 more that
will be taxed by the state. Taxpayers in Virginia, who are taxed at a maximum of
5.75 percent, would pay an additional $259 in state taxes. Taxpayers in the
District, who pay a top rate of 11 percent, would pay almost twice as much more,
and taxpayers in states such as New York, where the rate is 14 percent, would be
forming taxpayer alliances. A tax adviser with more than 300 clients in the
Washington area figures that for many people any savings in federal taxes will
be offset by increases in state taxes.

According to a story in The Washington Post, Maryland officials estimated that
the tax bill passed by the House would bring a $127 million windfall to the
state, while the bill passed by the Senate would produce a $224 million bonanza,
most coming from the increase in personal income taxes. And the story quoted H.
Louis Stettler III, secretary of budget and fiscal planning, as saying that this
is going to be an issue in the next General Assembly, as it is going to be in
Virginia and ought to be in every other state.

"Obviously," said Stettler, "the citizen taxpayers may prefer to have both: not
only a federal reduction but a state one as well." That, however, is not quite
accurate. Citizen taxpayers weren't hoping for a state tax cut, but they
certainly were not figuring on a state tax increase as a hidden cost of federal
tax changes. And that is what could happen: a back-door, sleight-of-hand, sneaky
kind of state tax increase that the general public had no idea was in store
until the news media discovered it in mid-June.

It's a tax increase that's happening without debate, without a rigorous analysis
of whether it's needed or where the money is going to go.

My household budget problems would be infinitely easier to manage if I were a
millionaire (especially with tax reform), so I have a lot of empathy for state
legislators who would like to solve their state's money problems with a big
windfall. But if they are going to raise taxes, let them vote to do it. What
they are doing now is a guerrilla raid on taxpayers' wallets conducted under the
cover of tax changes. As things stand, for those of us who aren't millionaires,
the best we can hope for is to break even.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 24, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BRONCOS' NEXT OPPONENT | Philadelphia, 2:15 p.m. Sunday at Invesco Field at Mile
High Philly finagles win from S.D. with block on field-goal try Eagles hold
Tomlinson to 7 yards rushing, keep him from TD record EAGLES 20, CHARGERS 17

BYLINE: Anthony Cotton Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-02

LENGTH: 573 words


Philadelphia - Early on in Sunday's stunningly bad game between the Philadelphia
Eagles and San Diego Chargers, one thing became clear. Despite all the
penalties, botched plays and poor decisions that permeated both sidelines, one
of the teams - deservedly or not - still would be able to walk away with a win.

For most of the day, it was hard to imagine San Diego could possibly leave with
a smile on its face. The initial inkling of what was at hand for the visitors
came on LaDainian Tomlinson's first carry - a loss of 3 yards. The next came the
next time the all-pro rusher touched the ball - a loss of 6. Tomlinson didn't
have a carry for positive yardage until the second quarter.

In a similar vein, the Chargers finished the first half with a scant 107 yards
and zero points. Still, all that was needed to clinch a win late in the fourth
quarter was a 40-yard field goal from San Diego's Nate Kaeding, who had been
perfect in his 11 previous attempts this season.

Of course, the kick was blocked. Not only blocked, but when the rebound caromed
off the turf at Lincoln Financial Field, it was served on a silver platter to
Matt Ware, who returned the ball 65 yards for the deciding touchdown in a 20-17
Philadelphia win.

"It's not always going to be pretty, but it was a good win," Eagles coach Andy
Reid said. "I'm not saying I want games like this every week, but I'll take the
effort that we had."

Much of that energy was spent trying to shackle Tomlinson. The fifth-year back
entered the game third in the NFL in rushing and had scored a touchdown in 18
straight games, tying a league record. He left with just 7 yards to show for his
17 carries, and never came close to the end zone.

"It's not really much of a disappointment. I had a great run, and everything
must come to an end," Tomlinson said of his inability to break Lenny Moore's
record. "They just played great defense. Off the top of my head, I don't know
the last time anybody stopped me like that, but I will say it's been a while
since I've felt like this."

There was plenty of agony to go around - right up to the end of the game. Even
after Ware's return, 2:25 remained, and it took San Diego (3-4) only two plays
to move into Eagles territory. When Drew Brees threw an 18-yard pass to Reche
Caldwell inside the Philly 40, it looked like the Chargers still might win out,
or at least force overtime. However, Sheldon Brown pried the football from
Caldwell's hands, and Darwin Walker recovered for the Eagles (4-2) with 1:34
left.

"I should have went down, but I was trying to help my team make a play,"
Caldwell said. "I let a lot of people down."

The finish was a perfect ending for a contest that for the most part was as
numbing as any injection concocted by your local dentist. The teams combined for
19 penalties, not including those that weren't counted because of offsetting
infractions.

The flag-throwing became so rote that the officials began seeing penalties where
there weren't any. At least three times, the refs littered the field, only to
decide to pocket their hankies.

All in all, everyone involved - the Eagles, the Chargers, the zebras - might
have done well to follow the example of San Diego coach Marty Schottenheimer,
who walked away invoking what he called "the midnight rule."

"When midnight comes, you have to put it aside and move on," he said. "Midnight
is not too far off."

Anthony Cotton can be reached at 303-820-1292 or acotton@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     February 8, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

EDITORIAL;
ROADSIDE UGLIFICATION;
Billboards vs. nature: In Senate Bill 337, the trees are getting the short end
of the stick.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 06G

LENGTH: 849 words


You can't perfume a hog, quipped the late Lewis Grizzard, longtime columnist for
this newspaper. But some state legislators are ignoring his advice. They've been
dousing a certain pig with bottles of Chanel, trying to make a poorly disguised
bailout of the billboard industry smell as fresh and appealing as a spring day
in Georgia.

But Senate Bill 337 remains a stinker.

For years, the state Department of Transportation granted billboard companies
permits to chop down publicly owned trees along publicly owned rights of way. As
industry saw it, if those ugly trees had the audacity to grow in front of
beautiful billboards, they had to be removed.

In 1996, however, public interest lawyers for the Garden Clubs of Georgia won a
David v. Goliath legal battle against outdoor advertisers and the DOT. The
Georgia Supreme Court declared the DOT policy unconstitutional, ruling that the
policy violated a provision of the state Constitution that bars the state from
giving away public property ---in this case, trees.

The billboard lobby and the DOT, both of which are politically powerful, have
been trying to finagle a way around the ruling ever since. State lawmakers
haven't exactly proved themselves trustworthy on the issue, either.

Two legislators who own billboard leases abstained from voting on the
tree-cutting issue two years ago only after garden club members publicized their
conflict of interest. And last week, Journal-Constitution reporter Charles
Seabrook revealed that 81 trees had been cut, allegedly illegally, in front of
three billboards owned by an advertising company that belongs to state Rep. Jeff
Lewis (R-White). In a DOT report, the trees were valued at $ 50,000.

Lewis said he knew nothing about the felled trees, which the DOT investigated
after local garden club members reported the piles of dead trees and fresh
stumps. Steve Parks, deputy DOT commissioner, wouldn't confirm that the
billboards belong to Lewis, although Lewis has admitted they do. Parks said the
department's procedure is to talk first with the businesses that have
advertisements on the billboards, rather than billboard proprietors.

Destruction of state property is a criminal offense, but the DOT seldom
prosecutes or fines violators. Last year, DOT officials received 23 reports of
illegal cuttings and estimated the loss of public property at $ 173,633. They
are still "settling" 16 cases, but they've levied only $ 20,000 in fines.

Last spring, state Sen. Steve Thompson (D-Powder Springs) called together an
advisory committee of environmental representatives, DOT staff members and
outdoor advertisers to try to work out a compromise. An earlier bill by Thompson
had died because it was viewed as too favorable to the billboard industry.

The Garden Clubs of Georgia, which had previously held out for a policy that
banned tree-cutting, reluctantly agreed to participate in Thompson's effort,
hoping to work out a bill that allowed limited trimming in exchange for a policy
to strengthen highway beautification. Its original goals were simple and
straightforward:

Creation of a Roadside Beautification Council to review permit applications, and
assurance that the council would not be dominated by pro-industry
representatives.

An increase in permit fees from $ 25 to $ 350, which would be more comparable to
fees charged by other states, and the creation of a landscape enhancement fund
financed by tougher fines uniformly enforced.

An independent professional arborist on site at every permitted trimming or
cutting, and tougher penalties for illegal trimmings.

Removal of 2,000 billboards that no longer conform to local zoning. Under law,
those billboards can only be removed if their owners are compensated. Federal
money is available for that purpose, but the DOT has never attempted to use it.
SB 337, Thompson's supposed compromise, passed the Senate on Friday. As now
written, it makes only the slightest movement toward realizing the above goals.
The Outdoor Advertising Council would be renamed the Roadside Beautification
Council and would add environmental representation, but the industry would still
dominate the votes. The bill would establish a roadside beautification fund, but
it wouldn't increase fines, and it would increase permit fees only slightly. It
would leave the billboard-friendly DOT in charge of evaluating the worth of
trees and making the final decisions on what beautification to fund.

Four states ---Alaska, Hawaii, Maine and Vermont ---have banned billboards, and
none has suffered a loss of tourism. There is no movement to ban billboards in
Georgia, but there's little question where the voters stand on the issue. In a
public opinion poll commissioned by the Garden Clubs of Georgia, 83 percent of
Georgians wanted to see more trees and fewer billboards.

Thompson can dress his bill as pretty as a 4-H pig, spiffed up and ready for the
county fair. But it's still a pig, and the House ought to kill it.

As Grizzard might have noted, you don't turn pigs into law.
You turn them into barbecue.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Unobstructed view: A billboard in Cartersville can be clearly seen from

 I-75, now that several trees along the roadside have been cut down. /
 CELINE BUFKIN / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             October 9, 2006 Monday

Now you can read her like a book;
Meg Tilly, the actress, has disappeared, but Meg Tilly, the author, is releasing
her second novel, writes ALEXANDRA GILL. She's also admitting that the sexually
abused characters she writes about are drawn from her own troubled childhood

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA GILL

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW; Pg. R1

LENGTH: 1445 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Meg Tilly can't help but laugh when people suggest that her new career as a
novelist is some sort of desperate attempt to finagle her way back into the
spotlight.

The former Hollywood actress - who is now releasing a second book called Gemma -
is still best known for her Oscar-nominated role in 1985 as the young nun in
Agnes of God. Yet, she looks back on her acting career with a shudder.

How bad was it? Well, it may have been a cakewalk compared to her childhood,
when she experienced repeated physical and sexual abuse at the hands of several
family members, including her stepfather. Still, says Tilly, who now, at 46, has
begun speaking publicly about the grim circumstances of her youth that inspire
her writing, "being a celebrity isn't all it's cracked up to be."

As a rising star with a troubled past to hide, Tilly found life in the limelight
often intolerable.

She recalls the time she was in the hospital, about to give birth to her
daughter, when an excited nurse barged into the room wanting to know what it was
like to work with William Hurt (in The Big Chill).

Then there was the sleazy producer who suggested she come back to his apartment
to convince him she could imbue the role of school teacher with sufficient
sexual tension. ("I was nursing at the time," she recalls incredulously.) Or the
"gross" male co-star who refused to wear a sock over his "full-on boner" and
tried to slip it in during a sex scene.

And all the crazed fans, some of whom continue to stalk her more than a decade
after she packed in her public life and moved to rural British Columbia where
she continues to happily live the life of a self-described hermit with her
husband, Don, and 16-year-old son, Will, the youngest of three children.

"I wouldn't wish fame on my worst enemy," Tilly says with a sigh on the eve of
her North American book tour, which kicked off with a reading last week in
Toronto.

"Well, it might not be such a bad fate for Hazen," she adds, referring to the
child molester in her new novel. The repulsive character is named after her
mother's former boyfriend, one of many men who sexually molested Tilly as a
child.

"This book is a big middle finger hoisted in the air to all those guys," she
says with a triumphant grin and buoyancy of spirit that are as heart-warming to
witness as they are hard to fathom, considering the wretched experiences of her
youth.

Tilly was born in California, but spent most of her childhood growing up in an
impoverished farm house on Texada Island, off British Columbia's Sunshine Coast,
where the family sometimes shot squirrels for dinner. She was the third of four
children born to Patricia Tilly, a teacher, and Harry Chan, a car salesman. She
was 3 when her parents divorced and her mother began dating John Ward, a child
molester who eventually became her stepfather.

Ward left her mother when Tilly was 13, but was soon replaced by another abusive
boyfriend, Hazen. She says he was just as much a monster, one who often
threatened to kill everyone with a butcher's knife. All three men are now dead.

These men, and others that Tilly declines to name, were the inspiration for
Gemma, a stomach-churning tale about a young girl who is kidnapped by a sexual
predator.

Like Singing Songs, her first novel published in 1994, the story is
semi-autobiographical, although some characters and situations have been
changed.

"Gemma had it way worse than me," says Tilly, who is so full of energy and eager
to tell her story that she barely pauses to pick at the croque monsieur sandwich
on her plate.

"No one ever threw me in the trunk of a car," she continues. "And at least I had
my brothers and sisters. But the sexual abuse is similar to what I endured. Her
emotions are definitely mine."

Tilly wasn't always so anxious to talk about her past. Her first novel was
presented as being entirely fictitious, snatched from roles she had performed
and books she had read.

"I was scared to admit the truth - that this dirty, little scrappy kid could
have been me, Meg Tilly, the movie star," she writes in the new introduction to
Singing Songs, which was rereleased this week to coincide with the second book.

"Well, I'm older now, hopefully wiser, braver, still scared, but that's okay,"
the introduction continues. "With this new edition of Singing Songs, I feel that
it is important for me to claim my connection to these stories, for myself, and
others who have had a past like mine. Because if we continue to hide, to play
the pristine, perfect, everything's-a-picnic soundtrack, we do the world a
disservice."

Tilly decided she would eventually come clean with the truth about her childhood
soon after the first press tour for Singing Songs. The reviews had been widely
mixed. The New York Times, for instance, called it "a book of considerable
quality," while a critic for Entertainment Weekly magazine said he wanted to
pick up the book and "throw it across the room."

Tilly vividly recalls squirming in her chair while a television interviewer read
her snippets from some of the more damning reviews that accused her of writing
"kiddy porn" and mused about the type of "sick mind" that could make up such
excruciatingly graphic scenarios.

"I was sitting there, live on television, thinking to myself, 'But I didn't make
it up,' " she says, looking casual and relaxed in faded jeans and cowboy boots.

"And after that, I felt totally abandoned for a long time. There was only one
person in my family who strongly supported me.

"That's changed," she quickly adds. "I think we've all grown older and moved on.
Now, it's very different. My sisters aren't about to come on tour with me, but
they're supportive."

Becky, her younger sister, has recently corroborated her stories of abuse. "I
share the same memories," she told People magazine. "Our mother's boyfriend was
fiendish. My stepfather was a horrific individual."

Their older sister Jennifer, also an actress, hasn't said anything publicly, but
Tilly says she stands behind her. "Jenny said to me, 'I love you Mary Lou. Do
what you have to do,' " Tilly explains with a sanguine smile.

Tilly's mother, however, still refuses to talk to her about the books she has
written. "I love my mom enormously. I don't think she ever meant to mess up.
She's done many wonderful things and we wouldn't be nearly as creative as we are
if it weren't for her.

"I do help her out financially," she goes on, almost apologetically. "And I
write to her. But I needed to tell the truth about my life. She has her reality
and her truth, and it's just as valid. But I can't live in her reality any more.
It doesn't mean I don't love and respect her, I just can't do that any more."

Gemma, the new novel, is written from two points of view - the young girl and
her molester. Assuming the voice of a morally unrepentant pedophile, says Tilly,
was one of the hardest things she's ever done.

"Now I'm really glad I did it," she says, and adds she was encouraged to do so
by her writing-group instructor.

"I hope it will help other people understand how the mind of a pedophile works.
The average pedophile is going to abuse between 30 and 60 children before
they're caught by the police - and up to 380 children in their lifetime," she
says, plucking American statistics out of the air with the authority of someone
who has done a lot of research on the subject.

"And they're four times more likely to offend than any other violent criminal.
So obviously throwing them in jail isn't doing the trick. They need therapy,"
says Tilly, who has self-published this second book and will be donating half
the proceeds to organizations that serve children who are abused.

"A lot of people who feel the need to dominate and violate in that way are
trying to seize back power because of damage that was done to themselves as
children. I hope that maybe by hearing their story alongside Gemma's, they'll
remember the damage inside themselves and maybe they'll seek help," she says
optimistically.

But mostly, Tilly says, this story was written for women like Gemma and herself.

"It's for girls like me who were abused and think they have to stay where they
started. You don't. You don't have to end up in prison, you don't have to stay
on the street, you don't have to end up addicted to crystal meth. That's letting
them win. You can make your way out of it. You can. You can build a life, have
dreams and go after them. So what if you fail? At least you tried. And on your
way there, you might end up somewhere you never thought you'd be."

Meg Tilly's book tour continues Nov. 16 in Winnipeg, Nov. 20 in Saskatoon, Nov.
21 in Edmonton, and ends in Calgary on Nov. 22.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     March 31, 2005 Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Taking a long road to enlightenment;
 'Travellers and Magicians' plods as it makes a point about life

BYLINE: Jim Keogh; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE REVIEWER

SECTION: TIME OUT; Movie Review; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 524 words


It would be easy to become entranced with "Travellers and Magicians" since it's
the first movie filmed in the Himalayan village of Bhutan, which served as the
prototype for the 1937 classic "Lost Horizon."

That trivia thread alone gives the movie an unassailable measure of cool, though
not enough to overcome the sluggishness of its storytelling. This is a film as
meandering as a mountain path, consuming 108 minutes to pound home the theme,
"Be careful what you wish for." Or is it "The grass is always greener"? Same
difference.

Dondup (Tsewang Dandup) is a low-level government official assigned to Bhutan,
whose remoteness and simple ways leave him bored to distraction. He finagles a
weeklong pass ostensibly to attend a religious festival in a nearby town, but
actually plans to find passage to his "dreamland," the United States, where, he
reasons, he can earn twice as much money performing menial jobs like picking
apples.

Dandup misses his bus and finds himself hitchhiking alongside perhaps the
chattiest Buddhist monk who ever wore sandals. The monk senses the unrest in his
traveling companion and seizes on a learning moment, spinning the tale of
another young man named Tashi, who also set out for greener pastures and stepped
in every manure pile on the road to enlightenment.

"Travellers and Magicians" swings back and forth between the stories of Dondup
and Tashi, though neither is particularly compelling. Dondup has little to do
but listen bemusedly to the monk's unsubtle cautions about striking out for
unknown parts.

Tashi's tale is a variation on the farmer's daughter yarn. On a stormy night, he
stumbles lost through the forest until he comes upon the home of an elderly
hermit and his beautiful, much younger wife. He's invited in, stays awhile, and
when the long looks exchanged with his host's spouse lead to the inevitable,
Tashi is left pondering how he'll ever attain nirvana with this inconvenient old
man in his way.

Fate appears to be ordering Dondup and Tashi to ditch their unrealistic
expectations and grow up. Ultimately, though, the movie rests on the tired
notion that true happiness can only be attained by connecting with the right
woman, who will take you by the hand and lead you to where you need to go (the
wrong woman, of course, will get you places you don't want to visit).

The film has a gentle spirit about it that compensates somewhat for its
first-gear pace. This is a meditative piece that asks the viewer to look inside
oneself and question whether satisfaction truly exists over the horizon.That's a
noble goal, but if one attends "Travellers and Magicians" wanting simply to be
entertained rather than probed, then the process turns into a slog through the
forest.

"Travellers and Magicians" will be shown at 7:30 tonight and Saturday, and at 1
and 3:05 p.m. Sunday at Cinema 320, located in the Jefferson Academic Center at
Clark University.

'Travellers and Magicians'

Rating: A snoozer

Written and directed by Khyentse Norbu. A Zeitgeist Films release.Tsewang
Dandup, Sonam Lhamo, Lhakpa Dorji, Deki Yangzom and Sonam Kinga. Not rated; 1
hour and 48 minutes.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; "Travellers and Magicians" is being shown by Cinema 320 at Clark
University.

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            November 5, 2001, Monday

OSCAR WINNER ; PRODUCERS' UNDERSTUDY REPLACES LANE JUST FINE

BYLINE: Clive Barnes

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 049

LENGTH: 706 words


THE PRODUCERS

St. James Theatre, 246 W. 44th Street. (212) 239-6200.

SO, you have finally managed to finesse, finagle, fiddle, beg, borrow or steal
tickets to "The Producers." Mazel tov!

Holding the precious ducats close to your breast, you approach the St. James
Theatre in a delirium of joyous anticipation, and hear an operative outside
declaim something about Nathan Lane.

Now you see a small notice reading: "At this performance the role of Max
Bialystock usually performed by Nathan Lane will be performed by Brad Oscar."

Brad who? Brad Pitt, you think hopefully . . . but then you realize it's Brad
Never-Heard-Of. Even as your heart spins, you have to decide what to do. There
are three possibilities.

a) March boldly up to box office and demand your money back - you'll get it
minus any premium you may have paid to unofficial, nonmanagement scalpers.

b) Commit suicide.

c) Go meekly into the theater and see Brad Whoever - as well as the other
understudy replacing that same Brad Whosit in his original role as Nazi Franz
for which he received a Tony nomination.

Faced with this conundrum - as I cunningly engineered myself to be last Saturday
afternoon - let me promise you, up to but not including personally giving you
your money back if you are not satisfied - the wise course is (c). Go in!

With the admirable original Nathan understandably nursing the nodules or
incipient nodules on his vocal cords, and therefore missing unspecifiable
performances in the future, just as he has missed quite a few in the past, a
little consumer research seemed necessary, even if not encouraged by "The
Producers" producers.

How good is "The Producers" without the starry Nathan Lane, and how well does
the equally starry Matthew Broderick's Laurel survive with a different Hardy?

The answer to the first question is fantastic, and the answer to the second is
incredibly well.

This Mel Brooks/Susan Stroman superlative gallop down Broadway's memory lane was
always first and foremost an ensemble comedy. It depends a great deal on its two
star roles, but it is by no means a two-man show.

Brad Oscar as the lovably rascally Max Bialystock - the role first made famous
by the immortal Zero Mostel in Brooks' original movie - attempts neither an
imitation of Mostel nor Lane.

Both of those - Legend 1 and Legend 1A - personified the character of
Bialystock, that creative producer who first realized that if on a one-night
Broadway flop you spend less of the backers' money than you raised, the
difference is profit as black as driven slush.

Oscar, unlike his predecessors, is less of what the French call a monstre
sacree, and more a manipulative scoundrel, more credible but perhaps less
remarkable.

Yet he has undoubtedly made the role totally his own, sings most handsomely, and
where he scores handily over Lane is in substituting acting for mannerism.

His partnership with the shy, sweet and naughtily wicked Leo Bloom of the
ineffable Broderick (possibly a more difficult role to replace) has much the
same air of strange friendship that characterized Broderick's neurotic sparring
with Lane.

The rest of the cast is all in the immaculate order it showed on the first night
- if anything, it is now better.

The only other change, of course, when Oscar replaces Lane, is that someone has
to replace Oscar as Franz Liebkind, the recidivist Nazi playwright who first
wrote that sure-fire flop, "Springtime for Hitler."

And the news here is also pretty good. Jim Borstelmann may not have all of
Oscar's satiric panache in the role, but he remains damned good.

So fear not if you find yourself going to "The Producers" with Nathan Lane's
understudy calling the shots.

Of course, once the show's management starts its courageous battle to stamp out
scalpers, by charging $480 for certain seats at every show, you might wonder
whether Brad Oscar and Matthew Broderick were worth that kind of money.

Or, indeed, whether Nathan Lane and the self-same Broderick were worth that kind
of money. I mean, for 480 bucks you can go to the Bahamas and get properly
burned.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brad Oscar, who understudies for Nathan Lane, as Nazi playwright Franz
Liebkind in "The Producers." Paul Kolnik

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      October 2, 1992, Friday, 1* EDITION

Hockey in general will miss Gretzky more than Los Angeles

BYLINE: ARCHIE MCDONALD; VANSUN

SECTION: SPORTS; ARCHIE MCDONALD; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 689 words


With apologies to Joe Dimaggio, how long is it going to be before we are
singing, "Where have you gone Wayne Gretzky, our nation turns its lonely eyes to
you"?

The hockey world is spinning off its axis and suddenly I am thinking that the
1980s may be looked upon as an age of innocence.

Gretzky, a hard-used 31, has a herniated disc and is gone indefinitely. Face it,
his playing days are dwindling down to a precious few. Mario Lemieux may further
damage his lower lombar region by lifting his proposed new contract, reported to
be in the $ 6 million a year range. And Eric Lindros has arrived.

Hockey in general will miss Gretzky far more than the Los Angeles Kings in
particular. It is not so much that he was the greatest player the game has ever
seen, but also its most perfect ambassador.

Hockey placed him on a greasy pedestal and he never slipped off. We gave him the
most daunting nickname in team sports - the Great One - and he accepted it
without compromise on the ice and off it. Only Babe Ruth in baseball elevated
the standards of excellence in a sport as much as Gretkzy did.

Now comes the Next One, Lindros.

A friend of mine, who stood in line for Canucks' tickets the other day, tells me
about a scalper who was ecstatic because he had managed to finagle 42 tickets to
the Philadelphia game in February. A year ago Philly was no big deal. But that
was before Lindros signed his contract, which will pay him $ 3.5 million in his
rookie season.

In Gretzky's first NHL season 13 years ago he earned $ 150,000. Thirteen years
before that Bobby Orr signed to play in Boston for $ 10,000. Now Lindros is
getting $ 40,000 for a single game.

Orr and Gretzky arrived heralded but unspoiled, which does not apply to Lindros
who already has had two books written about him. With the help of his parents he
has always gotten his own way. No, he wouldn't play junior in Sault Ste. Marie.
No, he would not toil for the Quebec Nordiques.

The Flyers acquired him for six players, two No. 1 picks and $ 15 million in
cash. Trouble is the Flyers don't have much of a team with which to surround
their 19-year-old man child.

Whereas Orr and Gretzky and Lemieux brought finesse to the game, Lindros'
arsenal includes size - 6'4", 240 - toughness, and a mean streak. Whereas
Gretzky had Dave Semenko to protect him, Lindros will be expected to do his own
thing. Judging by the way he battered Tampa Bay's Joe Reekie the other night he
is very capable of doing that.

But he's not always going to get his own way as he has become accustomed. He may
fare better with his rivals on the ice than he does with the forces off it.

Recently he told a reporter in Philadelphia: "I'm not here to show off to anyone
. . . I won't be in the media that much. Maybe it's better if the other players
get to stick their heads out of the hole once in a while . . . I'm going to make
it my way and I'm not always going to please people. That's unfortunate but the
guy who has to live the life is me."

He yearns for a cabin on a quiet lake in Ontario. "I want 1,000 feet of
waterfront and a big sign that says, 'Bleep Off!"'.

But the media doesn't much want to talk to anyone else. He's getting paid four
times more than the next highest Flyer so he answers four times the questions,
has 10 times the pressure. That's more or less how the equation works.

In his authorized biography, "Eric Lindros/ Fire On Ice" he defines his feelings
this way:

"Sometimes I feel like a bird on a wire with two strings around my neck - or
three strings, or four strings, or a million strings. And people are pulling me
everywhere. There are so many power struggles. People want you to do this,
people want you to do that. But they don't understand that I'm not a bird on a
wire. I'm there for life. And it doesn't matter how hard they pull, because I'm
the strongest bird and I'm not budging. I can learn and understand and take note
of what they're saying and pick out the good stuff and sort through it. I can
lean very far - but they can't pull me off."

It will be interesting to see how this power struggle turns out.



LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 17, 2016 Sunday

Reading Eagle, Pa. Jim Kerr column

BYLINE: Jim Kerr, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


July 17--Reading's iconic Pagoda, trimmed in red lights and backlit by a moon so
large, so round and so brilliant that the image stops you cold, demands your
attention.

Like something out of a romance novel or a "King Kong" movie, the photo is just
too amazing to be real.

Oh, but it is.

Taken by Reading Eagle photographer Natalie Kolb on the night of the strawberry
moon in June, the photo is as real as real can be. The principles our
photojournalists work by, abide by ... and in truth, live by, would not permit
anything else.

"Photojournalists work under a tight set of ethical standards," says Ben Hasty,
assistant photo editor. "Through our photos we have an obligation to show the
world in a truthful way."

In no other time in history, perhaps, has that journalistic integrity had to
continually be reinforced and restated. Let's face it, in today's digital world,
just about anyone with a cellphone and a computer can finagle images in such a
way that they appear real but are indeed bogus.

Natalie's Pagoda shot appeared on the front of the Berks & Beyond section on
June 22 and also was posted on readingeagle.com and Facebook. Some people,
particularly on social media, viewed the image as a "Photoshopped" hoax, a
composite of two separate pictures made to appear as one. In other words, a
fake.

We get it. As editors, we are constantly astounded by the artistry of our photo
staff. They are professionals who do amazing work. But I'm here to tell you in
no uncertain terms that the image Natalie took was no more fake than the Pagoda
itself.

True, you could not take that photo with your cellphone. Shooting from a
distance of more than a mile, Natalie captured the image using a 400 mm lens and
a 1.7 teleconverter. In other words, the camera was zoomed in. As Ben explains,
a lens like that has a property that makes things look closer, but also closer
together. Photographers call it compression.

"That's why the moon looks so big compared to the Pagoda," Ben points out. "It's
not a result of tampering with the image in the computer."

We're not saying that you will never see a Photoshopped image in the Reading
Eagle.

But when you see one, you will know it because the manipulation will be so
obvious that it can't possibly be real. It's meant to be that way. The technique
is sometimes used to create artwork to illustrate an article or subject.

For example, an image of teenagers positioned inside liquor bottles for a Voices
issue about drunken driving certainly wasn't real. Neither was the cover of
another Voices issue about environmental issues. It showed a young man carrying
the Earth, indicating the "weight of the world" is on his generation to save the
planet.

In all such cases, we label the image as a "photo illustration."

Rest assured, whenever you see a photo presented as news, regardless of whether
it's on the front page, in Berks & Beyond or in Life, Money or Sports, you can
be certain that image is true, it's honest, it's real.

"Just as reporters and editors demand honest reporting, news photographers
refrain from any photo manipulation either during an event or in post-production
and take the process as seriously as avoiding plagiarism," Photo Editor Bill
Uhrich explains. "It's an ethical consideration that comes with the territory of
journalism."

In other words, with our photographers, what you see is what they shot.

Jim Kerr -- Assignment editor

Jim Kerr is the assignment editor for the Reading Eagle.

Phone: 610-371-5019

Email: jkerr@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2016 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160717-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-Jim-Kerr-column-0717-20160717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2016 Reading Eagle


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

A 'secret' Lee Grant won't spill?

BYLINE: Jen Chaney

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E15

LENGTH: 944 words

I Said Yes to Everything

By Lee Grant

Blue Rider. 463 pp. $28.95

Lee Grant is a woman who has really lived . Just don't ask her to say exactly
how long.

Throughout her career, the Academy Award-winning actress and filmmaker has often
engaged in a smoke-and-mirror routine regarding her age, something she admits to
on numerous occasions in "I Said Yes to Everything," her magnificently titled,
admirably candid autobiography. She notes that a facelift in her early 30s saved
her career. Later, after returning to film and television following more than a
decade on the Hollywood blacklist, she persuaded the mayor of Los Angeles to
finagle a more youthful birth date on her driver's license.

"The fear that my age would be disclosed became the neurotic focus of my life,"
she writes. "Today, with the Internet, I'd be finished." That neurosis has
stayed with her. When she turned 65, Grant remembers that her financial manager
called her daughter, actress Dinah Manoff, and said, "Your mother is sixty-five.
Who is going to tell her?"  Even now, when the Internet provides confirmation
that Grant is well into her 80s, the "Shampoo" star writes, "I'm not telling you
the number, you can always look it up."

Grant might be in denial about her senior status, but she's not in denial about
her denial, and that's part of the appeal of "I Said Yes to Everything." The
elegant theater and screen actress bares all of her insecurities and regrets in
the book's nearly 500 pages, which cover enough struggles and career twists for
multiple lives.

In a way, Grant's life actually did get broken into at least two pieces: the one
that existed before she was ostracized during the madness of 1950s-era
McCarthyism and the one that unfolded after. The native New Yorker, born Lyova
Rosenthal, emerged first on Broadway, debuting in 1949 as a shoplifter in the
play "Detective Story." That led to a role in the film adaptation, which earned
Grant the first of four Academy Award nominations. (She won once, for her
supporting role in "Shampoo.") But then everything ground to a halt in the early
'50s, when her name made the list of artistic "subversives" in the
anti-communist publication Red Scare, in part because of some fiery words spoken
at the memorial service for the actor Joe Bromberg, one of the many targets of
the House Un-American Activities Committee. "From that day forward, for twelve
years, I was blacklisted from film and TV," she writes.

Although she ran with a lefty crowd - including her first husband, writer Arnie
Manoff, who also was blacklisted - Grant says she "wasn't sure whether I was a
member of the Communist Party or not." She eventually learned that, officially,
she wasn't. But that didn't allow her to bypass an appearance before that House
committee - whose members she calls "incredibly, laughably ignorant about
everything show business" - or to avoid getting fired from a CBS soap opera once
her "red" leanings were exposed.

It's impressive that Grant, who continued to work in the theater during the
blacklist crisis, not only survived the witch hunt but also turned her career
into such a thriving one after it was all over. The TV shows and films for which
she's best known - "Peyton Place," "In the Heat of the Night," "Shampoo,"
"Voyage of the Damned," "Airport '77" - all came to her after her years of
Hollywood alienation. It's just as remarkable that she so deftly turned her
attention in the 1970s and '80s to directing, making feature films, TV movies
and documentaries that explored such subjects as the lives of the transgender
and, in "Down and Out in America," poverty during the Reaganomics years. (That
film won an Academy Award for best documentary.) As a filmmaker, Grant worked in
a world that was - and continues to be - dominated by men, a stark reality that
comes into clear focus when she remembers how a male producer screamed at her on
the set of one of her early directorial efforts: " 'That's not the way to shoot
it!' he barked. . . . 'You don't know how to direct it!' "

She was among the women breaking ground then, but she writes about it with real
humility.

Grant's prose possesses a stream-of-consciousness quality, reading at times as
if her memories were transcribed by someone else. It's quite possible they were;
in the acknowledgments, the author thanks Roberta Morris Purdee, a documentary
producer who has frequently worked with Grant, for "her ability to translate and
arrange my handwritten ink-stained pages." The net effect of that approach is
that "I Said Yes to Everything" often reads as if spoken out loud, complete with
language that occasionally repeats itself - Grant compares more than one
person's behavior to the Red Queen's in Lewis Carroll's "Through the
Looking-Glass" - and fragments that often take the place of fully formed
sentences. (At one point, she says of Kirk Douglas, with whom she starred in
"Detective Story": "Gorgeous. Intense. Amazing. 1951.")

But there's also an intimacy and directness in how she shares - including
numerous dishy, behind-the-glam anecdotes about people including Bruce Willis,
Elizabeth Taylor, Shelley Winters and the man who manages to wind up in
practically every celebrity memoir, Warren Beatty. After acting together in
"Shampoo," Grant writes, she and Beatty said goodbye "in the most delicious
way."

Grant has lived a long, full life. While she may prefer to be coy about
precisely how long it's lasted so far, "I Said Yes to Everything" serves as
evidence that it's been long enough to give her a meaty, multifaceted and
compelling story to tell.

bookworld@washpost.com

Chaney is a pop culture writer who contributes frequently to The Washington
Post.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                         March 4, 2002 - March 10, 2002

MARY/MARY

BYLINE: DENNIS HARVEY

SECTION: FILM REVIEWS**web

LENGTH: 444 words


A Solid Films presentation. Produced by Eric Naughton, Joseph H. Biancaniello.
Executive producer, Anthony J. Biancaniello. Co-producer, John Thompson.

Directed, written, edited by Joseph H. Biancaniello. Camera (color), Rob Lyall;
music, Josh Chambers; art director, Eileen Daly; costume designer, Nini Hadjis;
sound, Carl Moller; assistant director, Mark Kokkoros. Reviewed at San Francisco
IndieFest, Feb. 3, 2002. Running time: 93 MIN.

With: Jon Bernthal, Amy Drown, Sean Carrigan, Sue McMahon, Melissa Pamperin, Ken
Arnold, Joe Gaines.

Male obsessing over the "purity" of women might be relevant in certain
cultural/religious contexts, or within the bilious gender-wars exaggeration of a
Neal LaBute or David Mamet script. But it is off-putting as a focus in Amerindie
"Mary/Mary," whose general air of innocuous twentysomething romantic comedy
doesn't justify the lead character's growing misogyny. Slickly handled first
feature for writer-helmer Joseph H. Biancaniello ends up both unpleasant and
uninsightful, a combo that will make commercial placement tough to finagle.

College student Manny (Jon Bernthal) doesn't know what he wants, and that's
causing others grief. First he sleeps with sexually freethinking best female pal
Mary (Amy Drown), pulling the old morning-after fast exit and subsequent
communicative shutdown. Then he finds another, seemingly less "soiled" Mary
(Melissa Pamperin), but drives her crazy with his suspicions and disease
phobias.

Meanwhile Manny also "infects" his close buddy Brian (Sean Carrigan) with the
doubt, ruining latter's hitherto happy live-in relationship with bewildered g.f.
Kara (Sue McMahon).

Protag's Iago-like poisoning of others' minds could have led in any number of
intriguing directions, but script doesn't give it tangible roots in Manny's
backstory nor does it give Manny a truly villainous stature. Hence, Manny comes
off as a mere jerk in sensitive-nice-guy disguise, one who's increasingly
dislikable without being especially interesting.

Perfs are OK but not enough to get past pic's skin-deep psychologizing, which
raises issues it doesn't fully investigate.  Even last-reel turn to more serious
conflict brings just a couple flashes of insight. Manny's internal "demons" are
visualized as a couple of 1950s-garbed wiseguys (Ken Arnold, Joe Gaines) who
materialize on occasion to whisper dubious "Dump that slut" wisdoms in his ear;
this fantasy aspect, too, never gets past first base.

Lacking any real sense of place or a larger social context, feature is
nonetheless decently mounted, with polished (if uninspired) tech aspects
superior to the less-than-satisfying content.

LOAD-DATE: March 04, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 2002 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Concord Transcript (California)

                     March 29, 2001 Thursday FINAL EDITION

RED DEVILS FALTER AGAINST LAS LOMAS, FALL IN STRAIGHT GAMES

BYLINE: Darcy Couch, Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 919 words


The Mt. Diablo boys' volleyball team has had several consecutive peaks and
valleys in the early goings of its season so far. The Red Devils posted two
important wins in the first couple weeks of Diablo Foothill Athletic League
play. But then a frustrating Deer Valley tournament seemed to take away some of
the momentum the Devils had been building.

To add to the topsy-turvy season, Mt. Diablo has to share two of its volleyball
players with the track and field team, leaving coach Starry Suttich to toy
around with her lineup from match to match.

"It does make a big difference because one of the kids in track is one of our
better passers and he's a good blocker. So we lose one cog. A smart team's going
to take advantage of it," Suttich said. "They're learning by fire and learning
by experience, and I just think they're on a little slide right now but they'll
come back. As a whole, they have a good state of mind."

The blazing comeback Mt. Diablo made against Northgate the week before was just
not in the cards against the experienced Las Lomas Knights last Wednesday.
Wednesday matches are the ones where Suttich has to finagle her lineup, and
though the Devils' scrappy defense remained a mainstay in the match, Las Lomas
powered to a 15-5, 15-8, 15-0 win.

The Devils kept some long rallies going with the Knights, refusing to let Las
Lomas' net play overcome them. Coming into the match, the Devils had been
preparing their defensive net coverage. While Las Lomas didn't put up a lot of
blocks to give the Devils a lot of chances to display their hard work, Mt.
Diablo's hustle on the court did not go unnoticed by either team.

"Mt. Diablo is really scrappy," Las Lomas coach Jeff Merken said after the
match. "They were going after everything."

"We worked on coverage," Suttich said. "They didn't block us a lot, but on the
ones where they did block us the high point was we probably got a couple rallies
where there were about five or six times where the ball didn't go straight down.

"We do play good defense, but the problem is, the rest of our game is not there.

"When we played Northgate we had a well-rounded game. Our hitters were hitting,
we were blocking, and our defense was a plus. Right now that's all we have going
for us to keep us in play."

The Las Lomas match was not exactly a high point for the Mt. Diablo offensive
attacks, Suttich pointed out. The first game saw the Devils fire consistent
serves into the court, but the Devils were plagued by hitting errors throughout
the match. They kept swinging, though, to keep the pressure on the Knights
regardless of the score. Phong Vu and David Flores kept firing balls over the
net for the Knights to handle, and Vu ended up with a team-high five kills.
Flores was right behind him with four kills, and Jimmy Souza and Joseph Flores
each tacked on three apiece. David Flores also picked up a pair of stuffs at the
net and rocketed in an ace for the Devils.

Because the Devils don't have the towering size to put kills away with brute
force, Mt. Diablo's most potent attacks come from tips. The Devils expressed
good court vision in the match, tipping balls into holes in the Las Lomas
defense. The heads-up dinks kept Las Lomas honest and kept the Knights from
putting away the first two games early.

"We do tip fairly well," Suttich said. "Most of our tips go down. And that's
what I stress because I know we're not a big-gun team. But the thing is, on the
other plays, we're killing ourselves more that they're killing us. We've just
been struggling and hopefully they'll recoup. And I think they will; I think
they want to play well, they're just struggling right now.

I really think we have some decent athletes."

In the opening game Mt. Diablo's play was highlighted by consistently good
serving. But Las Lomas was able to pick up sideouts on the rallies and pick up
strings of points to slowly pull ahead of the Devils. The Knights streaked to an
11-3 lead before the Devils put together consecutive sideouts to hold the score
there for a time. Flores sailed in his ace to make it 13-4, and then he and
Victor Goodwin went up to pick up a big roof on a Las Lomas hitter and pick up
another point for the Devils. Nam Nguyen caught the Knights flat-footed with his
kill that initiated a string of sideouts, but the Knights held their ground and
scraped up the final few points they needed to finish the first at 15-5.

Mt. Diablo held on to a one-point lead through several sideouts before Las Lomas
again reorganized to put together a run. The Devils were able to pick up a point
here and there in between Las Lomas spurts to make the score 13-5. With the
Knights in place to bring up game point, Joseph Flores found a hole on the other
side of the net for a sideout and the Devils strung together a streak of their
own. At 13-8, Las Lomas finally organized to get the ball back and close out the
game at 15-8.

The two-game deficit seemed to take the wind out of the Devils' sails, while at
the same time giving the Knights the confidence it needed to close out the
match. The struggling Devils couldn't muster a point in the final game, though
their persnickety defense made for some long rallies to make the Knights earn
their points.

The loss dropped Mt. Diablo to 2-3 in DFAL play, while Las Lomas improved to 4-1
with the win to sit with Campolindo just below undefeated College Park.

Darcy Couch can be reached for comment by phone at 925-682-6440 or via e-mail at
dcouch2@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           November 27, 2007 Tuesday
                                 4STAR Edition

Les Bowen | FURTHER REVIEW: The bottom line -

BYLINE: by Les Bowen

SECTION: SPORTS; DN Columnists; Pg. MAIN254

LENGTH: 1040 words


THIS HAS NOT been a good year for Andy Reid, on so many levels.

He wouldn't say so yesterday, but the big guy really needed that shocking
near-upset of the unbeaten New England Patriots, to remind fans, reporters and
even players of who he is and what he has done. (The same can be said of Jim
Johnson, whose defense didn't shut down the Pats, but it sure put some licks on
them, even on the untouchable Tom Brady.)

Yes, Donovan McNabb's stature has suffered as the Eagles have slipped into 5-6
mediocrity, but Reid and his coaching staff have suffered right along with
McNabb. A story in Sunday's Boston Globe detailing how the Pats and the Birds
have gone in opposite directions since Super Bowl XXXIX sniffed at Reid's
"predictable offense."

On Sunday night, it was almost as if Reid had read that story and was saying to
Bill Belichick, "OK, genius, predict this."

It also was almost as if Reid was back where he felt comfortable, as a
prohibitive underdog with much less talent than the other guy, trying to trick
and feint and finagle his way to a win. Remember, one of the criticisms of Reid
when the Birds were really dominant was that he never wanted to play that way,
that he loved his gadget plays and his finesse offense.

So, we got a flea-flicker and a flanker-option pass that turned into a Jason
Avant run and a beautifully executed onside kick, and a feeling - missing all
too often this season - that the Birds were out to grab the opponent by the
throat, on both sides of the ball, instead of being content to tread water.

This sense of urgency, complete with blockers picking up blitzes and drives not
doomed by penalties, is what the Eagles most need to carry over into this week's
visit from Seattle, and the rest of the season, regardless of who plays
quarterback.

"I thought the coordinators did a nice job with the gameplan, and the assistant
coaches, they all had an input," Reid said, when asked yesterday if he thought
the game said anything about the coaching staff.

And about himself, specifically? "I watched them do that," Reid joked. "They
deserve the credit on it."

In some quarters, of course, Reid is being disparaged for trying to score a
touchdown with 3:52 left, that end-zone pass to Kevin Curtis on second and 4
from the Pats' 29 that Asante Samuel intercepted. Obviously, a field goal would
have tied the game. The dink-and-dunk stuff was working, the Eagles could have
bled more time off the clock, they didn't have to take the lead back right then.

But if you ask me, the problem was with the throw, not with the decision. You're
in a three-point game with the most dominant team of the era, you think you see
a chance to score a touchdown, you take it. Is it really likely you're going to
be able to say, "No, no, let's not score on the Patriots on this play, let's
wait five more plays, and just score the touchdown then"?

"When you're aggressive - that's the way we approach the game and we've always
approached the game, we'll continue to approach the game," Reid said. "There's
always going to be questions ... when you have close games and when it comes
down to something like that. My saying to that is, I'll put my defense up
against them ... I've got confidence there. With the lead, we'll be OK."

Developing story lines-- What you saw Sunday night is what attracted Jim Johnson
to Chris Gocong's potential in the first place - his athleticism, the way you
can move him around, play him with his hand down, drop him into pass coverage,
make the offense wonder where the hell No. 57 is coming from this time. Why
hadn't we seen Gocong look this dynamic previously? Gocong, the 2006 third-round
pick who missed his rookie season with a neck injury, had a sack and a hurry
against Tom Brady. It was his first career sack.

"I think he was ready for it," Johnson said. "He's really matured the last 3
weeks. When we had drafted Chris, we had decided he might eventually be a
'joker' for us. He wasn't quite ready, because he was trying to learn the rest
of the defense. All of a sudden, he kind of picked that up. The kid can rush the
passer."

-- The Pats certainly completed some passes on J.R. Reed, who is still a
relatively inexperienced safety. But he really knocked the lichen out of Randy
Moss, didn't he? Odd how Moss kind of disappeared after that.

-- Take away Tom Brady's three runs for 16 yards and the Pats managed 32 yards
on 13 carries. No wonder they threw the ball 54 times, the most ever by an
Eagles opponent. If the Birds have shown anything this season, they have shown
they can stop the run.

-- Jim Johnson's defense really played hard. My quibble is not with the 24
points the defenders gave up, or the 380 passing yards, considering the
opposition. To win this game, though, I think they needed to come up with a
turnover, and they didn't. In fact, a couple of Tom Brady passes bounced off
their hands, in a game that began with the Patriots scoring a touchdown on an
Eagles interception. The Birds' turnover margin is now an alarming minus-7, tied
for 24th in the league.

Who knew?That less than 34 months after being roundly criticized for not trying
to score quickly enough, near the end of the game in a three-point loss to the
Patriots, Andy Reid would be roundly criticized for trying to score too quickly,
near the end of the game in a three-point loss to the Patriots?

Obscure statOn fourth down, the Eagles are 7 of 9 this season. Their opponents
are 0-for-7.

Extra pointWhen reporters were allowed into the visiting locker room at Gillette
Stadium on Sunday night, Eagles chairman Jeffrey Lurie was in the back corner,
talking to the Birds' defensive backs, obviously offering words of consolation.

Lurie, a native of the Boston area who tried to buy the Pats before he bought
the Eagles, would have really treasured the upset that his team was not quite
able to pull off. But the owner was upbeat.

"We're getting healthier. We're playing aggressively. There's a lot to build on
in this game," Lurie said, when asked what he'd told his players.

"We hate to lose to any team, especially these guys. There's no moral victories,
but there's a lot to build on. If we can play this well over the next 5 weeks,
every single week, take it week-by-week, we can [make

something of the season]."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 5, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TO BLUES, GAME STILL KIDS STUFF; CHASE, TEAM AID IN SESSION FOR DISABLED
YOUNGSTERS

BYLINE: Tom Wheatley Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 768 words


Anyone who thinks hockey is just a business should have spent Tuesday afternoon
at the Brentwood Ice Rink.

About 20 special players in the Gateway Hockey Program skated, as they have
weekly since February, with a dozen coaches and various Blues players.

The developmentally disabled players were ages 11 to 30. Many are amazingly
skilled skaters and stickhandlers.

The ringleaders are real-estate developer Tony Sansone Jr. of Frontenac, who
founded the program, and Blues winger Kelly Chase, who helped finagle the ice
time.

Chase's guest instructors this week were teammates Curtis Joseph, Kevin Miller
and Brendan Shanahan. All but Joseph wore their National Hockey League Players'
Association caps.

For two hours, the NHL owners' lockout was blissfully ignored. The only notice
came when Miller squeezed into new skates and sighed: "Guess I only have till
January to break 'em in."

The practice, as usual, was pure joy.

Chase, who drops in whenever he is in town, ran the show. The Blues' tough guy
is marshmallow soft around this crew.

"They couldn't even skate last year when we started," Chase said. "Now they fly
around there. And they own me. They're so lovable that it's unbelievable. And
they get so excited that it's unreal."

His biggest fan is Donald Ringling, 15, of Sacred Heart School. Nearly all the
other players wanted Brett Hull's No. 16 on their blue jerseys.

Donald demanded, and got, No. 39. Chase is "my favorite player," Donald said. "I
got his hockey number. He is my best friend."

Pause.

"And I love Kelly Chase and his fights."

Not to worry. That specialty is not part of the curriculum.

Chase may not be known for the finer points of the game, but his knowledge is
obvious. He gets each point across clearly while piping fun into each drill.

Only Chase would start with a skating lesson where the players slide on their
tummies, bounce up, skate again, slide on their backsides, bounce up and slide
on their tummies between a teammate's legs.

They learned balance and, safe in their full equipment, got to bang around
mildly to experience that part of the game.

Sansone called Chase "a natural. There's no baloney in him. These kids would see
right through that."

Chase became involved because a line-painting company he owns was hired to mark
some parking lots owned by Sansone.

"I wanted to do this for three years but couldn't get ice," Sansone said. "I
don't know why, and I don't really care. All I'm thankful for is that we got it,
and he's the one who got it for us."

Chase promised to run a hockey school last summer at Brentwood - "which I did" -
if the special players could rent ice at least once a week - "which they did."

Chase also applied some of his summer school profit to pay for the ice.

Like Chase, Sansone was not emotionally involved at the start.

Sansone stole the idea of hockey for special youths from a buddy in Toronto
named Pat Flick.

"I've got six kids and 23 nieces and nephews, all of them blessed with good
health," Sansone said. "But these kids in the program are blessed with something
special.

"Not one of them has a mean bone in their bodies. They exude love and
confidence. It's been said before, and I really believe it: They're God's little
people."

Shanahan, who towered over most of the players, said, "The kids are awesome.
They're all eager to learn, and they help each other a lot. They love to cheer
each other on.

"As far as coaching and teaching hockey, you find that most of them really have
ideal attitudes. One thing that surprised me a whole lot was when you tell them
to give something a try, they'll do it."

Most other Blues players have stopped by. Basil McRae, who had a bit part in the
Disney epic "The Mighty Ducks," was a spectacular hit.

According to Chase, McRae told the Gateway players: "I'm Basil McRae of the
Mighty Ducks. And you better work hard, or I'll tell Coach Bombay."

Chase laughed and said, "All the kids went, 'Ooooh! Coach Bombay!' They all knew
the movie."

Not all of them know the Blues.

"Some do, some don't," Sansone said. "But they love hockey. They live it, they
really do."

The Blues players make practice special. The program's backbone is made up of
the 15 to 18 adult volunteers who give up a lunch hour to coach.

The payoff is in seeing players like little Daniel Haynes, 10, snap a puck into
a net.

He first teetered onto the ice nine months ago pushing a walker for balance.

"I like to shoot pucks," he said. "I like to shoot goals."

For information about Gateway Hockey, call Tony Sansone at 822-9009.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Color photo by Karen Elshout/Post-Dispatch - The Blues'
Brendan Shanahan signs the stick of Daniel Haynes as coach Stan Elrod pats
Haynes on the head after a workout for developmentally disabled players Tuesday
at Brentwood Ice Rink. (2) Photo by Karen Elshout/Post-Dispatch - Jim Hermann
(left) and Tony Sansone Jr. give Daniel Haynes, 11, encouragement at Tuesday's
session at Brentwood Ice Rink.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

Minnesota Wild salvage a point from a lost cause

BYLINE: By Ben Goessling bgoessling@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Wild Hockey

LENGTH: 581 words


MONTREAL - On the last day of January, the Wild dominated 50 minutes of a home
game against Nashville - one of the best teams in the NHL - and wound up without
a point after the Predators scored four times in the last 10 minutes.

On the first day of March, playing on the road against one of the worst teams in
the NHL, the Wild managed to recoup at least one of those points.

And from a confidence standpoint, the fact they did it after weathering possibly
their worst start of the season has to count for something.

By the time the game was 4-1/2 minutes old, the Wild had given up two power-play
goals to the Canadiens - who have the second-worst power play in the league.
They had spent two minutes in a five-on-three situation. And they had lost
goaltender Niklas Backstrom, who crumpled to the ice after dropping down into
the splits to save an Erik Cole wrist shot with 17:27 to go in the first period.
Backstrom didn't put any weight on his left leg as he skated toward the bench
and was replaced by Josh Harding.

In spite of all that - and another power-play goal after a call that had Wild
officials seething - the team managed to finagle a point from Montreal with the
kind of comeback the Predators used against them in January. Minnesota lost 5-4
in a shootout, but that came after the Wild scored three goals in the final 3:53
to tie the score.

"It just goes to show that if you stick to it and do your system, it's going to
work," said Devin Setoguchi, who tied the score with 9.8 seconds left and lost
the puck in the final round of the shootout. "We need to start earlier than the
last five minutes of the game."

The Wild to that point looked out of sync, spending a total of 8:46 on the
penalty kill.

Two minutes of that time was in a five-on-three situation, and the Canadiens got
their third power-play goal after Cal Clutterbuck was called for tripping on a
play in which it appeared he was trying to get out of Rene Bourque's way after
dislodging the puck from him.

The way they came back, though, was a testament to a style of play they didn't
fully execute until the final minutes. Minnesota barreled to the front of
Montreal's net, getting a series of juicy rebounds from Canadiens goaltender
Carey Price after peppering him with close-range shots.

Perhaps no one did that better than Matt Kassian, the enforcer who has been
adding a physical presence in front of the net to his usual wares lately.

Kassian, who had not scored in 20 NHL games, bagged two goals in his 21st game.
Had a rebound not slipped just out of his reach in the second period, he could
have had a third.

"I think there's a little more confidence," Kassian said. "For the staff and the
organization to have confidence in me is huge. It's something for me to try and
work on."

Dany Heatley scored the Wild's third goal in much the same manner Kassian scored
their first two, punching in a rebound that came right back to him after his
first shot in the slot. The Wild almost have to score goals that way, and it's
sometimes maddening to figure out why they're not always committed to doing it.

But they grasped it in just enough time Thursday night to snatch a point on the
road - and perhaps recover one of the two they lost in a similar game in
January.

"It's too bad we couldn't get that second point, because I'm really impressed
and happy with the way our guys battled in the third period," coach Mike Yeo
said. "We overcame a lot of adversity tonight."

Follow Ben Goessling at twitter.com/BenGoesslingPP

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MONTREAL, CANADA - MARCH 1: Devin Setoguchi #10 of the Minnesota Wild
falls in front of Carey Price #31 of the Montreal Canadiens on his shootout
attempt during the NHL game at the Bell Centre on March 1, 2012 in Montreal,
Quebec, Canada. The Canadiens defeated the Wild 5-4 in a shootout. (Photo by
Richard Wolowicz/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Trump has simple taste?

BYLINE: RICHARD JOHNSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 229 words


Donald Trump might not like the way he is depicted in the novel "The President's
Butler," but he has to like the assumption that he will win the election.

The recently published parody by Laurence Leamer features a trash-tweeting,
big-ego billionaire who rebounds from the brink of financial disaster to finagle
and bully his way into the White House.

The story is told through the eyes of the mogul's butler, modeled after Tony
Senecal (inset), who was Marjorie Merriweather Post's footman at Mar-a-Lago
before becoming Trump's butler when Trump bought the estate in 1985.

Leamer got to know Senecal well while researching the history of Palm Beach,
Fla., for his "Madness Under the Royal Palms."

But Leamer was inspired to write "The President's Butler" one Sunday at a
$100-a-head buffet at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach. While
everyone else was going for shrimp, stone crabs and steak, Trump ordered a
hamburger.

"He wanted it so well-done it was like a hockey puck, and then he covered it in
about a half-inch of ketchup. That's in the book, but the rest of it is
fiction," Leamer told me.

Leamer's mogul becomes a reality TV star with controversial shows "The Great
American Breast Contest" and "The Vigilantes."

"Like Trump, my mogul takes being loved and hated in equal stride," said the
author, "as long as he gets a response."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tony Senecal

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             December 27, 2000, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Up the river with no seat belt

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 509 words



The U.S. Supreme Court usually takes on a search-and-seizure case after a bad
guy is caught with the goods and his lawyer is trying to finagle a suppression
of the evidence. For the justices to support the civil liberties issue, they
first have to get past the idea that a wrongdoer may get away with a crime -
always a tough psychological barrier to overcome.

That's not the case with Atwater vs. City of Lago Vista, where the facts on the
civil liberties side wouldn't be much stronger if the American Civil Liberties
Union had written them itself. The case asks whether some criminal offenses are
so innocuous that to be arrested for them, as opposed to merely cited, violates
the Constitution.

Gail Atwater knows what arbitrary police power feels like. In 1997, she was
slowly driving her pickup truck along a residential road in Lago Vista, Tex.,
while her two young children, ages 6 and 4, were looking for a dropped toy.
Police officer Bart Turek passed by and, upon seeing the children without a seat
belt, stopped Atwater's car. From the beginning, according to testimony, Turek
was verbally abusive to Atwater, yelling at her that she was going to jail. When
Atwater was asked to produce a driver's license and proof of insurance, she
explained her purse had been stolen two days earlier. Turek knew Atwater had
both documents, because he had checked them two months earlier when he stopped
Atwater the first time on suspicion of a seat-belt violation. In that encounter,
apparently much to Turek's disappointment, all the car's passengers had had
their seat belts on and Turek was forced to let Atwater go without a ticket.

This time, Turek handcuffed and arrested Atwater and took her to jail, where she
was booked, had a mug shot taken and spent an hour before being released on a $
310 bond. Ultimately, she paid a fine of $ 50 for failure to buckle up. After
that, she sued the city for violating her Fourth Amendment right to be free from
unreasonable searches and seizures.

The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, sitting as a full court, ruled that Turek
had not violated Atwater's rights because he had probable cause to believe there
was a violation of law. But should police have the power to disrupt our lives so
dramatically when an infraction is so trivial?

All constitutional rights balance a governmental interest versus an individual
right. Here, while a seat-belt ordinance is certainly a legitimate exercise of
state power to protect public safety, it shouldn't be used as an excuse to
harass or punish citizens beyond the severity of the crime.

Bringing someone to jail for an offense that isn't punishable with incarceration
is an abuse of state power. It would be different if, upon stopping a car for a
seat-belt violation, an officer observed some other criminal offense, such as
possession of illicit drugs, but that was not the case here. Atwater was treated
in a way that was not justified by her offense. The court should instruct police
that there are reasonable limits to their power of arrest.


LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday
                                   L2 Edition

Cubs-Sox rivalry gimmick complete and utter folly

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 509 words


Some institutions should stand above commercialism, marketing and corporate
logos.

No wonder the headline on Monday's news release was so irritating: "Chicago Cubs
and Chicago White Sox formalize long-standing rivalry with announce-ment of the
BP Crosstown Cup."

Formalize? The Sox-Cubs rivalry needed to be formalized? Any pure sports rivalry
needs to be formalized?

Somebody better tell the Bears and the Packers. Maybe they can get a cheese
house between Chicago and Green Bay to formalize their rivalry.

"BP Crosstown Cup," the release's subhead said, "becomes latest pro sports
rivalry officially established by competing teams."

Officially? The Sox-Cubs rivalry had to be made official? It had to be notarized
with stamp, seal and dollar signs?

Somebody better tell Army and Navy. To think, they have been playing football
all these years without their mules and goats being certified.

Listen, to make this less onerous all the Cubs and Sox had to do was say they
figured out how to finagle a sponsor into giving them some cash.

Any business has a right to, well, to do business. The Cubs and Sox have a right
to raise a few bucks to help fund, say, Alfonso Soriano's ongoing hop and Jake
Peavy's recent slop.

But please, fellas, don't cloak the Crosstown Cup as an effort to make the
Sox-Cubs rivalry more of a rivalry.

It doesn't need that. My goodness, exhibition games between the Cubs and the Sox
were sold out back in the 1950s and probably long before that.

Anyway, Monday's news conference was held at Millennium Park but should have
been at a Madison Street saloon

where Sox and Cubs fans once slipped off their stools to spill blood over
whether Looie Aparicio or Ernie Banks was the more valuable shortstop.

All employees of both teams -- players included -- should have been required to
attend to get an understanding of the rivalry from a fan's viewpoint.

The Cubs-Sox news release went on to boast that handing out a trophy to the
winner "will raise the stakes of the series and solidify its standing as an
annual citywide observance."

What, the stakes weren't high enough already? A heated baseball rivalry wasn't
hot enough? Sox-Cubs games had to be acknowledged as a citywide observance?

The whole strategy of steering sports fans in a certain direction is becoming
more annoying all the time.

I was thinking this over the weekend at the Blackhawks and Bulls playoff games.

Someone actually thought that a drum had to be beaten to get fans to chant,
"Let's go, Hawks!" Like they couldn't figure that out on their own.

Then there's that freakin' noise-o-meter, or whatever it's called, that tries to
rev up the crowd during a timeout.

If that's necessary, the Hawks and the Bulls should fire all their season-ticket
holders and recruit new ones.

Now back to the Cubs and the Sox: They have what's called a natural rivalry. The
emphasis is on natural, not manufactured or sponsored.

A fan's emotions and passions flow naturally and don't need to be formalized or
made official.

So, folks, let's just say this Cockamamie Cup is half empty.

mimrem@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 26, 2010 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

What You Need To Crash A Party: A Red Dress And Lots Of Nerve

BYLINE: Amy Argetsinger and Roxanne Roberts

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1054 words


It was a simpler time, the White House Correspondents' Association dinner of
2007 -- an era when a pretty girl with a pretty dress but no invitation could
sneak into the hot-ticket event just by attaching herself to the coattails of an
unsuspecting VIP.

A very VIP, mind you, but more on that later. Looking back on her escapade,
Julia Allison has no regrets.

"But I wouldn't do it again," says the 29-year-old New Yorker. "Crashing is a
young person's sport."

We cajoled Allison into going public with her story, which may symbolize the
last of the good times for the Washington Non-Invited -- back before Tareq and
Michaele Salahi gave crashing presidential dinners a bad name. Though not as
elite as a White House state dinner, the WHCA gala's mix of political A-listers
and Hollywood celebrities has made it a highly coveted and heavily guarded
affair. For years, savvy crashers managed to mingle with the stars at the
numerous pre-dinner parties; but for this year's event on Saturday, featuring
both President Obama and Jay Leno, hosts have mandated that even reception
guests show a dinner ticket or printed invitation.

In 2007, Allison had neither of those. The va-voomy Georgetown grad is a
frequent TV pop-culture commentator who runs a Web site devoted to her life and
the lives of her friends (she prefers the title "lifecaster" to blogger), and by
the late '00s, she'd become a fixture on Manhattan's media gadfly party scene.

She has crashed a few events in her day. "Acting like you're meant to be there
is 90 percent of the battle," she says. "It's walking with purpose. You don't
want to lie. You just want to act as if, 'of course, I'm just walking in.' "

Still, when she got a Huffington Post assignment to write about the party
cavalcade around the dinner, she assumed she could "finagle a ticket." But no
one had one for her, she said. "So I just showed up."

In a strapless red dress, she both stood out and blended in. "The party is in
the hallway," she explains. Arianna Huffington introduced her around, and
Allison scribbled down quotes and took photos of the blog empress with various
celebrities.

At dinnertime, Allison hung back as most of the crowd lined up to show their
tickets and pass through security. That's when she saw Colin Powell. She says
she originally just wanted to get a quote from the former secretary of state.
But as she got closer, "I realized that he was flying solo," only one aide
leading him.

"You know how when a celebrity is moving through a room, they literally leave a
wake?" she says. "I got in his wake, and I just moved with him."

Allison says she kept within inches of Powell. The room was so crowded that it
didn't look strange -- and Powell, she says, never had any idea a young woman
was shadowing him. She followed him past an usher and through the metal
detectors, and no one asked her for the ticket she didn't have.

And then she was in. She had no seat, but Huffington gave Allison hers while she
swanned around the room; then when Huffington wanted to sit, it was Allison's
turn to work the room. She slipped into the empty seat of Hillary Clinton's
press secretary, Philippe Reines, who chivalrously allowed her to share it with
him when he returned: A prime seat, just a couple of tables from President Bush
and a few feet from where the historic war-of-words between Sheryl Crow and Karl
Rove went down.

Reines "is so sweet," Allison says. "This was the funniest, sweetest thing."

Is it still possible to crash the dinner? "There's always a way," she says. But
"you have to have a purpose." She did it "because I had a job to do, not because
I wanted to get famous," but the Salahis made the practice distasteful. "And for
me to say that is really saying something!"

So we won't see her there this week? "No," she says. "Unless someone wants to
invite me."

Mugging For Cameras Didn't Prepare Them

If it can happen to Kumar, it can happen to anyone: Actor-turned-Obama-staffer
Kal Penn was robbed at gunpoint near Logan Circle last week, but history had
already shown that celebrity is no protection against the common street mugging:

-- Paul and Linda McCartney, 1973, held up in Nigeria by knife-wielding bandits
who took their "Band on the Run" demo tapes. Result: "We managed to put all that
aggression into the music," he said.

-- Dan Rather, 1986, attacked on NYC's Park Avenue by a man who shouted at him,
"Kenneth, what is the frequency?" Result: A new catchphrase and an R.E.M. song.

-- Ray Davies, 2004, shot in the leg after he chased the New Orleans mugger who
swiped his girlfriend's bag. Result: The Kinks frontman wrote some songs in the
hospital and finished a long-neglected album.

-- Barbara Bush, 2006, lost her purse to a thief while dining with twin Jenna in
a Buenos Aires restaurant. Result: Embarrassment for the Secret Service team
watching them.

-- Kevin Bacon, 2009, had his BlackBerry swiped in an NYC subway station.
Result: New York Post headline, "Subway Thief Smokes Bacon." -- Mika Brzezinski,
2008, confronted by a man outside the downtown Ritz-Carlton who demanded money;
she gave him $6. Result: MSNBC co-host Joe Scarborough wouldn't stop talking
about it on their show. ("Joe!")

 This Just In

 -- Bret Michaels remains in critical condition after a brain hemorrhage
Thursday night. A message on his Facebook page Sunday said that the rocker,
starring on this season's "Celebrity Apprentice," is in an undisclosed hospital
while doctors try to determine the source of the bleeding: "As we all know Bret
is a fighter and we are hopeful that once all is complete the slurred speech,
blurred vision and dizziness, etc. will be eliminated and all functions will
return to normal."

 Hey, Isn't That . . . ?

 -- Rahm Emanuel with his security detail stepping out of a car at 11th and U
streets NW Saturday night . . . in stonewashed jeans and stonewashed denim
jacket. Yeah! Headed into Vinoteca for dinner with friends.

-- Reality-TV ingenue Shayne Lamas dining with a group at Hudson on Friday.
Mac-and-cheese, fried chicken, 20 percent tip. The "Bachelor" winner with one of
the show's shortest engagements (and later a co-starring role with dad Lorenzo
in "Leave It to Lamas") is back in the tabloids for her quickie Vegas marriage
to nightlife blogger Nik Richie last week; they showed up in town to promote his
Web site at Shadow Room nightclub.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 16, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

CAR TALK;
Admonition against mixing brands of oil lacks a good reason

BYLINE: RAY AND TOM MAGLIOZZI

SECTION: WHEELS, Pg. 1S, Ray and Tom Magliozzi

LENGTH: 525 words



Dear Tom and Ray:

I have tried to maintain my own cars for about 35 years. Now about all I can do
is change the oil, and I'm even having second thoughts about that! One of the
first things I was told was never to mix different brands of oil, either between
oil changes or at an oil change. Was this some kind of old wives' tale, or is
there some truth to it? Should I continue with the training I received in the
1950s, or is it OK to mix brands of oil? Joe

Tom: Well, I wouldn't mix Valvoline with Filippo Berio Extra Virgin Olive Oil.
But other than that, you can mix together any oils you want, Joe.

Ray: There's no technical reason to stick to one brand of motor oil.
Interestingly, Quaker State is trying to give people a marketing reason to use
only its oil by offering a 10-year/250,000-mile engine warranty. The company
says if you use Quaker State exclusively, and change your oil every four months
or 4,000 miles, it will replace any lubricated part of the engine that fails.

Tom: Of course, you have to save your receipts, the receipts have to
specifically identify the car, you have to file twice a year with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and "cc" the National Organization for Women. And then,
if something does break, you have to forage through the finest fine print Quaker
State's lawyers could finagle.

Ray: But if you're well-organized and plan to keep your car forever, Quaker
State's offer might be worth considering. It'll send you a copy of the complete
warranty if you call (800) 237-8645.

Dear Tom and Ray:

My car engine does not always turn off immediately. It "diesels." My cousin
suggests turning the key off while the car is in drive or reverse. Should I do
it? Bill

Tom: You can do it, Bill. But you might as well try fixing the problem first.

Ray: Ninety-nine percent of the time, dieseling is caused by an idle speed
that's set too high. The engine is turning so fast that it simply has too much
angular momentum and can't stop right away. So when you turn off the key, the
engine keeps turning.

Tom: And because it's still turning, fuel gets sucked in from the carburetor.
And because the engine is still hot, some of that fuel gets combusted. So the
engine continues to run (albeit poorly) for a few seconds after you shut off the
ignition.

Ray: And because heat plays a crucial role in dieseling, anything that makes the
engine run too hot is bound to make your problem worse. So in addition to having
your mechanic check the idle speed, you should also have him check the timing,
the cooling system or anything else that could lead to overheating.

Tom: If your mechanic is unable to solve the problem - or unable to solve it
cheaply - then you can resort to putting it in drive or reverse. That simply
"loads up" the engine and drags down the idle speed. That's why it often stops
the dieseling.

Tom and Ray Magliozzi are known for their commentary on "Car Talk," a weekly
feature on many National Public Radio stations. If you have a question for them
about cars, write to them in care of Wheels, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution,
P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            March 21, 2007 Wednesday

Getting defensive on pitch

BYLINE: Ian St. Clair

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 666 words


The Lady T-Birds allowed just 3 shots on goal in win.

By Ian St. Clair

spt4@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - At times, Mary Freeman was fighting to keep her concentration.

To remain focused so on the off-chance she needed to make a save for her
Cheyenne East girls soccer team, she could.

Of course, East's senior goalie didn't have to make any kind of save through the
first 54 minutes of the Lady Thunderbirds' game with Skyline (Longmont, Colo.)
on Tuesday afternoon at Okie Blanchard Stadium.

To be honest, the way things were going through those first 54 minutes it didn't
appear as if Freeman would need to.

But it was at that moment the Falcons started to finagle their way through
East's defensive vise grip and actually make this game interesting.

Skyline actually started to test how focused Freeman really was.

With a sign of things to come this season - at least they hope -the T-Birds were
able to withstand Skyline's late run - not to mention a not as focused goalie in
Freeman as they would like - to win 4-2 and improve to 2-0 this season.

See LADY T-BIRDS, page B2

Lady T-Birds:

Continued from B1

"(Freeman) got bored," East coach Jim Gardner said. "And she wasn't as focused
as she should be. But that's tough because I felt the first half was really
boring, and we really weren't playing that well. But I thought we picked it up
in the second half and played with some more emotion."

If not for how well East played defensively, this match could have very well
gone in a much different direction.

Minus the Falcons' two goals, the Falcons (2-3) just could not get anything
going offensively.

Including those two goals, Skyline had just three shots on goal.

"We have a lot to improve on to develop team chemistry and stuff like that,"
said East midfielder Danielle Borin, who scored one of her team's four goals and
was seemingly all over the field defensively. "We will definitely take it
because we want an undefeated season, but we will learn from this game and get
these things corrected."

Yes, Freeman never likes to give up two goals - what goalie does? But if anyone
was more appreciative of the T-Birds' defensive performance on this day you
might have trouble finding one.

"Oh, yeah, it definitely makes my job easy when they play like that in front of
me," she said with a petite smile on her face. "I just couldn't do this without
them.

"We have some improvements to make and we don't want to allow any more goals in
the future; hopefully."

Said Gardner: "Amanda (Halter) has done just a masterful job of leading our
defense and to do so as a sophomore is pretty impressive. With how young our
defense is they're only going to improve because the learning curve is really
high with them."

Offensively, balance was the key for East.

It had four different goal scorers with Kelsey Altenbern getting the scoring
started and Vanessa Gallegos netting the prettiest goal of the afternoon to
increase the T-Birds' lead to 2-0.

Gallegos took possession of the ball about 25 yards out and placed it in the
ideal spot.

"Not our best but we worked through it," Altenbern said. "And I think the
difference was the way we played defensively, and I felt we picked up the
emotion a little bit in the second half to get this win."

For Shaye Marshall and Skyline, they just got started too late to have a
puncher's chance.

But despite a tough loss like this, the Falcons were still able to take solace
in the fact they didn't cash in their chips.

Marshall had a foot in both Falcons' goals scoring one and assisting on the
other.

"It was just like the Longmont game (March 14) when we got behind early but
found a way to win 4-3," she said. "We never gave up and that's just the manner
of this team. It would have been nice to have gotten started a little earlier
though. But this is good sign for this team."

Cheyenne East 4, Skyline 2

Halftime: East 2, Skyline 0. Goals: East, Altenbern, Gallegos, Borin and Reiner.
Skyline, Maes and Marshall. Assists: East, Erickson (2). Skyline, Marshall.
Yellow cards: Altenbern, East.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GREGORY HOENIG/WTE ; Cheyenne East's Heather Reiner gets a shot past
Skyline's Samantha Wild to score East's fourth goal in its 4-2 victory Tuesday
at Okie Blanchard Stadium.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               St. Lawrence News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Brockville Theatre Guild to present One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 700  words


Ever wonder if living in a mental institution would be better than living in
prison? Randle Patrick McMurphy is convinced it would be a much easier life and
finagles himself a transfer from a prison farm to a mental institution in the
Brockville Theatre Guild's upcoming production of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's
Nest.

The play, which was written by Dale Wasserman and based on the novel by Ken
Kesey, is locally produced by Sherry Leeder and directed by Todd Noel.

"Somebody had brought it up (the production) a few years prior, and it was voted
against," Noel said of how 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest' came to be this
year's production. "When I came in, they had done two family oriented shows and
they felt like they wanted to get away from that and do something a little more
edgy. I have always felt that Brockville likes what they know. The two other
plays were very well known and the Theatre Guild did them both very well, and
the majority thought that we should go with something a little 'edgier', a
little more dramatic, non-Christmassy."

"We were thinking of things like A Few Good Men, Amadeus, On Golden Pond,"
explained Noel. "I think Brockville likes what they know." And so it began.

With 17 parts cast, set design by Noel and Guy Wales, set construction by Bill
Gonidis, costumes by Mary Hill and costume seamstress Trish Duchene, it appeared
the stage was set, so to say. There was a brief dilemma about facial hair for
the main character Patrick, played by Paul Duchesne, whose character is rather
rough.

"We needed to rough him up a little bit so we decided to do that by putting mutt
chops on him," explained Noel. "I have a friend in New York, in 'Phantom', I
called him up and asked the wig department if they would donate some side burns
for us and they did, so we got some brand new ones! That's kind of nice. We'll
have some Broadway on stage with us! He will be pretty rough looking."

In the play the main character, Randle Patrick McMurphy is in prison for another
five months and is tired of having to do all the chores that the prisoners have
to do so he finds a way that he thinks will get him a free ride; I'll get a
mental discharge. It doesn't turn out so well for him. It isn't what he thought
and then he is caught amidst a struggle between Nurse Ratched and himself. She
basically strives to keep society numb and McMurphy is trying to get them to
come back to life, to live again.

Other main characters include Nurse Ratched played by Trish Duchesne, Harding,
played by Peter Lynch and Billy played by Jon Keeler.

"The characters have a lot of levels to them. Peters character is a man who is
dealing with being gay," explained Noel. "He's married and he's trying to deal
with doing the married thing but he's having a hard time dealing with that."

"We started practicing the week after Labour Day," explained Lynch. "Three
nights a week, which will soon turn into four nights a week. It's a play with
many levels. It's not the usual superficial comedy that we've been doing. It's a
departure from the last couple of years."

"The play is all adult content," Lynch noted. "Children should not come see it.
It's a comedy primarily, but not for children."

"If you have seen the movie, you will definitely recognize the play," said Noel.
"Though, the play is much more like the book than the movie."

"These are dynamic characters," explained Duchesne, who plays McMurphy.
"Real-life flesh and blood type of characters with a lot of energy and I think
the audience will enjoy that, feed off of that. There is a contrast between his
character McMurphy and the nurse who is all about control, power. A shining
exterior on the outside. But throws daggers on the inside."

With only four women in the production, Trish Duchesne is having a bit of fun.
"I am having fun. It's a challenge to try to get into the character; to try and
be in that controlling, negative mode all the time is a challenge."

Show times at the arts centre are Nov. 19, 20 and 21 at 8 p.m., with a matinee
on the 21st at 2 p.m. Tickets are $26.50 + HST for Adults, $18.50 + HST for
students and $23.50 + HST for groups of 10 or more. To purchase, visit
https://www.bactickets.ca/TheatreManager/1/login&event=0

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2015
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              July 08, 2007 Sunday

Work together to craft a budget

BYLINE: By Sen. Bill Brady

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 681 words


Without a permanent budget, the state started its new fiscal year on July 1.

Without a permanent budget, local school districts are left to finagle their own
budgets without knowing the true extent of state funding.

Without a permanent budget, community programs that serve tens of thousands of
senior citizens, the disabled and the needy are left to wonder how to pay their
own bills for the year.

And without a permanent budget, families and businesses are still left to wonder
whether they may be asked to pay yet more.

Instead, we have a temporary budget. Instead, the state of Illinois has put a
tourniquet on a wound that really required the work of a surgeon, a 31-day
spending plan that allows the Legislature to again postpone making the tough
decisions on balancing revenues and expenses.

It didn't have to be that way. The Legislature didn't need the governor's
grandstanding to underscore the importance of getting a budget finalized.

Had the governor been serious about a budget and compromise from day one, rather
than bringing in guest speakers to the leaders' meetings like a talk-show host,
there could have been a permanent budget already in place. Had there been less
intransigence and distrust among the Democrats, the work of the people could
have been completed on time.

The people of Illinois elected us to make the tough decisions and to solve the
daunting challenges confronting Illinois in these early years of the 21st
century. They elected us to work to make their lives better, to help them climb
the ladder to a more secure financial future.

We Republicans stand ready to work, but the leadership of this state has failed
them.

We're now more than 30 days into overtime session with no end in sight. And what
has been accomplished in those 30 days?

Next to nothing toward resolving a spending problem that threatens the economic
viability of Illinois. Next to nothing toward reshaping priorities to resolve
looming pension liabilities or pay down a backlog of unpaid bills to health care
providers. Next to nothing toward crafting a responsible budget that moves
Illinois forward.-

There was no real urgency for a temporary budget. The first threat of payless
paydays for state employees was still more than a week away, sufficient time for
the Democratic leadership, joined by Republican leaders, to craft a budget that
prioritized spending for the new fiscal year, if they wanted to.

Now, there is no pressure to get the real job done. So summer will drag on with
no guarantee of any resolution, special session or not, just as the entire year
has passed by without any relief for senior citizens, families and businesses
from exorbitant utility bills.

We left Springfield for Easter break, without providing a resolution to those
high utility rates.

We left Springfield for Memorial Day, without forging a solution to electric
bills that in some cases have ballooned fivefold. And now we have left
Springfield for the Fourth of July, again without an answer.

Given that model of inaction from the Democratic ringleaders, who's to say we
won't be passing another temporary budget a month from now? And one in
September, and another in October, November, ad infinitum.-

I'm a businessman, and I don't know of many businesses that take time off when
they've blown a deadline, not even for a holiday. They buckle down to work and
get the job done.-

That's what the General Assembly and the governor should be doing. We should be
in Springfield forging a permanent state budget, providing relief from
unreasonable utility bills and guaranteeing reliable energy supplies.-

We should be in Springfield, Democrats and Republicans together, making the
tough decisions that the people of Illinois elected us to make, getting the job
finished that they elected us to do. They expect no less from us, and they
deserve no less.

The writer is a Republican from Bloomington.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                      January 23, 2005 Sunday City Edition

SE party starts early;
First-game rout gives Spartans outright title

BYLINE: COREY NORMAN STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 793 words


Southeast High School came into Saturday night's City Tournament game with a few
things going its way.

Despite being the third seed, the Spartans entered the early contest against
fourth-seeded Springfield with a 2-0 tournament record and also had a chance to
move back into a tie for first place in the Central State Eight Conference. The
Spartans, sparked by a hot-shooting first half (72.7 percent), coasted to a
64-38 victory and their second outright city boys basketball title in three
years. Southeast (11-7 overall, 7-2 in the CS8) is in a three-way tie for the
conference lead with Lincoln and Lanphier.

"When we got the ball I told them that I wanted to push it up the floor and see
if we could get (Springfield) back on their heels," Southeast coach Rick
Montooth said. "I thought we got some good looks at the beginning.

"We're a team that goes with momentum; when things are going our way, we're
almost unstoppable."

The Spartans were 16-of-22 from the field in the first half, led by Tim Doss'
4-of-7 from the floor. Markie Miller and Kevin Frank both were perfect on their
three attempts.

"I just think that Southeast played great," SHS coach Nate Ramsey said. "We were
kind of hoping that they had lost some energy after playing the last two games
pretty hard. But like I said, they played the best basketball the last three
days.

"They were out to win the title tonight and they came out and did it."

Southeast built a 22-9 first-quarter lead with guard Teddy Toliver leading the
way with six of his eight first-half points. The Spartans were 10-of-12 in the
first period.

The Spartans led 39-18 at halftime.

Junior Tim Doss, who had two points off the bench in the first quarter, led
Southeast in the second with six points and four rebounds.

Although they blistered the nets in the first half, the Spartans shot a more
down-to-earth 38.9 percent in the second half to finish up at 57.5 percent for
the game.

The Senators (4-17, 1-8 in CS8, 0-3 in the tournament) were within 43-27 with
4:07 to play after a basket by Sean Banks, but they could get no closer. The
Spartans' biggest lead of the night came with 1:28 left in the game when Jerius
Montgomery's basket gave them a 64-34 advantage, making the game the first in
City Tournament history to have a running clock.

"We didn't play necessarily very good defense," Ramsey added after taking a look
at the stat sheet. "We did not shoot well (13-of-52 from the field for 25
percent).

"(Southeast) shot the ball well, but we didn't defend very well tonight. The
last two nights I was happy with the defensive effort, but tonight I didn't
think the effort was very good."

Montooth said the team game was what made the Spartans special and unstoppable.

"It's a cliche, I know, but when we play as a team, we can play against
anybody," he said.

Toliver finished with a game-high 14 points on 5-of-10 shooting from the field.
Miller (4-of-7 from the field) added 13 points and Doss finished with 10 points.
Miller also pulled down a game-high nine rebounds, giving him 21 for the
tournament. Kevin Frank, a post presence that the Spartans have been looking
for, added five boards.

Jones led Springfield with nine points.

AT PCCC

Southeast 22 17 16 9 - 64

Springfield 9 9 10 10 - 38

Southeast (64) - Teddy Toliver 5-10 4-5 14; Markie Miller 4-7 5-8 13; Paris Veal
4-5 0-0 8; Demetrius Davis 2-2 2-4 6; Kevin Frank 3-3 0-0 6; Tim Doss 4-9 2-4
10; Chuck Lanier 0-2 2-3 2; Stacey Lott 0-1 2-2 2; Jerius Montgomery 1-1 0-0 2;
Derek Barrow 0-0 1-2 1; Charleston Acres 0-0 0-0 0; Jeremy Bishop 0-0 0-0 0;
TEAM. Totals: 23-40 18-28 64.

3-point goals: 0-2 (Tim Doss 0-1, Teddy Toliver 0-1). Rebounds: 37 (Markie
Miller 9, Kevin Frank 5, Tim Doss 4, Chuck Lanier 4, Stacey Lott 4, Teddy
Toliver 4, Paris Veal 3, Demetrius Davis 2, Derek Barrow 1, TEAM 1). Fouls: 14.
Turnovers: 10.

Springfield (38) - Tony Jones 3-8 3-4 9; Davion Lucas 2-5 2-2 6; Bryant Walls
2-11 0-0 4; Sean Banks 1-2 1-2 3; Noah Beveridge 1-2 0-0 2; Tony Odele 1-2 2-2
4; Andrew Gill 1-6 1-1 3; Drew Fendrich 1-5 0-0 2; Shaun Green 1-3 0-0 2; Tyler
Isringhausen 0-5 2-2 2; Markis Coleman 0-1 1-3 1; Aaron Iaun 0-2 0-0 0; Mike
O'Connor 0-0 0-2 0; TEAM. Totals: 13-52 12-18 38.

3-point goals: 0-15 (Shaun Green 0-1, Aaron Iaun 0-1, Davion Lucas 0-1, Sean
Banks 0-1, Bryant Walls 0-1, Drew Fendrich 0-2, Andrew Gill 0-3, Tony Jones
0-5). Rebounds: 27 (Bryant Walls 6, Shaun Green 3, Tyler Isringhausen 3, Davion
Lucas 3, Mike O'Connor 3, Drew Fendrich 2, Andrew Gill 2, Tony Jones 2, Tony
Odele 2, TEAM 1). Fouls: 16. Turnovers: 10.

Officials: Limey Nargelenas, Torrey Points, Steve Mitze.

Records: Southeast, 11-7 (7-2, Central State Eight). Springfield, 4-17 (1-8).

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Assistant coach Larry Hale cracks up fellow assistant Artie Doss and
the Southeast players with his victory dance.; 2. Springfield's Tony Jones tries
to finagle around the outstretched arm of Southeast's Kevin Frank.

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 April 14, 1996, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Leafs clinch a second life Victory over Oilers secures coveted berth in
post-season play

BYLINE: By Damien Cox Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 651 words


   It's a forgiving year to be from the wrong side of the NHL tracks.

While the Stanley Cup-champion New Jersey Devils can't even finagle an invite to
the playoff dance in the Eastern Conference despite finishing four games over
.500, an unseemly five teams from the the decidedly weaker Western Conference
will qualify for the post-season with losing records after the season ends
today.

Leafs 6, Oilers 3

The Maple Leafs, however, don't mind at all being part of that rag-tag quintet
and a crucial 6-3 decision over the Edmonton Oilers last night finally nailed
down an elusive playoff berth that looked to be in serious jeopardy two weeks
ago.

"We decided our fate and that's all you can ask," said jubilant winger Wendel
Clark, who scored the opening goal of the game. "Hey, why do it in 60 games when
you can do it in 82?"

The triumph concluded a controversy-ridden 34-36-12 season for the Leafs, their
first losing season in four years. But on the easy street that is the western
grouping, it gave the Leafs temporary hold on fourth place and possible home-ice
advantage in the first round of the playoffs.

"We can't think that the east is this and the west is that, because it isn't
going to help our cause," said defenceman Larry Murphy. "The reality is that
we're in. It's a strange league and you get in any way you can.

"The question now is, can we do something with it?"

The victory eliminated the possibility the Leafs would have to face powerhouse
Detroit in the first round. Still, the win didn't settle the Leafs' playoff
possibilities, with first-round matchups against Colorado, Chicago, Calgary,
Winnipeg and St. Louis all still possible.

"We're in and it's a relief," said general manager Cliff Fletcher. "It's been a
frustrating year all along.

"This is the first time in my career I've had to wait until the third period in
the final game to get into the playoffs."

The underachieving Leafs won six of their final eight to squeeze into the
playoffs, but they should offer some degree of thanks to Curtis Joseph for
hand-delivering their invitation to the post-season prom on the second-last day
of the season.

Joseph, who performed goaltending heroics for the St. Louis Blues three years
ago in the playoffs, started off as though he intended to do the same for the
Oilers with a flawless, 16- save first period.

But the acrobatic netminder's poor stickhandling skills put two pucks directly
on Leaf sticks for goals in the second period, then got caught leaning the wrong
way for Brandon Convery's killer goal in the third, which proved the winner.

"I don't know if he was cheating, but I did try to look him off," said Convery,
who snapped a shot to the top left corner. "He definitely didn't have the angle.

"Guys like me have to chip in. We can't just rely on the top two lines. We need
other guys, too."

Coach Nick Beverley, who finished with a 9-6-2 regular- season record after
taking over from Pat Burns, will now take his charges to Orangeville for at
least one day of playoff preparation before being the playoffs either Tuesday or
Wednesday.

"I can't say, and I won't say, that there's some team I'd like to meet," said
Beverley. "Let's explore the depths of where we can go as a team."

With their playoff lives on the line, the Leafs produced a strong, 48-shot
effort against the aggressive Oilers, strangling the Edmonton speed attack with
efficient five-on-five play.

Second-period goals by Clark and Mike Gartner - both aided considerably by
Joseph's clumsy stickwork - gave the Leafs a 2-0 lead that the Oilers erased
with two goals of their own later in the period. Doug Gilmour made it 3-2 later
in the second and Convery scored the winner at 7:04 of the third.

Mats Sundin, who scored the fifth goal for the Leafs and added an assist, ended
up leading the team in scoring second straight year with 83 points.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star color photo (Stuparyk): HAPPY GILMOUR AND FRIENDS: Leaf captain
Doug Gilmour and winger Mike Gartner congratulate teammate Wendel Clark after
his goal gave Leafs a 1-0 lead.

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

HOUSING HONCHO BUSTED

BYLINE: ZACH HABERMAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 198 words


A state housing official was busted yesterday for allegedly scamming thousands
of dollars from a 9/11 fund intended to draw residents back to lower Manhattan.

Mark Marcucilli, 49, fudged an application to the Lower Manhattan Development
Corp. in order to get $7,000 from a grant set aside to persuade residents to
stay near Ground Zero, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Manhattan.
Marcucilli, associate director of the Division of Housing and Community Renewal,
claimed to live with his dad in a Southbridge Towers apartment on Pearl Street.
But authorities say his father never lived there.

Marcucilli faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted on a five-count complaint
that includes mail fraud, conspiracy and the pilfering of government funds.

He's also accused of skirting housing rules for the co-op to finagle for a
friend an apartment that was later sublet illegally.

His lawyer declined to comment after Marcucilli's appeared before a federal
judge, who released him on his own recognizance.

A DHCR spokeswoman said, "The agency will relieve Mr. Marcucilli from all areas
of responsibility that involve oversight of its housing portfolio."

zach.haberman@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 25, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

THOUSANDS OF FANS HOOP IT UP AS STARS OF NCAA PRACTICE

BYLINE: Lorraine Kee Montre Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 595 words


They could have been at work. Or school. Or doing laundry.

But they were here, at The Arena, in the middle of a workday no less.  What
might drive an accountant, a college student, a septuagenarian, a lawyer and a
homemaker to such lengths?

March Madness.

The NCAA Midwest Regional men's basketball tournament tips off tonight, but
about 10,100 people tripped the turnstiles at The Arena on Wednesday for
practices by Louisville, California, Indiana and Kansas.

"I took a vacation day," said Michelle Edgar, a "runner" at United Van Lines in
St. Louis. "I told them I had to have the day off."

She sat courtside with her boyfriend, Lance Lingle, who wore a Kansas University
jacket made by Edgar's grandmother.

St. Louis attorney and Louisville fan Stephen Clark, whose uniform was a
business suit, added: "I just won a case in federal court in Orlando, and I
thought I would take a little time off. I think this is really exciting for St.
Louis."

And the asking price was right - free. Several fans at the practice Wednesday
said they had been unable to finagle tickets to the regional games.

Seth Teeter, 12, clutched an NCAA program in one hand and a pen in the other. He
had been among the youngsters who surged forward when the Indiana players took
the court. So far, he had collected the signature of Louisville Coach Denny
Crum.

"I got a picture of (California's) Jason Kidd," Seth said. "I just called him
over."

A sixth-grader at Immaculate Conception School in Columbia, Ill., Seth said his
mother had called school officials to excuse his absence. "I've never been to
any big games like this," he said before rushing off. He went to look for
Indiana's Calbert Cheaney.

Jill Obenchain, of Belleville, said if not for the practice she might have been
home "doing laundry or letting the dog out. This is much more interesting."

She wore a shirt, scarf, pin and earrings - all red. "I'm from Indiana," she
said. "We're big Bobby Knight fans."

Obenchain's husband wanted to be at the practice, but he's a teacher at
Belleville West High School and couldn't get away. Instead, neighbor Sue Buscher
accompanied her. Buscher's daughter is a student at Indiana University School of
Optometry.

"I'd love to have tickets to the games," said Obenchain, who sat among the
parquet seats in The Arena as the teams practiced.

"But this is the next best thing."

Albert Stinson, 75, and his grandson, Keith Gordon, 19, could have been home
watching a movie. "Or soap operas," Gordon added.

Instead, Stinson had called his grandson and invited him to watch the practice.
Gordon is home on spring break from Howard University, where he is studying
computers and Russian.

They were rooting for California and Coach Todd Bozeman.

"We wish we had tickets," said Stinson, a retired postal worker who used to take
his grandson to football practice. "But not at $ 1,000."

That was the asking price of one ticket broker for center-court seats. So
Stinson and Gordon settled for the practice.

"It's very special being here with him," Stinson said, nodding and smiling at
his grandson. "I'm really very proud of him."

Added Gordon, a Howard sophomore: "I've missed my family. So it's nice to be
able to do things with my grandfather."

Vallee Buckles, 73, sat in a front-row seat. He wore an Indiana University
knitted tam and a Kansas Jayhawks T-shirt - both gifts from relatives.

Buckles, a retired federal employee, was asked if he was in the midst of an
identity crisis.

"I know who I am," he said, laughing.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Color Photo by Wayne Crosslin/Post-Dispatch -
College basketball fans crowding near the players' exit at The Arena Wednesday,
hoping to get autographs during practice sessions. The NCAA Midwest Regional
tournament semifinals are tonight. (2) Photo by Wayne Crosslin/Post-Dispatch -
Vallee Buckles, 73, displaying mixed loyalties by sporting an Indiana cap and a
Kansas jersey as Midwest Regional teams practiced Wednesday. (3) Color Logo -
1993 NCAA FINAL FOUR NEW ORLEANS

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Employees get to share their pets on Take Your Dog to Work Day

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 400 words


Chloe and Maximillian Rubin put in a full day at Countdown Printables in Canoga
Park.

They greet customers, dig through trash cans and finagle as many treats as
possible. Afternoon naps on the bright-orange couch are a must.

Sometimes the boxers sneak off with a bag or a blanket from the floor-level
shelf filled with promotional items.

"Employee theft went up a little bit," co-owner Rosie Rubin said.

On Friday, businesses across the country marked Take Your Dog To Work Day by
letting Fido and Fifi hang out by the water cooler, just as Chloe and
Maximillian get to do on a regular basis.

North Carolina-based Pet Sitters International - an education association for
professional pet sitters - started the tradition on the Friday after Father's
Day in 1999.

Fewer than 100 businesses participated that first year, said Beth Stultz, the
association's Take Your Dog To Work Day spokeswoman. Although the organization
doesn't have exact numbers, it estimates that thousands of businesses now take
part.

The hope is to encourage colleagues to adopt dogs by reminding them of that
special bond between man and his best friend.

"It doesn't matter what kind of day you have. When you come home and see your
dog waiting for you with his tail wagging, the troubles of the day melt away,"
she said. "That is what people get to see on Take Your Dog To Work Day."

Plus, studies show canine companions can reduce workplace stress, she said.

Stultz took her dog, a 2-year-old teacup Chihuahua named Bree, to work on
Friday.

"I know I feel more comfortable when she is at work with me," she said. "I'm not
worrying if she is bored or misses me because she is right there with me."

At NorthGlen Chiropractic in Glendale, patients are greeted by Ella, a German
Shepherd-Akita mix.

"Here every day is take your dog to work day," said Dr. Dee Ann Nason, Ella's
owner.

Patients bring Ella treats, which Nason said she has to limit.

"I have to keep her girlish figure," she said.

Nason said she encourages patients and her two employees to bring their pets to
the office.

She has seen more dogs than cats and even stared down a pot-bellied pig named
Pearl Bailey.

Scott Rubin, co-owner of Countdown Printables, says having the dogs around makes
work more fun, but he worries about getting enough work done.

"We like to think we have the self-control," he said. "But, let's be honest with
ourselves."

jerry.berrios@dailynews.com

818-713-3635

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Countdown Printables owners Scott and Rosie Rubin brought their boxers
Chloe and Maximillian to work with them for Take Your Dog to Work Day on Friday.
Dean Musgrove Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 11, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

She Walks Through Walls

SECTION: Section 6; Column 4; Magazine Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 121 words


Dennis Cass may call it theatrics, but what I thought when I read his article
(July 21) is that Mary Jo Copeland is a master manipulator. She insults,
finagles and bullies to get what she wants.

After giving an "irresistible performance," Copeland won the City Council's
support for an orphanage she wants to build in Eagan, Minn. She may take in kids
as young as 4 and impose on them her own peculiar religious regime, so long as
she feeds and houses them.

One shudders to think that Copeland's may be an example of the kind of program
set to receive tax dollars under the "faith based" initiative. Despite the good
things she may have accomplished, this woman comes off as scary in your article.


Deborah Margulies
Medford, N.J

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Woman Conned; Police ID Suspect

BYLINE: VALERIE KALFRIN, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 558 words


REAL ESTATE GROUP WARNS MEMBERS

By VALERIE KALFRIN

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - The man on the beach seemed charming, helping the woman and her
inebriated friend to their car, Tampa police said.

Jordan Gann, 26, said he was a pediatric oncologist and seemed to be "on her
intellectual level," Detective Curtis Smith said Tuesday. Over the next few
days, he offered to help the woman with her financial woes, saying he would
deposit $100,000 in a joint account for her if she first paid him $750, Smith
said.

The woman, whom police identified only as Jennifer, held up her end of the deal,
but Gann did not, Smith said. Now police are seeking him on a felony warrant
charging him with scheme to defraud.

Because of his smooth demeanor, investigators think he might have victimized
other women in the Bay area.

"We believe there are other victims who have not reported this because of
embarrassment or feeling taken," Smith said.

Gann also calls himself Simon Gann, Simon Wilkes, Charles Morales, Dr. Shawn
Cohen and Dr. Jonathan Marino, police said. "He doesn't have a current Florida
driver's license. He's pretty much under the radar," Smith said.

He is wanted in New Hampshire on similar fraud charges, said Smith.

In addition, local Realtors have issued an alert to about 9,000 members of the
Bay area's real estate association about Gann, who Smith said views high-end
properties.

"He's pretty smooth as far as his approach," Smith said. "It's just a matter of
opportunity, whatever he needs to finagle that day."

Public records show Gann served two years in a Florida prison after pleading no
contest in 2004 to a felony grand-theft charge. A Panama City police report
states two Realtors filed the report after Gann took off with a computer they
had bought him. The Realtors, both women, said in the report that Gann had posed
as a doctor and convinced them he had several million dollars to invest in real
estate, so they bought him the computer.

Meredith Gavin, 31, filed a report with Tampa police about Gann in 2003. He had
met her and a friend in an Orlando restaurant and accompanied them to Tampa for
about four days, where they bought him clothes, food and CDs and loaned him
$130, the report states.

According to the report, Gann told the friends he had sold his stem-cell
research company and had $6 billion in the bank. He produced a letter on
Fidelity Financial stationery as proof, which police later learned had been made
from a handout.

Gavin and her friend notified police after Gann took the friend's cell phone and
disappeared. Hillsborough County court records show Gann was charged with
misdemeanor petty theft under the name Simon Wilkes, but the charge was
dismissed.

Reached by phone Tuesday, Gavin, who now lives in Albany, N.Y., said Gann
fathered her 3 1/2 -year-old son. She has set up a Web page to warn other women
about him.

Gavin said she thinks Gann has a twin brother, which Tampa police could not
confirm Tuesday. Public records show a man named Simon Gann, 26, lives at the
family's address listed in Methuen, Mass. A phone call there Tuesday was not
returned.

Reporter Valerie Kalfrin can be reached at (813) 259-7800 or
vkalfrin@tampatrib.com

Photo: Jordan Gann

Police think he may have defrauded women in the Bay area.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday

HE KEPT US SAFE - THE BUSH LEGACY THAT WORRIES DEMS

BYLINE: PEGGY NOONAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1048 words


To drive through the suburbs of Northern Virginia is to marvel still at the
widespread wealth, the mansions and mini-mansions that did not exist a
quarter-century ago and that now thicken the woods and hills. It used to be
sleepy here; it used to be horse farms. I remember looking at one of the new
houses 22 years ago. As I explored the heavy, sprawling concrete basement, the
agent said, "We think this would take a 40-megaton bomb." She meant it as a
serious selling point. We were near Langley.

The other night, the big houses were strung with glittering white Christmas
lights - not all different colors, as we do in other suburbs, but stately white
- and from the Georgetown Pike, heading toward Great Falls, we saw a house with
a big glass-walled living room that faced the street, and below it a
glass-walled entrance room, and each had its own brightly decorated tree. "Two
Christmas trees," murmured a companion, and it captured the air of prosperity
and solid well-being of the area.

It reminded me: Government is our most reliable current and future growth
industry, and the near suburbs of the capital are where those who run it, work
it, lobby it, feed off it and finagle it live. "You have to go farther out to
see the foreclosure signs," said a friend.

At a sparkling Christmas gathering of mostly Republicans, there was warmth,
laughter and a mild sense of confusion: "Are we still important?" A handsome
former senator, trimmed down and looking younger than he did in office, held
forth in the entryway, near a sunny US ambassador who was home for a few days.
The ambassador joked that while the country to which she's assigned has long
been peaceful, she still has a few weeks to go back and cause mayhem.

At such a gathering a month ago, there would have been some angry mutterings at
John McCain, but not now. He's come quietly back to the Senate, where one of his
colleagues told him of an amazing thing. The colleague had been touring the
young democracies of Eastern Europe during the American election, and he found
it wasn't so much Barack Obama that immediately knocked out observers but
McCain's concession speech. This is the first American transfer of power they'd
seen in eight years, and they couldn't get over the peacefulness and grace with
which McCain accepted the people's verdict. "It really impressed them," the
colleague told McCain, and later me. It gave them a template, a guide to how the
older democracies do it.

When he told me of this, I remembered the observation of a journalist who had
covered Russia. The Russian newspapers had generally played down Obama's
victory, she said, because it got in the way of the establishment line: that the
corrupt American democracy is composed of two warring family machines that have
the system wired and controlled with the help of their corporate oligarch
cronies. It's not a real democracy but a pretend democracy, and a hypocritical
one. This helps the Russians rationalize and excuse their infirm hold on
democratic ways and manners. And then the black man from Chicago with no
longtime machine or money is elected . . .

So the Russian press muted its coverage. Obama's victory upset their story line.
They have to think up a new one now. They will.

Back to the Christmas gathering. There was no grousing about John McCain, and
considerable grousing about the Bush administration, but it was almost always
followed by one sentence, and this is more or less what it was: "But he kept us
safe." In the seven years since 9/11, there were no further attacks on American
soil. This is an argument that's been around for a while but is newly
re-emerging as the final argument for Bush: the one big thing he had to do after
9/11, the single thing he absolutely had to do, was keep it from happening
again. And so far he has. It is unknown, and perhaps can't be known, whether
this was fully due to the government's efforts, or the luck of the draw, or a
combination of luck and effort.

But the meme will likely linger. There's a rough justice with the American
people. If a president presides over prosperity, whether he had anything to do
with it or not, he gets the credit. If he has a recession, he gets the blame.
The same with war, and terrorist attacks. We have not been attacked since 9/11.
Someone - someones - did something right.

But here is a jittery reality: We are living through the time of two presidents.
Or, if you choose to see it that way, the time of no president, with one on his
way in but not arrived, and the other on his way out and without full authority.
Histories will be written about this moment, and about the administration's work
with the presidentelect's office. But it is jittery because criminals calculate,
they look for opportunities and vulnerabilities. This is a delicate time, with a
transition of power, a profound economic crisis, and a nation feeling
demoralized around the edges.

We received a reminder of the gravity of the situation this week, with the
bipartisan congressional report saying the odds are high the world will see a
biological or nuclear terror attack in the next five years. It said, "America's
margin of safety is shrinking, not growing," and "the risk that radical
Islamists - al Qaeda or Taliban - may gain access to nuclear material is real."

Why does Congress prepare such reports? To inform, and to win support for new
plans. To show they are doing something. And to be able to say, in the event of
calamity - forgive my cynicism - that they warned us. This hasn't been the first
such report. It won't be the last. But it comes at a key moment for Obama,
because it gives him a certain amount of cover to be serious about what needs to
be done. What's at stake for him is two words. When Republicans say, in coming
years, "At least Bush kept us safe," Democrats will not want tacked onto the end
of that sentence, "unlike Obama."

By the way, he should both reorder the Department of Homeland Security, that
hopeless bureaucracy, and change its name. Homeland is a Nazi-ish word, not an
American concept at all. And at this point "Homeland Security" is associated
more with pointless harassment than safety. No one knows who came up with it.
Probably some guy with two Christmas trees in Northern Virginia.  From The Wall
Street Journal.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRESIDENT BUSH. (Bloomberg)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday

Adding to the Eh list;
Two more young Canadian models have the scouts lining up

BYLINE: DEBORAH FULSANG

SECTION: GLOBE STYLE; Pg. L5

LENGTH: 486 words


Sarra Neil's life is about to go from zero to 100.

The 18-year-old's mother knew her daughter was curious about modelling so
managed to finagle a bit part for her in the weekly promotional flyer for her
employer, an Ottawa-based Wal-Mart.

The makeup artist and photographer on the job were impressed with Neil. With
their encouragement, up packed the teenager, who by the way, has just finished
high school, with her boyfriend, Wal-Mart flyer in hand, and headed to Hogtown.

"When we saw her, our hearts were pounding," veteran model scout Elmer Olsen
said at last month's spring ready-to-wear staging of Joeffer Caoc, where Neil
made her runway debut. "I'm taking her to New York on the 28th and we've got
four agencies wanting to see her." (IMG Models, the New York-based agency that
reps fashion starlettes such as Liya Kebede and Kate Moss, flew into Toronto the
day after Caoc's show to be the first to meet with Neil.)

According to Olsen, who is known to have a sixth sense about these things, the
brunette, who is just shy of 5 foot 10, is destined for the big time. "Her face
is flawless," he says, "and she's very nice. She's the perfect canvas."

Grace Mahary is another newbie with Olsen's agency who made her debut at Fashion
Week. Her boss expects great things from her too. At 16 and 5-foot-11, the
willowy girl from Edmonton has shone on the pages of Wish and Elle Canada.

Luigi Carrubba, the fashion editor at Wish magazine, photographed Mahary for a
recent editorial. He calls her "a jewel in the rough. So languid, with beautiful
big eyes."

Olsen says Neil, and maybe Mahary, have a solid chance to follow in the
footsteps of last year's star, Madeleine Berrevoets. Apparently that 16-year-old
had never stepped into a stiletto before setting foot on the fall 2005 runways
of Toronto Fashion Week. Then kaboom. Berrevoets stormed through last month's
spring 2006 ready-to-wear schedule with an impressive roster of 22 shows, among
them A-list houses such as Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, Givenchy and Chloe.

Makeup artist Simone Otis worked with Neil on her first editorial with Wedding
Bells. "Sarra's not afraid or self-conscious in any way," she says. "With some
young models, you give them tips and they look so stiff, like a deer caught in
the headlights. Sarra listens and just does it. She's got the modelling gene.
It's like an athlete, they take it in and execute so naturally."

Neil is pretty level-headed, though. "I've thought about modelling because
people have always said you're so tall and skinny, and I want to travel too,"
she said. "But my mom says just to enjoy it. Not to get too let down."

Neil's mother, Bernadette Niefer, stood shyly in the second row to watch Sarra's
debut. "She's very excited," she said of her middle child of five. "I think
she's finally realizing this is happening. I made her promise that the first
time she shows in Paris, she has to fly me over."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                 September 24, 2003 Wednesday National Edition

Ben Affleck set to star opposite Bollywood babe

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: Jason Chow

SECTION: Arts & Life; Pop Goes the World; Pg. AL03

LENGTH: 332 words

Should Ben Affleck's on-again-off-again relationship with Jennifer Lopez ever
decisively end, there's an ideal replacement waiting for him in India. Her name
is Rani Mukerji, and The Times of India reported last week the Bollywood actress
may star with Affleck in a new crosscultural romantic comedy called Bombay
California. According to director Dev Benegal, both Affleck and Ethan Hawke have
been approached to make the film, but it is likely Affleck will star along with
Rani, as she's known to her fans. It won't be hard for Affleck to outdo his last
romantic comedy, Gigli, which vanished off most movie screens after just one
week. However, what we do know of the new movie doesn't sound too promising. The
movie's three lead characters: Affleck, Rani and "an Ambassador car." Rani, a
25-year-old Bengali babe, has been in more than 20 Indian films over her
six-year career, many of them also bombs, but she was acclaimed for her lead
role in last year's Saathiya, a romantic comedy in which she plays a medical
student who falls in love with a poor working-class bloke. After the success of
the ethnic crossover comedies Bollywood/Hollywood and Bend It Like Beckham,
there was bound to be some further convergence between the world's two largest
film industries. Already, Baywatch star Brande Rodericks played opposite Indian
actor Ritesh Deshmukh in a soon-to-be-released movie titled Out of Control, in
which Deshmukh plays an Indian youth caught between having an Indian and
American bride. Also, Indian actress Aishwarya Rai filmed a movie this summer
with Joaquin Phoenix called Bride & Prejudice. As for Rani, she's excited about
working with Affleck, and is even hoping she can finagle a meeting with his
perpetual fiancee. "She can keep Ben," she laughed. "I only want one thing from
him: I want to meet J.Lo. I am a big fan." Given that Affleck has a history of
striking up relationships on film sets, this might just be the beginning of an
international love triangle.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Ben Affleck.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 23, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

10 great places to see the stars come out

BYLINE: Ron Schoolmeester

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 943 words


The Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles will be jammed with celebrities Sunday night
for the invitation-only Oscars. But where can we expect to see some of those
stars unwind -- whether on Oscar night or any other night, in L.A. or elsewhere
across the USA? Tara de Lis, nightlife editor for Citysearch.com, lists favorite
celeb watering holes for Ron Schoolmeester and USA TODAY.

Tao

New York

Nearly six years after becoming a household name on Sex and the City, this Asian
fusion eatery-cum-sizzling nightspot is still a no-brainer for celeb spotting,
de Lis says. "Though it's technically a restaurant, the bar scene is just as
important, and after 10 p.m., it's hard to tell the difference." Don't let the
16-foot Buddha mislead you. "Tranquility does not reign supreme," de Lis says.
"It's loud, and last-minute tables can be difficult to finagle." Spotted: Robert
De Niro, Anthony Hopkins, Tom Cruise and Mary-Kate Olsen. 212-888-2288;
taorestaurant.com

Polo Lounge

Los Angeles

This place "is an L.A. institution. It's a class act -- no guest list, no
attitude," de Lis says. "And unlike many bar scenes that don't get going till
after 10 p.m., it's open throughout the day for midweek power lunches and
weekend brunches. So your chances of seeing a star is always high." Spotted:
Nicole Kidman, Will Smith, Tom Hanks and Reese Witherspoon. 310-887-2777;
www.thebeverlyhillshotel.com/restaurants_bars/polo_lounge.html

Mansion

Miami Beach

"True to its name, this expansive, 40,000-square-foot concept club features a
Robin Leach-meets-South Beach party vibe -- design elements include crystal
chandeliers, Venetian-glass mirrors and impressive dance-floor laser lights," de
Lis says. "A custom-designed sound system carves heavy hip-hop and electronic
beats for crowds ranging from the Winter Music Conference to the annual White
Party." Table reservations start at $200. Spotted: Beyonce Knowles, Jay-Z,
Adrien Brody and Paris Hilton. 305-532-1525; theopiumgroup.com/index2.html

Jerome Bar

Aspen

The Hotel Jerome's famous watering hole is a charming Old West-style saloon
that, since opening in 1889, has been everything from silver miners' haven to
celeb-studded apres-ski retreat. "There's a saying in town that 'if you haven't
been to J-Bar, you haven't been to Aspen,'" de Lis says. Spotted: Sylvester
Stallone, Uma Thurman, Johnny Depp and Sean Penn. 800-253-3114;
hoteljerome.com/sitepages/pid47.php

Playboy Club

Las Vegas

This club, on the 52nd floor of the Fantasy Tower of the Palms resort, sets
itself apart from others in Vegas in that celebs are not tucked away in VIP
rooms. "The retro factor is big. Most patrons never experienced Hef's originals
-- not that they'll care after seeing the sexy new Roberto Cavalli-designed
Bunny outfits," de Lis says. "Plus, there are high-stakes gaming tables. Getting
in isn't easy or cheap ($40 on weekends), but here's the trick: Pay your cover
at 8 p.m., get a re-entry stamp, then dine at Nove Italiano, one floor below.
Afterward, take the dedicated elevator back up to the 52nd floor, skipping the
line -- and get access to Moon after-hours lounge." Spotted: Luke Wilson,
Jessica Biel, Kid Rock and David Spade. 702-942-6900; www
.palms.com/playboy_club_1.php

Marquee

New York

"It's not a question of who has been there, but who hasn't," de Lis says. "With
a capacity of only 600 people and a tight door policy, your best bet is to get
there early, dress to impress, and/or opt for bottle service (usually a
three-bottle minimum on weekends)." Spotted: Leonardo DiCaprio, Scarlett
Johansson, Cameron Diaz and Matt Damon. 646- 473-0202; marqueeny.com

Area

Los Angeles

SBE Entertainment's Sam Nazarian is the hottest nightlife impresario in L.A., de
Lis says. "He builds it, and celebs come. Six months later, he rebuilds it, and
they come back. When once-hot nightspot Prey began to loose steam, he redesigned
it to create Area, a lighter, more open lounge-y space with an expanded dance
floor." The club often hosts A-list parties; keep an eye out for promoted nights
and get there early. Spotted: Orlando Bloom, Lindsay Lohan, Justin Timberlake,
Britney Spears. 310-652-2012; sbeent.com

Redwood Room

San Francisco

Sometimes derided by locals as being "too L.A.," the Clift Hotel's trendy
Redwood Bar is equal parts glamour and whimsy -- and a mainstay for celebrity
sightings, de Lis says. "First-timers can't get enough of the signature wall
portraits, with eyes that seem to follow you around the room a la Scooby-Doo."
Hotel guests are given preferential entry. Spotted: Kiefer Sutherland, Kate
Bosworth and Salma Hayek. 415-929-2372; clifthotel
.com/clift_hotel_redwood_room.asp

NoMI Lounge

Chicago

The NoMI Lounge is a low-key space adjacent to the Park Hyatt's acclaimed
restaurant of the same name. "For many, it's a nice pre-dinner drink spot; for
others it's a destination in its own right," de Lis says. Located on the seventh
floor, the lounge also offers spectacular views, she adds. "Best of all, no
cover charge, no unruly crowds or queues." Spotted: Vince Vaughn, Penelope Cruz,
Jamie Foxx, David Schwimmer, Jennifer Aniston. 312-239-4030;
nomirestaurant.com/gallery/nomi/setting/lounge.html

Antone's

Austin

This is where Stevie Ray Vaughn launched his career and where thousands of bands
hope to do the same every year at the annual South by Southwest Music Festival.
Named after late owner and legendary bluesman Clifford Antone, the venue has
hosted late-night jam sessions with everyone from Bonnie Raitt to U2, de Lis
says. "It's a down-home, laid-back joint with a fun crowd of serious music
lovers of all ages." Spotted: Ben Affleck, Matthew McConaughey, Sandra Bullock
and Bruce Willis. 512-320-8424; antones.net

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Nikolas Koenig
PHOTO, B/W, Steve Spatafore, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       April 4, 1999, Sunday Home Edition

Zzzz: Time change befuddles drivers

BYLINE: Diane Lore, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 192 words

It's daylight-saving time time, so beware of bleary road warriors this week.

Many drivers will still be adjusting to the loss of sleep due to the "
spring-forward" time change that happened at 2 a.m. today --- and that has
traditionally led to more car wrecks, said a local sleep expert.

The reason is that many residents will be at higher risk for "micro-sleep"
episodes, where they doze off for a few seconds, said Dr. Russell Rosenberg of
the Northside Hospital Sleep Disorders Center. And that means they're not as
aware of their surroundings and have a much slower reaction time.

The problem is especially acute in metro Atlanta, where workers have the longest
average commute in the nation.

A recent survey conducted by the National Sleep Foundation found that 23 percent
of adults reported falling asleep at the wheel.

To be ready to hit the highways on Monday, Rosenberg suggests that drivers:

Take a nap this afternoon or go to bed at least an hour earlier.

Try to finagle another half hour of sleep on Monday morning.

Be extra careful on the highways between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m., when the body hits a
daily ebb in energy.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo :
Spring Forward
Daylight-saving time began at 2 o'clock this morning. Make sure your clocks have
been set ahead one hour.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 26, 2005 Saturday

Pitt students forge goodwill in Africa

BYLINE: Violet Law

LENGTH: 585 words


It was supposed to have been a relaxing, seafaring semester for Brandon Cohen
and Tom Silverman.

But what the University of Pittsburgh students witnessed caused them to help
create a humanitarian enterprise to assist refugees living in East African
refugee camps.

The pair, along with 20 students from other schools on an ocean liner for Pitt's
Semester at Sea program, found thousands of people fleeing ethnic strife and
political upheavals, marooned in camps. The refugees are disconnected not just
from their homelands, but from the rest of the world.

"At the time we were idealistic. We saw this problem and wanted to address it,"
said Cohen, 22, of Greenfield.

The students realized that besides immediate material aid, refugees needed to be
educated to control their destiny once they return home or are resettled
elsewhere.

So, in 2003, when a Stanford student from California, Kjerstin Erickson,
established a nonprofit organization, FORGE -- Facilitating Opportunities for
Refugee Growth & Empowerment -- Cohen and Silverman immediately signed on as
founding members.

An important aspect of the program is that the students listen to the refugees'
wishes and try to meet them. "We don't decide what they want," said Cohen.

When Angolan refugees in a camp in Zambia expressed a yen for books, Silverman
coordinated a shipment of 20,000 books from a donor in Minnesota in 2004. He
located a block building near the campsite to house the library and shield its
holdings from the elements.

He even managed to finagle some furnishings. Refugees who never before leafed
through a book now stream into the library. Most of them read English because
they grew up in a British colony.

But the empowerment goes both ways. Cohen, who plans a return to Africa next
summer and has been active in recruiting others for the program, said his
experience taught him that "young people can have a profound effect on other
places and other people."

Members are responsible for paying for their transportation and lodging. The
program mandates that at least one-quarter of the money they raise goes toward
supporting the refugees. In its first full year of operation last year, 22
student members raised more than $80,000 to launch projects in three refugee
camps.

Earlier this year, FORGE began training students and refugees to lobby
government officials about the refugees' plight. Karen Frost-Arnold, a doctoral
candidate in philosophy at Pitt, is in charge of this new effort.

FORGE's members also make sure the projects they initiate are turned over to
humanitarian groups or other nongovernmental organizations that can sustain
them.

Taku Ohkawa, 23, on a leave from Pitt, is spending a year at the Kala Refugee
Camp in Zambia to man the "friendly corners" -- private places inside the camp
where refugees get counseling on AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.

Even though Ohkawa pounds dirt roads and is dogged by malnourished children
every day, he feels at home.

"I think the one most important thing I've come to realize is that they are not
so different from me. They're simply ordinary people in extraordinary
circumstances," said Ohkawa, of Oakland.

"If they had lived where I had lived and learned what I have learned, had the
same opportunities and experienced the same pressures of society that I have,
they would be just like me," he said in an e-mail from Zambia. "I guess this
goes hand-in-hand with what motivates me to keep going.

"In fact, it's their resilience that inspires me the most."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

Local developer facing additional felony charges

BYLINE: Kari C. Barlow, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Feb. 15--Local developer Stephen Alford is facing additional felony charges in a
suspected real estate scam, according to an Okaloosa County arrest report.

The 57-year-old Alford, who is currently in the Okaloosa County Jail, has been
charged with five counts of fraud to obtain property and five counts of forgery
of a public record.

The charges stem from an investigation that culminated in a search warrant
executed Aug. 6, 2015, at Alford's condominium. At that time, Alford was charged
for his alleged efforts to finagle $6 million profit out of a $7 million deal to
purchase North Light Marina in Niceville.

The new charges were filed in connection with the same land deal. Investigators
found "numerous documents" -- both digital emails drafted on Alford's Macbook
laptop and hard copies of letters -- and other evidence that Alford sent to
several people to "authenticate his financial wherewithal ... to negotiate a
multimillion dollar business investment," the arrest report said.

The suspected scam is being investigated by the Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

In 2006, Alford was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for his role in an
attempt to sell gulf-front property on Okaloosa Island that is owned by the U.S.
Air Force. Three years later, in 2009, he was sentenced to five years in a state
court on charges of theft and money laundering. That sentence ran concurrently
with his federal sentence.

Alford's next court appearance is scheduled for March 28.

___ (c)2016 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160215-FO-Local-developer-facing-additional-felony-charges-0215-20160215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2016 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Kirkus Reviews (Print)

                          November 15, 2014, Saturday

CATCH A FALLING HEIRESS

SECTION: FICTION; Romance

LENGTH: 302  words


An impoverished English aristocrat is determined to protect an American heiress
from an unscrupulous fortune hunter but, in doing so, compromises her himself,
then finds he's falling for her-even though she won't give him the time of
day.Having set an elaborate trap intended to cause a New York villain to show
his true colors, the Earl of Featherstone is appalled when the blackguard tries
to save himself by convincing heiress Linnet Holland to marry him. Stepping in
to prevent that, Jack kisses her, thus shredding her reputation and obliging him
to propose marriage to her, a suit she refuses. Deciding he's the last man on
Earth she'd marry, and convinced he's a fortune hunter himself, Linnet sets sail
for England to try to get a jump on the scandal and find a husband across the
pond.

Unfortunately for her, after that kiss, Jack has decided she's the wife for him,
and when her father offers him a financial incentive beyond her dowry, he
becomes more resolved. Following her back to England, Jack finagles his way to a
house party she's attending and devotes himself to wooing her. The courting
starts off horrendously but quickly moves into mutual interest until Linnet
discovers Jack's agreement with her father and concludes he can't be trusted.
Guhrke pens an intelligent and moving romance full of distrust and
misunderstanding between two headstrong characters who are trying to find
happiness against the odds. The unusual social backdrop of New York's Gilded Age
adds an interesting dimension to a story that hinges on a number of intriguing
financial elements. A sexy, smart romance with a unique arc that's enhanced by
its upper-class old New York social setting.

Publication Date: 2015-01-27

Publisher: Avon/HarperCollins

Stage: Adult

ISBN: 978-0-06-233465-7

Price: $7.99

Author: Guhrke, Laura Lee

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: VIEWS & NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 813 words


So people are angered over the killings of innocent children in Newtown and
other places around the USA? Well, I am angered over the judicial system, which
continues to let these leeches on society finagle a way out of serving life in
prison or even getting the death penalty after they killed some innocent person
they did not like or wanted to rob.

I lost a very dear friend 10 years ago, just a couple of days before Christmas,
to an ex-convict who came to rob him as he was closing his office. Jerry was an
excellent marksman and a veteran. The killer, who was let out of prison just the
day before so he could be with his family, had gone on the streets of Tampa and
obtained a gun to force his way of life on someone who knew how to shoot and
kill. But in the exchange of gunfire the low-life got one shot into Jerry before
Jerry pumped him with enough bullets to take him and his 17-page rap sheet out
so he would never be a bother to society again. The horror of this is that Jerry
died, too, protecting his co-worker.

And one morning last week I read where an ex-convict ambushed and set fire to a
car and a home!

You want gun control? I want full justice serviced. I say vote for legislators
who believe in inmates serving the full time in prison and quit treating them
like it is our fault that they are like they are. Take up for the victims of
crime and maybe even go back to old "Sparky" for executions. And quit spending
our tax money on lawyers for those long-drawn-out appeals.

Richard Broye

Tampa

It begins in the home

I appreciated your Christmas editorials, especially on Jesus ("The Christmas
miracle," Our Views) and the letter by Dale F. Gruver of Tampa ("Restore
families," Your Views).

More laws will not make our nation safe. Neither will placing guns in the hands
of those who have no moral sense of the dignity of human life. The bureaucracies
created to enforce laws display the dysfunction inherent in large agencies, and
sometimes abuse their authority to the point of harm to innocent persons. As for
armed persons who act without conscience, the results have too often appeared on
the front page of your newspaper.

Firearms are tools many use for recreation and defense of our persons, our homes
and, if need be, our country. Teaching the proper use of a firearm remains the
responsibility of parents, family elders and community leaders. Without the
support of experienced adults, children will turn to questionable means to learn
the nature of small arms. Gun use, in this respect, resembles any other human
behavior.

Gun control begins in the home, not in Washington. Perhaps if we allow the
influence of our Lord a bit more in our homes and communities, then we might
hear more stories of successful hunts, tighter groups on targets and more busted
clays, and less stories of murder and mayhem.

Peter Neuhofer

Dade City

Sad day in Florida

I was both shocked and saddened to learn of Bill McBride's untimely death.
Indeed, it's a sad day in Florida when the state loses one of its own. By all
appearances, McBride was easy to like, with his winsome smile. I voted for
McBride when he ran against Gov. Jeb Bush in 2002 and was disappointed in his
loss. There's no doubt in my mind he would have been an excellent governor. My
deepest condolences to McBride's family.

JoAnn Lee Frank

Clearwater

Remember Beirut

The writer of the letter "Military service counts" (Your Views, Dec. 26) blamed
the lack of military service by President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton for the loss of four Americans in Benghazi. He states this never would
have happened during the administration of President Ronald Reagan because
Reagan and Secretary of State Alexander Haig had military experience.

Apparently, the writer was not around in 1983. That April, the American embassy
in Beirut was bombed, with the loss of 46 lives. Despite this attack, no action
was taken to protect the nearby U.S. Marine barracks.

On Oct. 23, 1983, 241 American servicemen were killed, most in their beds, when
a truck bomb destroyed that building. The meager fence around the building was
unfortified, and the sentries' weapons were carried unloaded.

Two hundred and twenty of the dead were Marines -- the deadliest one-day loss
for the corps since the Battle of Iwo Jima in 1945. Reagan was president. Haig
had left office, but it was he who, upon the assassination attempt on Reagan in
1981, had proclaimed from the White House that "I am in charge here," not
knowing that an amendment to the Constitution left the secretary of state no
longer next in the traditional line of succession after the vice president. And
by the way, civilian supremacy over military action is a cornerstone of our
republic.

Jerome O'Connell

Sun City Center

The writer is a retired U.S. Navy captain.

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Economy, N.J. budget top issues in governor's race

BYLINE: By Cynthia Burton; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 804 words


New Jersey gubernatorial candidates can forget about gimmicks and sound bites
when talking about the economy and state budget, the biggest issues in the 2009
race.

Even though both parties have well-known candidates - including Democratic Gov.
Corzine and Republican Christopher Christie, the former U.S. attorney -
political analysts say times are too tough for name recognition and television
ads to win the day by themselves.

They say voters will be paying close attention to candidates' solutions for the
state's economic problems.

"Things have gotten so bad, people don't want to hear the platitudes anymore,"
Rider University political scientist Ben Dworkin said. "They want specifics.
Candidates can't just finagle their way around this with rhetoric."

Christie, who faces a crowded primary field, will have to establish that he can
handle economic issues; for now, he is best-known as a corruption-fighting
prosecutor.

"A lot of what he'll have to do is introduce himself to voters and demonstrate
he's up to the task," said Joseph Marbach, a Seton Hall University political
scientist.

Corzine is a former Wall Street executive, but his task is to build a case that
he has done a good job guiding the state through a grim economy.

While he and Christie have slightly different challenges, both face the same
cranky electorate.

"No one's in a good mood," said State Sen. Stephen Sweeney (D., Gloucester).
"You think about all the people losing their jobs. Friends are gone from work,
and anyone left is hanging by a thread."

"There's no knight riding in on a white horse here," said Patrick Murray,
director of Monmouth University's Polling Institute. "The economy is just too
bad. There's no one who has the kind of message that is going to spark interest
in this election, so the candidates really need to rely on their bases to get
that vote."

All this points to a contest that could be far more complex for candidates than
any other New Jersey governor's race in recent years.

Corzine's opponents will dissect every one of his moves on the budget and
economy.

Democrats, meanwhile, won't let Republicans get away with lobbing the familiar
lines about spending and tax cuts, analysts say.

Both Democrats and Republicans say they are looking forward to the debate - for
different reasons, of course.

"Attention to the budget is welcome at any time, but certainly welcome in the
campaign because this governor has changed the entire culture of how the budget
is adopted," said Democratic Party chairman Joseph Cryan, a Union County
assemblyman.

Cryan cited the elimination of political grants known as "Christmas-tree items"
and one-shot spending reductions and revenue boosts.

Republicans begged to differ.

Senate Minority Leader Thomas H. Kean Jr., (R., Union) said that during the
Corzine years, spending and taxes had increased with borrowing, a burden to be
shouldered by future generations.

"People in New Jersey aren't feeling New Jersey is any more affordable," Kean
said. "In fact, it is less affordable."

Republicans will try to focus that angst on Corzine, who "will be doing more
budget cutting than ribbon cutting this spring," Marbach said. "That will give
the Republicans a chance to hammer him and his administration."

But Corzine will have the opportunity to showcase his budget trims and stimulus
packages, which provided help to people struggling with mortgages, fuel costs
and hunger, Democrats said.

Already there are comparisons to the final months of the 2008 presidential
election, when Republican Sen. John McCain suffered with the economy against
Democratic Sen. Barack Obama.

"The national race was more focused on how we as a nation lead ourselves out of
a recession," said Assemblywoman Caroline Casagrande (R., Monmouth). The
question in the governor's race and races for all 80 Assembly seats, she said,
will be: "How does the State of New Jersey get out of the pockets of our
taxpayers?"

This month, Corzine started spreading the pain, calling for more than $800
million in state budget cuts, with more to come. Republicans said he hadn't gone
far enough.

The cuts range from a call for a wage freeze to a halt in renovations at an
insect laboratory. The administration has even circled cuts at small agencies
such as the Holocaust Commission and Italian-American Heritage Commission. Trims
in programs such as needle exchanges for drug addicts and layoffs of doctors at
psychiatric hospitals are in the works.

Among other things, Republicans are calling for a 10 percent wage cut for
legislators, cutbacks in court-ordered school funding, and a ban on buying gas
guzzlers for the state fleet.

These exchanges are expected to continue until voters figure out whom they trust
to fix the state's economy.

Contact staff writer Cynthia Burton at 856-779-3858 or cburton@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                August 16, 2002 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Toms frustrated after marquee pairing

BYLINE: BOB HARIG

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: CHASKA, Minn.


For a major champion, it was a major admission: "I'm not in their league."

The speaker was David Toms, defender at the PGA Championship and ranked sixth in
the world, fifth on the PGA Tour money list.

He was talking about No. 1 Tiger Woods and No. 3 Ernie Els, winners of this
year's majors and the players he was paired with for Thursday's first round.

"I'm not saying there won't be weeks when I can't jump up and beat them," Toms
said after shooting 77 at Hazeltine National Golf Club. "But I can't compete
week in and week out with those guys."

Toms used the 14th hole, a 204-yard par 3, as an example.

"Those guys are hitting 6- and 7-irons straight up in the air," he said. "I'm
trying to finagle a 4-iron and run it up there. I'm not in their league. That's
the absolute truth.

"Let's just say it was deflating at times. I mean, it's hard to compete against
them. If they're hitting three less clubs than me into greens, who's got the
better chance? It really shows up in the majors, when the courses get hard and
tough. That's why they're always there."

TROUBLE WITH THE WOODS: Woods had his struggles, too. A faulty driver gave him
fits. He shot 71, far better than you would have guessed for all the trouble he
had with what usually is his best club. He was three shots behind clubhouse
leaders Jim Furyk and Fred Funk.

The driver found the fairway two of the seven times Woods swung it.

"It wasn't very good," said Woods, who had three birdies and two bogeys. "It was
frustrating, because I felt good over the shots. No matter what I tried to do
with that club, I just seemed to get out of rhythm. I got the club stuck behind
me, and I would flit left or hang on it and hit it right."

Woods, who won the Buick Open on Sunday for his 33rd tour title, said the rest
of his game was good, and he had a lengthy practice session in mind.

"I know what I'm doing wrong in the swing," he said. "It's just a matter of
trusting it and getting the (practice) reps in, which I'll do. My backswing was
off. When that gets off, either I get defensive and hit it left or I get
defensive and hit it right. I can't really let it go from where I'm at."

TAKING PRECAUTIONS: When the horn blew to signal the weather delay, there was
barely a drop of rain falling. It didn't matter. Players and spectators scurried
from the course. There was lightning in the area, and nobody was going to take
any chances.

That lesson was learned the hard way at Hazeltine. At the 1991 U.S. Open played
here, a spectator was killed and several were injured when a storm blew over the
course in the first round.

After the siren sounded at 8:37 a.m. Thursday, rain eventually fell, delaying
play until 11:30 a.m.

SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT: Els had the entire rain delay to think about his ball
being in a divot. The British Open champion hit his opening tee shot, then the
horn sounded. He knew he'd be playing his second from a tough spot, but after
hitting short of the green Els chipped in for birdie.

"When the chip shot went in the hole I felt pretty happy and relieved," Els said
of his 72. "I'm a little disappointed in my finish, but it was a pretty good
day."

SMELLING LIKE A :England's Justin Rose played his first round in the United
States as a professional. Rose, 22, who finished fourth at the 1998 British Open
in his last event as an amateur before struggling after turning pro, has won
four times this year on three continents. He has risen to 39th in the world
ranking. "It makes you realize how much progress I've made this year," Rose
said. "I am happy with my start, and my name is on the leaderboard."

GOING FOR THE GREEN: The purse for the PGA Championship was announced at
$5.5-million, an increase of $300,000. The winner receives $990,000, $54,000
more than Toms won last year. But it is less than at the other three majors,
each of which paid $1-million or more for winning this year. Still, the PGA has
increased its purse every year since 1992.

- BOB HARIG

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; David Toms

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

Country race results

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 319  words

MILES

 Track: Good (3)

1._ CLASS 2 HANDICAP, 1500m:8.00 MAYALBE (ch g 5y Magic Albert - Schmick.
Trainer: M A Kropp) 55 carr 51 (Bridget Floyd) 1, 4.40 COBBANVILLA 59 (Leeanne
Mc Coy) 2, 8.00 CORONADO 55 (W D O'Connell) 3. Then followed: 8.00 Miss
Chancesxaar 26.00 Impending Storm 11.00 Skystep 6.00 Bastion Point 13.00
Fortuitous Blade 7.00 Waasies Shadow 3.00 fav Ocean Sunset. Â½ nk, 2Â½ lens.
Time: 1:34.83 (hand timed).

2._ CLASS B HANDICAP, 1200m: 3.60 fav SANDY VIEW (ch f 3y Frisco View (USA) -
Sandy Shore. Trainer: K Waller) 59 (C Maund) 1, 5.00 FINAGLE 58.5 (S Apthorpe)
2, 6.00 FREEKEH 55 carr 51 (Bridget Floyd) 3. Then followed: 15.00 Resonating
6.00 Skyield 13.00 Anabird 10.00 Warrior Della Sera 10.00 Ohio Babe 21.00
Locheil Lad 10.00 No Other Way 15.00 Pamalino. Sh hd, sh hd. Time: 1:14.01
(h-t).

3._ OPEN HANDICAP, 1200m:4.40 TETRA (b g 7y Moon Rocket (JPN) - Tops The Lot.
Trainer: H R Richardson) 55 (J Mc Kinnon) 1, 8.00 RATTLE 'N' RUN 58.5 (David
Rewald) 2, 4.40 I'LL RULE 59 carr 55 (Bridget Floyd) 3. Then followed: 15.00
Leica Lion 2.60 fav Kamadiva 8.00 Johnny Aucash 16.00 Step Forward. 2Â¼ lens,
hd. Time: 1:13.19 (h-t).

4._ MAIDEN PLATE, 1050m:2.60 fav MOUNT MORGAN (b g 4y Tycoon Ruler - Tambra.
Trainer: M A Kropp) 58.5 carr 54.5 (BridgetFloyd) 1, 4.00 REALEE 56.5 (S
Apthorpe) 2, 4.40 MISS TIPPI 55.5 (Leeanne Mc Coy) 3. Then followed: 7.50 More
Than Curly 15.00 Fittipaldi 8.00 Carry The Present 7.00 Len's Joy 11.00 Bangalay
15.00 Sea Bandette. 3/4 len, nk. Time: 1:04.42 (h-t).

5._ CLASS 4 HANDICAP, 1050m: 2.60 fav CANADIAN JOY (gr g 5y Canadian Silver
(CAN) - Real Joy. Trainer: Patrick Sexton) 57 carr 53 (Ms T Serjeant) 1, 9.00
CRAIGLEA PURSUIT 59 (David Rewald) 2, 3.50 THE REGAL ONE 56 carr 53 (Joshua
King) 3. Then followed: 9.00 Cheque For Freedom 5.00 Little Zachary 5.00
Stallone 11.00 Balboa Star 11.00 Frisco Affair 8.00 Fine Connection. 5-1/2 len,
nse. Time: 1:03.27 (h-t).

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 8, 2004 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

When big biz meets show biz, Branson and Trump find their inner huckster;
JUST MANAGING

BYLINE: LEON GETTLER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 895 words


THE battle between Donald Trump and Sir Richard Branson shows how much big
business has in common with show biz. Business history has always had its
moments of brazen self-promotion, but never as much as now.

But then, maybe it is just a return to the "good bad old days" of hucksterism,
or what Professor Stephen Brown from the University of Ulster calls
"retromarketing".

According to Brown, the best marketing mavens torment their customers - and
their customers love it. They heighten expectations by limiting a product's
availability, they steep it in mystery and intrigue, then throw in a few
surprises, make it entertaining, even resort to some tricks to keep 'em
guessing.

Retromarketing, Brown said, "replaces the Seven S's with seven veils. Its five
forces are flim, flam, flirt, fiddle and finagle. Its Four P's are perturb,
puzzle, perplex and perhaps. Its Three C's are chafe, chide and chortle. It puts
the mark into marketing, the con into concept, the cuss into customers. It's a
marketing philosophy for a retro-besotted world. It's tried and true. It's the
greatest show on earth."

It's an approach that sums up the Trump and Branson shows to a tee.

It explains why the show The Apprentice can attract 16 million viewers in the
US, so far outdoing Branson's Rebel Billionaire, when Trump Hotels & Casino
Resorts has filed for bankruptcy. It shows why his latest book Trump: How To Get
Rich is on best-seller lists across the US.

Sure, America's like that. But reality TV is the natural culmination of business
as show business: where there are no stars, you create them and you get
performers who are only famous for being famous.

Now, few would have heard about W. Edwards Deming, the architect of Japan's
phenomenal post-war industrial success who transformed the Japanese and world
economy.

For that matter, few would know about the legacy of Alfred Sloan, the long-time
president and chairman of General Motors who invented the modern corporation,
the multi-divisional company divided into semi-autonomous operating divisions,
with each responsible for maintaining the market share and profit of a single
business and reporting back to head office.

The same can't be said about Branson or Trump; there's nothing quiet about them.
Branson's show positions him as the polar opposite of Trump: part-enthusiastic
participant riding in balloons and prop-planes and drinking champagne with
contestants and part-mythic figure, a combination of Alexander The Great ("10
countries, five continents, the world") and James Bond ("The name is Branson . .
. Sir Richard Branson").

Unlike Trump, whose fortune was built largely on real estate, Branson's Virgin
Group comprises 300-plus companies. Apart from the group's travel operations led
by Virgin Atlantic and its low-fare European and Australian clones, Virgin
Express and Virgin Blue, there are Virgin megastores selling videos, music and
computer games.

Other operations include mobile phone services, rail franchises, balloon
flights, financial services, publishing, cosmetics, bridal wear, package tours.
Even duds such as Virgin Cola and Virgin Vodka have an upside - they allow
Branson to sell himself as a risk-taker.

Put another way, Trump's business is built around vertical structures of
buildings and book-writing. Branson's are amorphous.

But Branson's sprawling and highly decentralised business model comes down to
one man, and the boss represents the brand (the nearest equivalent in Australia
would be Gerry Harvey and, to a lesser extent, Dick Smith).

Branson's foray into America coincides with his push into the brutally
competitive United States airline market, where discount carriers such as
Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways already have a 22 per cent market share,
where cheap fares have filled seats but drained profits and have helped put
three big airlines into bankruptcy protection.

It will be the biggest test of the Virgin brand yet. As JetBlue chief executive
David G. Neeleman told Business Weekly earlier this year: "This is not Australia
with Ansett going out of business. This is hand-to-hand combat over here."

This is why Branson's show comes down to a big plug for Virgin America, taking
every opportunity to flash the Virgin logo, get the competitors to emulate the
Branson bravado and derring-do and take pot-shots at competitors such as United
Airlines and, of course, Trump.

Said Richard Speed, the ANZ professor of strategic marketing at Melbourne
Business School: "From a corporate point of view, the PR you get from Branson
doing something stupid means their advertising bucks are saved."

But, as Martha Stewart learned, hanging it all on one person has its risks. "The
problem with Martha Stewart was that she was the PR and sole content provider.
It works fine until you run into the problem where the image you have is
suddenly different from the one you have been presenting," Speed said.

A good point. Trouble is, how much inconsistency do you need before it becomes a
problem? Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is now reported to be negotiating a
syndicated show hosted by the Queen of Whitebread Living who was convicted for
obstructing justice by lying about a share deal. Another piece of reality TV
brought to us by Trump's producer Mark Burnett.

Professor Brown might well say it's another case of mavens getting in touch with
their inner huckster.

lgettler@theage.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: Self-promoting retromarketers Richard Branson, left, and
Donald Trump.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

Why 'Baby Doc' Jean-Claude Duvalier returned to Haiti: 5 theories;
Did 'Baby Doc' Jean-Claude Duvalier unexpectedly return to merely 'see his
family,' as his lawyer maintains? Or was it a maneuver to finagle $6.2 million
from his frozen Swiss account?

BYLINE: Alice Speri and Ezra Fieser Correspondents

LENGTH: 1336 words


Jean-Claude "Baby Doc" Duvalier's surprise return to Haiti after nearly 25 years
has baffled observers and spurred dueling theories over why the former dictator
returned now.

What could have motivated Mr. Duvalier to walk into a hornet's nest? While no
one outside Duvalier and his circle know for sure, observers speculate that it
could be anything from his ailing finances to health problems or that he is a
pawn being used to divert attention from Haiti's protracted political situation.

"At this stage, we don't know why he would have come back. Maybe he was testing
the waters, planning to come for a few days and leave. We don't know," says
Susan Purcell, director of the Center for Hemispheric Policy at the University
of Miami. "What it has done is make murky waters in Haiti even murkier."

Theory 1: 'Duvalier came back to see Haiti'

Since his Air France flight touched down Sunday evening, Duvalier has not spoken
publicly about his motive for coming back to a country he ruled brutally for 15
years before fleeing in 1986 to France. But those close to him say his motives
were apolitical and he merely wants to help his country in his twilight years.

"Duvalier came back to Haiti, his country, to see his family and to be with his
people," said his attorney, Reynold Georges. Asked if Duvalier planned to return
to France, Mr. Georges today told reporters: "No, no, no. He is in his country.
As a matter of fact, he is repairing his house to stay."

Yet, a return to Haiti meant Duvalier, who purportedly stole hundreds of
millions in public money and oversaw the murders of thousands of Haitians, would
likely face charges for at least some of his alleged crimes. Back in 2007,
President René Préval told reporters that Duvalier could return but would have
to face justice.

That's exactly what happened Tuesday when a prosecutor formally filed corruption
and embezzlement charges. An investigating judge must now decide whether to
pursue the charges.

Theory 2: Visit necessary to access $6.2 million in Swiss account

One of the most logical reasons for Duvalier's return is financial. The riches
he accumulated by allegedly robbing the Haitian government have vanished,
leaving him with a modest life in a small apartment in Paris reportedly paid for
by loyal supporters.

But, of the hundreds of millions of dollars that he reportedly pilfered from
Haiti's state coffers, an estimated $6.2 million remains in a Swiss bank account
that has been frozen since 1986.

A Swiss law set to go into effect Feb. 1 - the law on returning illicit dictator
funds - will allow the Swiss government to return that money to the Haitian
people. Last May, the head of international law at the Swiss foreign ministry
told reporters that the Swiss government would likely apply the law to the
Duvalier funds.

There was a caveat: If Haitian authorities had the opportunity to capture and
prosecute Duvalier, the Swiss law could not be used. Hence, if Duvalier made a
brief appearance in Haiti - he had a return ticket for Thursday - he could go
back to France and claim the money.

"If he went to Haiti and was not prosecuted, he could have returned and said 'I
was there and they had their chance,' " says Reed Brody, counsel for Human
Rights Watch and a former prosecutor in Haiti. Duvalier "may have gone hoping
that he would not be detained and could come back to France and claim the $6.2
million."

Duvalier may have believed he would not be prosecuted because, in many ways, he
believes he did nothing wrong, says biographer Elizabeth Abbott, who chronicled
the rise and fall of Duvalier and his father, "Papa Doc," in a 1991 book.

Theory 3: Health problems sparked return

"I don't think he has any idea of the destruction he wrought," Ms. Abbott says.
"I'm sure he was thrilled to be back but he doesn't see that he did anything
that was wrong. He's said that he made a few mistakes."

Abbott says Duvalier appears physically weak and frail. Many who remember his
plump mustachioed face from before he fled in 1986 wonder whether health
problems prompted his return.

Mr. Georges, the attorney for Duvalier, in an interview Wednesday says he, too,
has heard that speculation. "I haven't spoken with him about that yet," he says.

Georges adds that the prosecutor's case is weak because a statute of limitations
expired while Duvalier was in France.

"The government is afraid and they tried to arrest him," he says, adding that
President Préval was trying to force him out of the country. "I myself was
arrested twice by Préval for the same reasons and they wanted me to leave the
country - because I talk too much."

Theory 4: France, US orchestrated return to pressure President Préval

Haitian, US, and French authorities have said they were unaware of Duvalier's
return until shortly before the flight landed after a stopover in Guadalupe. But
observers question how such a high-profile figure could have boarded a plane
without the blessing - and, possibly, the encouragement - of any of those
governments.

Ms. Abbott describes Duvalier as "somewhat not an autonomous person," whose
return to Port-au-Prince "had to have been orchestrated."

Eyes have immediately turned to the French and US governments, two of Haiti's
largest foreign donors. Foreign governments financed most of the $29 million
election and vowed that it could take place fairly and freely. It has turned
into a mess.

The country is supposed to inaugurate a new president next month, but it has yet
to hold a second round of balloting. The first round on Nov. 28 ended in claims
of fraud and widespread irregularities. Election monitors have said it's
unlikely a second round of voting will be held before late February.

The Organization of American States (OAS) reviewed a sample of the votes and
produced a report that suggests the government candidate, Jude Célestin, should
be dropped to third place and, therefore, ineligible for the run-off vote. Law
professor Mirlande Manigat and singer Michel "Sweet Micky" Martelly would face
off in the vote.

Some speculate that the US and France sought to pressure Préval to accept the
OAS report by bringing back Duvalier, which could potentially signal that
international authorities would act unilaterally to see certain ends met.

"I don't think [Duvalier] would have been able to do it without permission from
France and the United States," says Mark Weisbrot, co-director of the Center for
Economic and Policy Research in Washington.

In a statement released late Tuesday, the country's provisional electoral
council said it would take the OAS recommendations into account, if necessary.

Theory 5: Préval engineered return to warn away Aristide

President Préval has not addressed the report's suggestions publicly, but
Haitian media has reported that he objects to its findings. "He's reportedly
been told that if he doesn't accept the OAS findings, he'll be forced into
exile," says Mr. Weisbrot.

Préval himself is also eyed as potentially being behind Duvalier's return. Such
would give Préval breathing room by distracting from the OAS report and also
help ward off the potential return of exiled former president Jean-Bertrand
Aristide, who is more popular than Duvalier and reportedly also mulling the
idea.

Indeed, Mr. Aristide said in a statement today: "To all those asking me to
return home, I reiterate my willingness to leave today, tomorrow, at any time.

Préval is known to be a shrewd political operator, as described by US Ambassador
Janet A. Sanderson in a 2009 diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks. "Given
Haiti's strong tradition of presidential rule, the blurred constitutional lines
of authority, and his own reluctance to delegate authority, I believe that
Préval - and only Préval - will continue to set the rhythm and scope of change
in Haiti," the ambassador wrote.

Amid all the speculating and back-and-forth between the OAS and the Haitian
government, "Baby Doc," a dictator who last stepped foot in the country 25 years
ago, has taken center stage.

(Editor's note: This article was updated after publication.)

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 19, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Also Playing A star ({sstar} ...

SECTION: Weekend; T51

LENGTH: 5186 words


Also Playing

A star ({sstar}) denotes a movie recommended by our critics.

{sstar} AKEELAH AND THE BEE

Akeelah Anderson (Keke Palmer) is smart, but her reward is the ridicule of her
South L.A. schoolmates. When she turns in another perfect spelling test, her
principal suggests she enter the district spelling bee. Observing all this is
Joshua Larabee (Laurence Fishburne), who cuts a mythic figure as the Teacher Who
Changed Everything. This funny, affecting tale pays homage not just to one young
person's determination and character but to all those parents, teachers and
guardian angels who instill in young people the love of language  --  and with
it, the love of learning itself. (PG, 112 minutes) Contains some profanity. Area
theaters.

--  Ann Hornaday

AMERICAN DREAMZ

The sophomorically liberal agenda is unmistakable from the get-go in this
tediously facile satire. To drive up the poll numbers of conservative President
Staton (Dennis Quaid), his svengalian chief of staff (Willem Dafoe) finagles a
guest spot for the president as a judge on "American Dreamz," the country's
popular TV amateur talent show, run by snotty Brit Martin Tweed (Hugh Grant).
Quaid's halting-doofus shtick doesn't even reach one-dimensional, and Dafoe is
so mean-spiritedly drawn, he's almost painful to watch. Grant's spin on
"American Idol" judge Simon Cowell is blunt, obvious and  --  worse  --  never
funny. (PG-13, 107 minutes) Contains profanity and sexual references. Arlington
Cinema 'N' Drafthouse.

--  Desson Thomson

AN AMERICAN HAUNTING

In Tennessee in the 1800s, a ghost is said to have traumatized a certain John
Bell and his family, and his death was attributed to the harassment. This movie,
based on those supposedly real events, tries to exude the scary B-movie ethos of
films like "Night of the Living Dead" and "The Blair Witch Project," going for
those herky-jerky camera movements. But it fails to evoke that
whoa-did-this-really-happen edge, and that shaky camera feels contrived. You're
not sure whether the characters are running from a ghost or a deranged cameraman
who keeps bursting into people's homes and yelling, "I'm a ghost with a camera!
Whoooo!" (PG-13, 83 minutes) Contains terror sequences and adult themes. Area
theaters.

--  D.T.

{sstar} ARMY OF SHADOWS

The great filmmaker Jean-Pierre Melville came by his sense of doom
authentically. He felt doomed because there were people trying to kill him.
These people wore the black uniform of the SS, and their annoyance at him
stemmed from his missions for the French Resistance during World War II. This
film, his 1969 portrait of that experience and one of the most harrowing films
ever made, has finally reached the United States in a restored version. It's a
strange enough film, yet weirdly great. No movie has quite gotten the clammy
weight of fear, the sense of hopelessness that would necessarily haunt
underground workers. To see it is to sweat through your underclothes. (Unrated,
165 minutes) Contains scenes of violence some may find disturbing. Landmark's E
Street Cinema and AFI Silver Theatre.

--  Stephen Hunter

ART SCHOOL CONFIDENTIAL

This movie, another collaboration between director Terry Zwigoff and
screenwriter Daniel Clowes, the team behind the marvelous "Ghost World," is
enjoyable and reprises the same dyspeptic attitude but lacks its predecessor's
originality and humanity. Jerome (Max Minghella) is an idealistic student with
dreams of making it in the art world. But he's ground down into a cynic by the
self-absorbed teachers, pretentious students and unctuous suck-ups he encounters
in art school. Zwigoff and Clowes want to mock familiar stereotypes, but beyond
their surface nihilism and graphic language, they offer little else. (R, 102
minutes) Contains nudity, profanity, sexual references and violence. Area
theaters.   --  D.T.

THE BENCHWARMERS

This movie turns out to be a somewhat muddled but occasionally amusing
cautionary tale about the evils of bullying. David Spade, Rob Schneider and Jon
("Napoleon Dynamite") Heder play three adult losers  --  burned by childhood
taunts  --  in Southern California who decide to challenge various bully-loaded
Little League teams to games. Except, of course, they're not all losers; and the
movie itself sacrifices much force when it turns out that Schenider's character
is an elite athlete whose talents are so refined he can strike out nearly every
hitter and hit a homer every at-bat. The movie's more peculiar conceit is a kind
of tournament in which the three adult men play various squads of children. What
on Earth do the filmmakers think that proves? It doesn't make much sense and the
booger and poop jokes get gross fast, but it's not quite horrible. (PG, 90
minutes) Contains offensive jokes. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse and Regal
Fairfax Towncenter.

--  S.H.

{sstar} BRICK

Our hero of sorts is Brendan (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a high schooler who's still
holding a candle for Emily, his dead ex-girlfriend. His self-appointed mission:
to infiltrate the underworld of his fellow students and find out who's
responsible for her death. It's not just the quest that matters here, it's the
seriocomic way Brendan gets there. Writer-director Rian Johnson knows how to
fuse the amusing and the edgy, and, in Brendan, he has created an endearing
character. Even as you struggle to keep up with its speedy chatter and
multi-character complexity, the movie is always entertaining. (R, 110 minutes)
Contains violence and drug use. Landmark's E Street Cinema.

--  D.T.

CURIOUS GEORGE

In this animated movie, the man with the yellow hat, voiced by the pipsqueaky
pipes of Will Ferrell, is a complete goof. He's given a name  --  Ted   --  and
a back story (he's a museum guide). The plot involves poor, dim Ted being
dispatched to Africa, where we meet George, to come up with an "attraction" so
fabulous it will save the clearly for-profit Bloomsberry Museum. For a while
George the icon, a little, furry ball of adorable cuteness, is quite amusing.
It's the old kind of cartoon, drawn in the open, friendly style of H.A. Rey, the
books' illustrator, nuanced simplicity at the approximate level of a fine New
Yorker cartoon. But that nuance is nowhere in this version. It's pretty
elementary. (G, 77 minutes) Contains no offensive imagery. Arlington Cinema 'N'
Drafthouse and University Mall Theatres.

--  S.H.

{sstar} DOWN IN THE VALLEY

This harsh but always mesmerizing little film begins with America's fondest
dream  --  the cowboy. He's lean and lanky, calls everybody "sir" or "ma'am" and
looks you straight on. Any adult would see the other thing: He's also a psycho.
But no 15-year-old can, like Tobe (Evan Rachel Wood), and when she meets Harlan
Carruthers (Edward Norton) in a gas station off the freeway in the valley called
San Fernando, she is taken. Norton's performance is a tour de force, and the
movie is exactly what we don't have enough of: It's singular, unusual,
unexpected, fresh and familiar at once. (R, 117 minutes) Contains extreme
violence, profanity and sexuality. Landmark's Bethesda Row and Landmark's E
Street Cinema.

--  S.H.

{sstar} FAILURE TO LAUNCH

This movie is one of the best American films in months and the best comedy since
I don't know when. Matthew McConaughey plays a 35-year-old boy-man who still
lives with his parents. They hire Sarah Jessica Parker, a specialist in emptying
nests, to get him to fall in love with her and move out. On this simple, sturdy
frame, the writers work all kinds of comic riffs. The movie is so swift and
sure, you can say: It achieves liftoff. (PG-13, 97 minutes) Contains sexual
innuendo and brief nudity. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse, University Mall
Theatres and AMC Loews Wisconsin Avenue.

--  S.H.

FRIENDS WITH MONEY

It is the great irony of this movie that the character toiling in obscurity as a
maid is played by an actress  --  Jennifer Aniston  --  who probably makes more
moola than her three cast mates  --  Frances McDormand, Catherine Keener and
Joan Cusack  --  combined. Guess that's why they call it acting. And therein
lies the problem: You can't shake the feeling that the actresses are doing just
that  --  acting. It's most likely thanks to the limp script, a middling look at
midlife angst among three friends with money and husbands, and one friend who
has neither. Nothing much happens here, and even less is resolved. (R, 88
minutes) Contains language, some sexual content and brief drug use. Area
theaters.

--  Teresa Wiltz

GOAL! THE DREAM BEGINS

Mexican teenager Santiago (Kuno Becker) is a promising soccer player who dreams
of making it in the superstar leagues. But how can a poor kid, without
connections, hope to kick it with the likes of David Beckham? There's one way:
He could be the central character in a Walt Disney movie, the kind in which
phrases like "dare to dream" amount to a holy mantra. This is neither a
persuasive story nor a satisfying display of soccer. Its only triumph is
unintentional: proving that soccer is far too complex and interesting for a
bottom-line mega-corporate studio to reduce it to stand-up-and-cheer banality.
(PG, 118 minutes) Contains brief profanity, sexual situations and late-night
partying. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

{sstar} HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE

This is probably the most engaging Potter film of the series thus far. Our
central character, Hogwarts student Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is possibly
more intimidated by girls than by dragons. Wizardry is hard. And there are no
spells to help negotiate the terrors of adolescence. If only he had time to
figure this stuff out. And there's hardly a peaceful moment at Hogwarts. For
instance, Harry just got drafted, mysteriously, into the international Triwizard
Tournament. As if that wasn't enough, a large skull-and-snake apparition has
appeared in the skies, a signal that the evil Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) has
returned. Readers of the J.K. Rowling novels may be disappointed that many
details from the book have been altered or omitted. But as long as those readers
appreciate large-scale action and smaller-scale interaction, they'll be happy.
(PG-13, 160 minutes) Contains fantasy violence and frightening images. National
Air & Space Museum (Dulles) and National Museum of Natural History.

--  D.T.

HOOT

Teen Roy Eberhardt (Logan Lerman) and his on-the-move parents have just moved to
Florida. Once again, he must adapt to a new school, which means avoiding bully
Dana Matherson (Eric Phillips) and Beatrice (Brie Larson), who makes no secret
of her dislike for him. But he manages to befriend her and learns that she and
her stepbrother, Mullet Fingers (Cody Linley), are plotting against a developer
building a pancake house atop an owl nest. Does Roy want to join them? Although
Lerman shows life as Roy, he's an anomaly in a sea of insipidity. This movie may
be warm and fuzzy with its adorable owls and triumphant kids, but its forced
humor is unlikely to amuse anyone but the very young  --  and the extremely
forgiving. (PG, 105 minutes) Contains mild bullying and some profanity. Area
theaters.

--  D.T.

ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN

This sequel stays largely with the odd selection of creatures that dominated the
2002 hit  --  a sloth named Sid (voice of John Leguizamo), a mammoth named Manny
(Ray Romano) and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (Denis Leary). The plot
follows as the happy creatures realize that the snow's getting softer, the days
longer, the sun hotter. They begin a migration toward the end of the valley,
where a huge felled tree will serve as a kind of ark substitute and let them
ride out the ensuing flood. The animation is first-rate, but the story needs to
catch up to the magic. (PG, 89 minutes) Contains intense innuendo of world's end
and mild language. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

{sstar} INSIDE MAN

A deft, tense, pure thriller, this movie has great star turns and is brilliantly
directed by Spike Lee. One morning, a Wall Street bank is taken over by heavily
armed robbers. Cops quickly gather, headed by Detective Keith Frazier (Denzel
Washington). But just when you think the movie's going to settle down to "Dog
Day Afternoon II," it mutates weirdly (the first of several times) with the
arrival of Jodie Foster, whose job is to make certain no one discovers what's in
a certain safe deposit box. The movie is full of attractive people, smart
dialogue, surprises and final satisfaction. Some movies are too clever by half,
but most are not clever enough by nine-tenths; Lee's new film gets the recipe
just right. (R, 129 minutes) Contains profanity, psychological intensity and a
scene of extreme violence. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

JUST MY LUCK

Lindsay Lohan plays an intolerably lucky young PR professional in New York who
never has trouble finding a cab, a date, a dress or a promotion. Cut to: shlub.
Poor Jake Hardin (Chris Pine). A wannabe record producer, he has no contacts, no
charisma, no wardrobe. Well, the story is contrived to intro the two of them,
and by the magic of the kiss, her luck is transferred to him. Mostly, the film
seems to take place in some Disneyfied universe so alien from the real world of
Manhattan power public relations that it's almost comical. In the end, I can't
think of a movie that matters less than this one. (PG-13, 100 minutes) Contains
mild sexual innuendo. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

KINKY BOOTS

Chiwetel Ejiofor is Simon, a cross-dressing cabaret performer. He is getting
older and doesn't know what to do with his life. But he's only half of the
formula. The other is Charlie (Joel Edgerton), who has inherited a shoe factory,
where business is terrible. He needs a miracle. In the kind of contrivance you
could find only in a movie like this, Charlie saves Simon from a beating.
Simon's urbane world is pitted against Charlie's culture of working-class
values; bigotry squares off with tolerance and so on. Though Ejiofor is
charismatic, he never transcends the movie's pandering agenda. (PG-13, 107
minutes) Contains sexual themes and profanity. AMC Loews Shirlington and AMC
Loews Dupont.

--  D.T.

LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN

Josh Hartnett plays Slevin, a guy who shows up in a buddy's New York apartment,
which is the wrong place at exactly the wrong time. Two gangstas arrive, beat
him up and haul him before The Boss (Morgan Freeman), who insists that Slevin is
Nick, the actual renter of the apartment. And since Nick owes him money, Slevin
must either pay it back or earn his way out by performing a service: a murder.
The movie has a jaunty, even merry tone for something so blood-soaked. But
there's too much death, it comes too quickly, it has no moral import, and it
becomes ultimately meaningless. (R, 110 minutes) Contains violence and
profanity. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse.

--  S.H.

{sstar} MAGNIFICENT DESOLATION: WALKING ON THE MOON 3D

The next best thing to going to the moon? Rocketing up there on the Imax screen
sporting 3-D eyewear. Narrated by Tom Hanks (also a producer), this
gee-wonderful, virtual visit to the arid orb uses ingenious technical sleight of
hand to  --  let's face it  --  fake it beautifully. To create the sensation
that we are bounding like gravity-free lambs on the lunar surface with Neil
Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, director Mark Cowen and crew have culled authentic
footage from various kinds of stock  --  16mm, 35 mm and TV Kinescope video  --
and blown them up into the 70 mm Imax format. Then, using a combination of
computer-generated imagery and live-action reenactments, they've created the
illusion we're taking that giant leap for mankind. (Unrated, 41 minutes)
Contains nothing objectionable. National Air and Space Museum (downtown).

--   D.T.

{sstar} MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE III

The problem with the first two "Mission: Impossible" movies was that they should
have been called "Mission: Highly Probable." Too often the action came down to
Tom Cruise's character, Ethan Hunt, troubleshooting a computer system or
dangling from a guy wire. The wires are still there in this sequel, but director
J.J. Abrams makes an impressive feature debut with the best installment yet.
Ethan, after taking a hiatus, is pulled back into active service when one of his
proteges is captured by an international bad-things dealer. Cruise is at his
scowling/smiling best as he jumps, shoots and leaves. Best is Philip Seymour
Hoffman as the baddie. (PG-13, 126 minutes) Contains intense sequences of
violence, disturbing images and brief sensuality. Area theaters.

--  A.H.

{sstar} MOUNTAIN PATROL: KEKEXILI

This film opens with a brutal scene establishing the story's high stakes: A herd
of Tibetan antelope is gunned down. Moments later the hunters discover a member
of the Mountain Patrol, which seeks to capture and fine the poachers. After they
shoot the patrolman with the same dispassion they have for their four-legged
quarry, the patrol's leader, Ri Tai (Duo Bujie), embarks on a mission not only
to save the antelope but to exact revenge. The movie, filmed with a combination
of edgy, hand-held realism and classical grandeur, is breathtaking and
extraordinary on many levels, not the least of which is how it subverts so many
assumptions. (Unrated, 90 minutes) Contains violence and brief profanity. In
Mandarin and Tibetan with English subtitles. Landmark's E Street Cinema.

--  A.H.

MRS. PALFREY AT THE CLAREMONT

Intelligent, compassionate Mrs. Palfrey (Joan Plowright) moves into a retirement
hotel in London to fill out her days. First issue: the zany cohabitants. Oh,
they're a wacky crew, and it's all expectable, all enjoyable. Then the wrinkle.
Lonely Mrs. Palfrey meets a young man. No, no sex, they're British. Instead the
beautiful writer Ludovic Meyer (Rupert Friend) is her soul mate. One can easily
see where the film is going, and that's where it goes. The joy is the pleasure
it provides. Not deep but much fun, it gives Plowright possibly her best role.
She's the biggest thing in a pretty small movie. (Unrated, 108 minutes) Contains
nothing objectionable. Landmark's Bethesda Row, Cinema Arts Theatre and the
Avalon.

--  S.H.

MUNICH

Steven Spielberg's new film focuses on a small Israeli killing team tasked with
hunting and destroying the Palestinian Black September planners of the Munich
massacre of 1972  --  in which 11 members of the Israeli Olympic team were held
hostage and killed  --  across Europe and the Middle East in the fall and winter
of that year. The team seeks, finds, plans, kills, flees; and then it begins
again. The names are supplied by Israeli intelligence; the team members take it
on faith that they are serving justice, not vengeance, but the doubt begins to
wear on them. Killing, like it or not, is an important issue. So give the movie
credit for its rigor in facing this depressing problem. But in a somewhat crude
attempt to impose a suspenseful structure, the narrative memories of the Munich
massacre are inserted throughout. It seems almost disrespectful to weave in a
provocative re-creation of the killings  --  somehow a massacre of unarmed
innocents that shocked the world should be more than just fodder for ginning up
the tension at the end of a commercial movie. (R, 140 minutes) Contains intense
violence and sexual content. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse.

--  S.H.

{sstar} POSEIDON

When the big wave hits the luxury liner, it hits like a sledgehammer wielded by
an angry sea god. Director Wolfgang Petersen doesn't spare the carnage. People
die in the hundreds, the thousands. Against this carnival of death, the film
quickly isolates a small team of free thinkers who head upward, trusting their
instincts over official bromides. The movie isn't cute, funny, warm, nice,
inspirational or uplifting. It's about the incredible labor of survival in a
world turned totally sociopathic in an instant. (PG-13, 97 minutes) Contains
extremely intense scenes of carnage and death by drowning and explosion. Area
theaters.

--  S.H.

RAPE OF THE SOUL

This documentary is Michael A. Calace's investigation into the subliminal sexual
and occult images embedded in sacred paintings and images. He isolates
fascinating examples of subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) demon faces,
phalluses and even what he considers alien bugs in images that would seem to be
wholly religious. But he could use a few lessons in moviemaking. The
talking-head interviews become wearying, and the film's theme  --  as we jump
around among supposed cloak-and-dagger maneuverings, pedophiliac priests and the
Nazis' use of demon imagery  --  is woollier than holy. (Unrated, 140 minutes)
Contains sexual images and language. AMC Loews Dupont.

--  D.T.

{sstar} ROVING MARS

This is a briskly moving, deeply engaging 40-minute documentary about the 2003
expedition during which two robots were deployed on Mars, and it manages to
present scientific inquiry as an emotional journey, during which two exquisitely
designed machines go from being gears and hinges to the embodiment of our best
hopes and dreams. Although there are plenty of miraculous visual images, most of
the film has to do with months of work by 4,000 scientists to get the rovers  --
named Spirit and Opportunity  --  into space. Indeed, a good three-quarters of
the film takes place right here on Earth, in the gleaming, white-and-gold lab at
the Kennedy Space Center where the robots were perfected, and finally at
Pasadena's California Institute of Technology, where tense scientists are seen
waiting for their "babies" to land safely on Mars. Watching as Spirit unfolds
her solar panels is like witnessing a birth, and in its final, mind-bending few
minutes, the film ends on a suitable note of triumphalism and wonder. (G, 40
minutes) Contains nothing objectionable. National Air and Space Museums
(downtown and Dulles).

--  A.H.

RV

Robin Williams is Bob Munro, who has canceled his Hawaii vacation so he can
complete a presentation for his boss. He decides to take the family to the
Rockies, by RV, figuring he can get the work done behind his wife's back and
still give the family a bonding holiday. Although Williams peppers his screen
time with trademark jokes, the real "comedy" occurs as he tries to navigate the
RV and keep a step ahead of the Gornickes, a terminally cheery family from
Texas. Will Bob get that presentation done? Will the family bond? And which one
of these levers do you push to send the RV careering off the mountain? (PG, 98
minutes) Contains crude humor, sexual innuendo and profanity. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

SCARY MOVIE 4

This movie may be a No. 4 in official sequence, but it's actually a No. 2 in
pedigree. That's because the first two films were made by the Wayans, the genius
family. But by No. 3, the Wayans DNA had vanished and the direction moved to
Jerry Zucker, who basically rumbles and bumbles all over the place here, dipping
into this movie or that movie when it amuses him. Combining disparate story
lines, of course, leads to unavoidable stupidity. But the movie is funny enough
to turn the hands on your watch much more quickly than you can believe. (PG-13,
83 minutes) Contains gross humor, sexual innuendo and comic violence. Area
theaters.

--  S.H.

THE SENTINEL

Michael Douglas is Special Agent Pete Garrison with a special agent problem:
He's smooching Sarah Ballentine (Kim Basinger), who just happens to be first
lady. When he receives incriminating photos of the two of them, he realizes he's
being blackmailed. Worse, he learns that there may be a conspiracy to
assassinate the president and that someone's trying to frame him as the perp.
The movie is a medium-dumb thriller that starts out with momentary promise but
gets progressively sillier, sinking into a pit of conspiracy cliches. (PG-13,
105 minutes) Contains profanity, intense action and some suggested sexuality.
Area theaters. --  D.T.

THE SHAGGY DOG

This movie is a pointless remake of the 1959 Disney classic. Tim Allen plays
Dave Douglas, a Type-A careerist and dog-hater who, through a series of mishaps
too ridiculous and tiresome to describe, is injected with the blood of a
300-year-old dog and turns into the pooch of the title. He discovers that he may
not be a bad dog but that he has been a terrible husband and father. The movie
is a nasty, unappealing Allen vehicle, whose comedy chiefly derives from stupid
stunts. (PG, 99 minutes) Contains mild rude humor. University Mall Theatres.

--  A.H.

SILENT HILL

So this mom named Rose (Radha Mitchell) and her husband (Sean Bean) are looking
for their daughter Sharon (Jodelle Ferland). They stumble into a foreboding
place called Silent Hill where all manner of weirdos emerge to thwart them. Game
fans will appreciate the film's cool monsterish creations, but the movie never
turns the video-game parareality into compelling film drama. It just seems like
a tedious search for a really strange girl. The dialogue consists almost
entirely of Rose saying, "Sharon? Sharon? Sharon?" You feel like calling out, "I
don't think she's hearing you, lady." In the end, this isn't a drama, just
someone's weird and really boring day. (R, 127 minutes) Contains violence, gore
and profanity. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

{sstar} SOMERSAULT

Offering a slender slice of contemporary Australian life, this film reflects
surprisingly assured filmmaking sensibilities, especially when it comes to
portraying the foibles and preoccupations of young women at loose ends.
Writer-director Cate Shortland has made a methodically paced drama about a
16-year-old girl named Heidi (Abbie Cornish) who makes an ill-advised pass at
her mother's boyfriend, then sets out on a self-imposed exile of promiscuity and
rootlessness. Shortland skillfully captures the odd mix of confusion and
self-assurance of a young woman coming into her sexual and psychological own.
(Unrated, 106 minutes) Contains nudity, sexuality and brief drug use. AMC Loews
Dupont.

--  A.H.

STICK IT

This gal gymnastics fable sets itself up along standard lines: Canadian actress
Missy Peregrym plays an elite gymnast who marched out of a major competition,
costing everyone a gold medal. A few years later she's a mountain-bike punk in
Texas, when she runs afoul of the law and is sentenced to gymnastics camp as
juvie detention center! There, she is broken Parris Island-style, then
reassembles herself into a champion. But instead of gold-medal-winning,
last-minute heroics, the movie weirdly becomes about the scandal of arbitrary
gymnastics judges. It veers into fresh territory but not dramatically satisfying
territory. (PG-13, 103 minutes) Contains crude language. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

THANK YOU FOR SMOKING

As a lobbyist for the tobacco industry, Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) realizes
that disingenuousness is a moral survival strategy: Don't think of cigarettes as
a health hazard, Nick says, consider them a symbol of America's right to choose.
Watching Nick get away with murder is the wicked fun of this adaptation of
Christopher Buckley's 1994 novel. But as a satire on Tobacco Inc.'s ability to
market carbon monoxide as the elixir of life, this movie should be packing more
nicotine. (R, 92 minutes) Contains profanity and some sexual content. Area
theaters.

--  D.T.

{sstar} UNITED 93

Why anyone would want to revisit the dreadful day of Sept. 11, 2001, is beyond
this particular critic. But those who find meaning and catharsis by watching
reenactments on the big screen will be well rewarded by Paul Greengrass's taut
thriller that, minute by agonizing minute, follows the only plane not to reach
its target, the passengers having overtaken the aircraft in an act of collective
heroism. Greengrass avoids politics altogether, focusing instead on the
tick-tock of how reality slowly dawned on an improbably gorgeous late summer
morning. This may be the best movie I ever hated. (R, 111 minutes) Contains
profanity and intense sequences of terror and violence. Area theaters.

--  A.H.

{sstar} WAH-WAH

Actor-turned-director Richard E. Grant offers a bleakly entertaining,
autobiographical account of his family life in 1960s Swaziland. British by
heritage but Swazi-born, Ralph (played at 10 by Zac Fox and as a teenager by
Nicholas Hoult) is inextricably tied to the British expatriates who drink too
much and sleep with one another's spouses. When Ralph's mother leaves his
hard-drinking father, his home life becomes even more traumatic. Grant's
unblinking but sympathetic depiction of this emotionally unhinged world makes
the viewer feel like an illicit, enlightened gawker, and it has the enormous
fringe benefit of fine performers. (R, 97 minutes) Contains profanity and some
sexual content. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

{sstar} WATER

Set in 1930s India, this is something rare in the world of movies: an artistic
muckraker. The subject is "widow wastage," the tradition in which a widow is
consigned to an ashram. Just such a thing occurs when Chuyia (magically
portrayed by Sarala) is left at an ashram by her embittered father. But Chuyia,
a child bride of 8, is peculiarly resilient; with her energy, curiosity and
optimism, she soon has the whole place in a clamor. The movie sometimes veers
toward the bathetic as some of the fates that befall the women seem manipulated
for maximum horror and outrage, but it is superb and strange at once, a discreet
and self-disciplined attack dog of a movie. (PG-13, 117 minutes) Contains
implied sexual situations. In Hindi with subtitles. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

THE WILD

Samson the lion (voiced by Kiefer Sutherland) has just regaled his cub son, Ryan
(Greg Cipes), with another tale of his brave exploits in the wild, before he was
captured and put in the zoo. Feeling inadequate, Ryan slips into a storage
container that appears bound for the real wilderness. He changes his mind, but
he's on his way. When Samson hears Ryan's cries, he recruits his zoo pals to
give chase, and their rescue mission takes them across the seas. The adult jokes
in this movie are welcome, but the too-cool-for-school humor carries on
incessantly, relentlessly, as if the scriptwriters were paid by the gag. (G, 85
minutes) Contains a joke or two about flatulence. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

WILD SAFARI 3D

Untrue to its name, this Imax tour of some of the most beautiful parks and game
preserves in South Africa is pretty tame, harmless but surprisingly thrill-free.
It takes viewers on a photographic hunt for Africa's "Big Five." And filmmaker
Ben Stassen bags his elephants, lions, leopards, rhinos and cape buffalo, along
with a few zebras, giraffes and sundry antelopes thrown in for good measure.
Still, the 3D that "Wild Safari" was filmed in proves to be more of a
distraction than a benefit in a movie that, while photographed with the same
amazing detail and intimacy that has made "March of the Penguins" such a hit,
never reaches out to grab viewers, literally or figuratively. (Unrated, 45
minutes) Contains a very brief shot of animals doing what comes natural and
brief carcass eating. National Museum of Natural History.

--  A.H.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney, Australia) (Sydney, Australia)

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday

QUICK QUIZ

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: CAROLYN BEAUMONT

SECTION: FEATURES; Quick Quiz; Pg. 93

LENGTH: 299 words


1. What is Opposition Leader Mark Latham's wife's name?

2. Name the leader of Australia's Greens party.

3. Who is lawyer John Marsden's latest client?

4. Name Australia's Attorney-General.

5. What was Michelangelo's surname?

6. Australia's Jobie Dajka is associated with which sport?

7. What is the English name for the hat called a derby in the USA?

8. Name the two stars of the movie, New York Minute.

9. Does the verb finagle mean to calculate, to swim or to trick?

10. In which country is the site of the ancient city of Babylon?

11. Did Dirk Hartog landed on Australia's west coast in 1616, 1716 or1816?

12. Which space craft recently photographed the rings of Saturn?

13. What is an Australian stork called?

14. Will Smith (above) stars in which new film?

15. The maximum number of players in a game of ludo is ..?

16. What are the first names of the late Princess Diana's two sisters?

17. The NSW town of Nyngan is on which river?

18. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was a candidate in which country's election?

19. Is the Pantheon in Rome or Athens?

20. Australian cyclist Robbie McEwen (below) lives in which country?

21. In what year was actor Robert Redford born?

22. The Chandler Aquatic Centre is in which city?

23. What do dressmakers use to protect their thumbs from needles?

24. Dustin Fletcher plays with which AFL team?

25. Which foods can vegetarians eat that vegans don't?

26. Name the Australian netball team captain.

27. Is the river Xingu in Brazil, China or Mexico?

28. What is the real name of the host of ABC TV's new program, The Way We Were?

29. What is the chemical symbol for zinc?

30. What was the score in the Euro 2004 football final?

Email the author, Carolyn Beaumont, on cbeaumont@hotkey.net.au

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STE

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 8, 2002 Friday

Proud homecoming

BYLINE: BY BRIAN HAMILTON; Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 517 words


Bennie Joppru has a plan to show everyone just how far he has come during the
past few months. It starts with a list of people who want tickets for Michigan's
football game against the Gophers on Saturday night at the Metrodome. When he
procures tickets for someone -- through cajoling, pleading or prodding -- the
Michigan tight end tears a name off the list.

"It's a big, scientific method," said Joppru a former Minnetonka High standout.
"I'm at about 62 tickets, and my list still is growing. I'm still trying to
finagle some people."

He probably won't stop. Not when he has a chance to invite so many people from
home to finally watch him play. The last time Michigan visited the Gophers, in
1998, Joppru was taking a redshirt season. This time, he's one of the Big Ten
Conference's premier tight ends, smashing career records in receptions (35) and
yards (367). His five touchdown catches exceed his previous career total.

"After going home last spring," Joppru said, "if you had told me or anyone back
home that I would be in the position I am in now, six months later, I would have
told you that you were crazy. I'm sure a lot of other people would have, too."

Many Michigan fans, including Joppru, wonder where this guy has been for the
past four years. Coach Lloyd Carr knows where he has been: in the dog house.

Joppru was among the Midwest's top recruits coming out of Minnetonka, but the
Michigan coach spent many early mornings watching him walk the Michigan Stadium
steps as punishment for one transgression or another -- such as the fight he got
into with a Michigan wrestler last spring that caused waves.

Carr had an inkling there would be problems when Joppru started a game two years
ago at UCLA and missed a key block at the goal line that probably cost the
Wolverines a key score. Carr pointed out the mistake the next day, and an
immature Joppru responded by setting the Michigan record for sulking.

"I think at some point you have to really get knocked down to be able to take
stock of where you are and what you want to do with your life," Carr said. "I
think Bennie reached that point last spring. He has made some mistakes, but he
confronted them. It's wonderful to watch a guy become what he is capable of.

"I told the team last week that two of the best captains that I have ever had
are Joppru and (Victor) Hobson."

Indeed, Carr one day noticed Joppru running those steps instead of walking and
felt that maybe the player had finally gotten it. He had. Over the summer,
Joppru changed his diet, his behavior, his sleep patterns -- all to erase the
doubts he had fueled by failing to do what he's doing right now.

"I took a good look at myself and said that maybe what I was doing, going out
and making bad decisions, was affecting my playing ability," he said. "I didn't
want to have an underachieving career here like some people said I would have.

"It means a lot to be able to go home holding my head high. It's going to be
special."

Brian Hamilton covers University of Minnesota men's athletics. He can be reached
at bchamilton@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 08, 1995, Friday

SWEETEST KISS OF ALL

SECTION: Editorial; Pg.  40

LENGTH: 760 words


POLITICAL EPITAPH for Bob Packwood:

Georgy Porgy, pudding and pie,

Kissed the girls and made them cry.

When the boys came out to play,

Georgy Porgy ran away.

Just goes to show how Capitol Hill life imitates Mother Goose. Like Mr. Porgy,
Sen. Packwood is a sexist bully. And he, too, has been sent packing by a show of
force.

Faced with being the first senator to be expelled since the Civil War, Packwood
resigned yesterday, a day after the Senate Ethics Committee recommended that he
be booted out as an unrepentent serial kisser up to his eyeballs in a coverup.

"It is my duty to resign," Packwood said. "It is the honorable thing to do."
Right. And so pragmatic. His decision spared an election-year Senate floor
wrangle that would have made Richard Bey green with envy. And it saved Packwood
his $ 89,000 pension, which he would have lost if he'd been kicked out as was
almost certain to happen.

The committee's case against the Oregon Republican detailed a long career of
misconduct making unwanted sexual advances toward 17 women, trying to finagle a
job for his ex-wife from lobbyists and, worst, altering his diaries to hide his
misdeeds. Evidence amounted to 10,000 pages, weighing 40 pounds.

Packwood stewed his own political goose late last month, when he reversed
himself and sought the public hearings he had fought so bitterly to avoid.

Feeling betrayed, the three Republican friends on the committee who had blocked
the hearings turned their backs on him this time around. In the end, Packwood
had no allies.

And no defense. At least not a plausible one. His answer to sexual misconduct
charges amounted to: I was too drunk to remember what I did. It would be
laughable, were it not so pathetic. On the other charges, he offered only an
incredible denial.

Of everything he remained unrepentent. Ostensibly horrified by the ethics
panel's decision, Packwood said it "makes the Inquisition look like a study in
fairness." Well, he retained the politician's gift for hyperbole. But he has
lost the integrity necessary to make law for law-abiding citizens. If he ever
had it.

There are those who think that kissing, fondling and groping unwilling women is
small stuff on the crime index. But even if you could buy that and it would take
a leap of faith it would be difficult to be as generous in considering
Packwood's other offenses, especially his attempted coverup.

The Ethics Committee called that "a crime against the Senate." And, thus,
against the American people.

CLOSING A NUISANCE

Fed-up neighborhood residents cheered Wednesday as cops padlocked one of the
Bronx' most blatant hooker havens, the notorious Jerome Motel. The quality of
life in Morris Heights took a quantum leap.

Since January, the NYPD had conducted 11 undercover operations, arrested 70
prostitutes and 44 Johns and seized 27 vehicles in an effort to build a solid
case against the hot-sheet motel. And they did.

The temporary closing order came via the city's nuisance-abatement law that the
Giuliani administration has been using to great effect to shut down porno houses
and other establishments that allow high-risk sex.

The Jerome's nuisance factor is indisputable. Located off the Cross Bronx
Expressway and across the street from a children's park, it is make that was a
37-room playpen for prostitutes with a three-hour time limit on trysts. Bullhorn
warnings told Johns when they were overstaying their welcome.

On any day, as many as a dozen hookers at a time could be seen hawking their
wares to motorists outside the Jerome, police say. No wonder more than 100
people lined up across the street and on the stairs of the el station to applaud
the closing.

The cops are due back in court today to argue that a preliminary injunction is
needed to keep the motel closed. That should be no problem. But if further proof
is needed, the judge need only listen to the exuberant praise from a grateful
community.

EXPORT POSSIBILITY

News of the world:

BEIJING (Reuter) To buy a good fighting cricket, you have to go to Leling in
China's eastern Shandong province and expect to pay as much as you would for a
cow. The Leling main street is lined with more than 300 stands selling the
long-legged insects. Daily turnover is about $ 2,400 to $ 3,600.

Crickets? Pshaw. Crickets have nothing on the New York City Fighting Roach. And
they're abundant. Now, if only the city could learn how to market this natural
resource. . . . How about an exhibition bout against Pete McNeeley?

LOAD-DATE: September 08, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif., Lowell Cohn column

BYLINE: Lowell Cohn, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 845 words


Dec. 01--Happy Holiday Season. As a special present to you, the Oakland A's fan,
your team traded its best player, Josh Donaldson, for four guys.

One of the guys is shortstop Franklin Barreto who's supposed to be the bee's
knees according to some calculation or other the Money Ball smart guys use.
According to one down-to-earth calculation Barreto is 18 years old, which means
no one knows what he'll be when he grows up. This we know for sure. He can't buy
a Bud in California.

Look, we understand why Billy Beane keeps trading and unloading his star players
-- see Yoenis Cespedes, see Carlos Gonzalez, see a cast of thousands. Repeat
after me: The A's are a small-market team and they have a bad stadium and they
can't pay premium prices for premium players and, gosh, they have to trade and
finagle and cut corners just to stay afloat.

This is where the violins come in and you whip out your hanky and wipe away your
salty tears. This is where you tell yourself the A's have the best crutch in
baseball. No one expects them to win or even keep the team together. But they
have the best excuses of any team in the known world, and for this they deserve
credit.

Beane himself is a specialist at excuses. You might say he's made his reputation
and fortune on them. The A's excuses are so good I cannot refute them, although
I admit they bore me. Either you compete or you don't compete. And when you
trade one of the best players in baseball for four guys, when you trade a better
third baseman than Pablo Sandoval, when you trade a guy you could have kept by
paying a little extra dough you should feel ashamed. Even if you have the finest
excuses.

But there's something else that stinks about trading Donaldson and all the
others. It's a blatant violation of the sacred contract between fans and a team.
Call it an unwritten contract. Call it a contract of faith in each other -- fan
and team. Call it a code of honor.

The contract says the team brings in the players, constructs the team around
certain essential players, and the fans come to care for those players almost
like family. The fans buy and wear their jerseys and call them by their first
names and feel a personal stake in their performance and wellbeing. As a sports
writer, I do not feel any of this identification with players. But I understand
it. I respect it. And I know it is necessary.

The San Francisco Giants go out of their way in their fidelity to the contract.
They do not dump players casually. They do not catch fans by surprise or
disappoint or hurt them. You know Buster Posey is the catcher. Brian Sabean is
not about to trade Posey to Toronto because the Blue Jays knocked his socks off
with four guys no one in the Bay Area ever heard of, one of whom probably
doesn't shave yet.

Brandon Crawford plays short for the Giants and that pink-faced kid Joe Panik
plays second and Hunter Pence plays right field and Madison Bumgarner is their
best pitcher. Can you imagine trading Mad Bum after what he did in the World
Series? Beane might have traded him. Probably would have traded him. For some
guys.

I could go on with the Giants roster and how Santiago Casilla is the closer and
Jeremy Affeldt is the set-up guy and how Giants fans identify with the players.
Are invited to identify with the players. Are invited to sign the contract.

Forget about it with the A's. You identified with Donaldson -- good guy,
terrific player -- and the A's broke your heart. Did it without a second
thought. Made you feel like a fool for even caring. The A's are great at making
fans feel like fools. It's what the A's do. Even though they have great excuses,
there is no excuse for continually violating the contract.

So, whom do you root for on the A's? You can't root for the players because
they're just visiting, always have one foot out the door preparing to move onto
the next team.

You know who the only constant is? I'll tell you.

It's Billy Beane. He is the one constant. If you are a Beane fan, you can go to
bed thinking, "Billy did it again. Got four players for one. He is the best
Fantasy Baseball manager in the big leagues."

Somehow rooting for the GM doesn't equal rooting for Donaldson or rooting for
the A's to be a contender instead of a cut-rate rebuilding unit -- yet again.

The A's should change their name from the A's to the Beanes. As a nickname, they
could shorten Beanes to B's. The A's could go from being the A's to the B's. In
a disappointing season -- hold onto your hats for 2015 -- we could call them the
B-minuses, although that grade may be entirely too high.

So, yeah, the A's exiled Josh Donaldson to Canada and, if you go by cold logic,
they had every reason for what they did.

I don't like it. Neither should you.

For more on the world of sports in general and the Bay Area in particular, go to
the Cohn Zohn at cohn.blogs.pressdemocrat.com. You can reach Staff Columnist
Lowell Cohn at lowell.cohn@pressdemocrat.com

___ (c)2014 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141201-UR-The-Press-Democrat-Santa-Rosa-Calif-Lowell-Cohn-column-1201-20141201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2014 The Press Democrat


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 16, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Home of American Golf

BYLINE:  By TOM CLAVIN

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 3249 words


SAY "home of golf," and people will think of St. Andrews in Scotland. Say "home
of golf in the United States," and Pebble Beach, Calif., Augusta, Ga., or
Pinehurst, N.C., may come to mind.

Sorry, any of those answers would be a bogey. The home of golf in this country
is Long Island. Its 1,198 square miles hold the highest concentration of fine
golf courses in America. Only California -- the entire state -- beats Long
Island for courses making Golf Magazine's national top-100 list.

Long Island is also center stage in American golf history. When golf began to
spread beyond the British Isles in the late 19th century, Long Island was one of
the first places it took root, when New York tycoons began establishing golf
clubs near their country estates. The first golf clubhouse in America was built
by Stanford White in 1892 for the Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in Southampton, and
many of the major golf tournaments of those early decades were held on the
Island.

Not surprisingly the oldest Long Island courses tend to follow the Scottish
links style -- low, windswept and mostly treeless, with plenty of little lumps
and bumps and swales. The Island boasts several courses in this original mold.
But it also has classic examples of the parklands style dominant through most of
the 20th century, with narrow, tree-lined fairways draped across rolling
terrain. Many of the best courses are a mix of the two styles.

In recognition of this variety and heritage, major-tournament golf has found the
Island again, with the United States Open championship coming to the Shinnecock
links next year for the third time in two decades. The Black Course at Bethpage
State Park, a mix of parklands and links styles, was the site, in 2002, of the
first Open held at a true public course, with a return engagement scheduled for
2009.

It's a dirty job, but somebody had to do it: finagle invitations to visit the
most beautiful and challenging golf courses on Long Island (most of which are
also among the most private and exclusive clubs on the Island), then choose the
best of the best.

Any course in Nassau or Suffolk Counties was eligible. (One exception: Fishers
Island Club is said to have a fine golf course but was not reviewed; Fishers
Island may be part of Long Island from a political standpoint, but you can't get
there without going through Connecticut, so we'll leave it for New England
reviewers.) The main criteria were course design as a test of golfing skill,
visual appeal and quality of maintenance.

Here are the top 15, in alphabetical order:

Atlantic Golf Club
Bridgehampton

This course was an instant hit when it opened in 1992, winning Golf Digest's
Best New Private Course award. But Atlantic has not been resting on its laurels.
Over the years the par-72 course has been lengthened to a robust 7,117 yards
(all measurements from the back tees).

The course was designed by Rees Jones in the links style, with few trees but
plenty of ridges, swales, small kettle ponds, mounds, wetlands and wide swaths
of tall fescue grass that changes color from green to purple to a sandy brown
during the year."We worked really hard to get as old as possible, to acquire
that old Scottish type of feel," said Rick Hartmann, the head professional at
Atlantic and one of the top golfers on the Island. "You can't fake tradition.
The course has to truly display it."

Because it is so exposed, wind direction is a crucial consideration. The par-3
11th, for example, is only 125 yards but plays much longer when the wind is
blowing from the southwest.

"The fescue and the wind are the biggest factors here," Mr. Hartmann said. "But
none of the features can be taken for granted."

Bethpage State Park
Black Course
Farmingdale

The Black, opened in 1936, is one of five courses at Bethpage State Park, Robert
Moses' fanfare for the common golfer. Design credit for the Black and three of
the other four courses is given to the renowned A.W. Tillinghast.

The rough is shorter than during the 2002 championship, and a few fairways have
been widened, but the Black remains "an extremely difficult course," as the sign
near the first tee warns. It's nearly 7,300 yards, so power is rewarded, but the
greens are relatively small and well-bunkered, so accurate iron play is
required, too.

The course's prettiest hole is the fourth, a par 5 bisected by a steep-faced
bunker called the Glacier. The brutal 15th is a long par 4 that rises 50 feet
over its last 45 yards to a small, heavily sloped green guarded by three
bunkers. A tee shot on the par-3 17th has to avoid two huge, high-lipped bunkers
fronting the green.

The course hasn't always been in great shape. Over the decades, thanks to
hundreds of thousands of rounds played, the fairways and greens fell into
disrepair. With financing from Albany and the United States Golf Association,
the course was reworked in 1998 and 2001 under the eye of Rees Jones to bring it
up to Open caliber.

Because of the Open, won by Tiger Woods, the rest of the world found out what
local players knew, and the Black immediately became the standard by which other
public courses are judged. And though demand for tee times is huge, it is
theoretically possible for anyone to play it.

The Bridge
Bridgehampton

Mr. Jones went at it again, carving a championship-level course out of the
hilltop site of the former Bridgehampton Race Circuit. The owner, Robert Rubin,
wanted to preserve that racing heritage, so Mr. Jones incorporated a viewing
stand, a bit of roadway, flagman's towers, signage like "Chevron Gasolines" on
the gateway bridge itself, and checkered tees into the design of the course.

It's the new kid on the "best" block, having opened only in 2001. Why does it
make this list at such a tender age?

Stand on the tee of the 250-yard par-3 16th, and you'll understand. The elevated
tee looks out over Peconic Bay, with the North Fork, Shelter Island and North
Haven in the distance. Also on display are thick clumps of old trees, high
fescue, grassy hills and valleys that evoke an Irish course, and bunkers to send
shivers up any hacker's spine.

The par-72 course is a whopping 7,341 yards and "was built for long hitters,"
said Jeff Warren, the head pro. His favorite stretch of holes is four, five and
six-- a 414-yard par 4, a 182-yard par 3 and a 470-yard par 4 -- because they
are especially challenging and offer hilltop views similar to those found on 16.


Creek Club
Locust Valley

One of the golf-design gods is Charles Blair Macdonald, a Scotsman who created
this course in collaboration with another one of the greats, Seth Raynor.

Earl Ellis, vice president of the club, called the course "the best-kept golf
secret on Long Island." It has always been so. The 6,454-yard, par-70 course was
built in 1923 by Vincent Astor, Marshall Field, J.P. Morgan and other Gold Coast
moguls who wanted to be well off the beaten path to enjoy golf as well as
swimming, yachting and gambling. The portion of the golf course that is south of
the clubhouse is in the parkland style, but the northern portion is in thelinks
style leading to the 1,200 feet of frontage on the Sound. The elevated sixth tee
and several waterside holes offer glimpses of Westchester and Connecticut.

The most beautiful holes are those that play on the water because of the view,
the lush rough and blotches of wetlands. The par-4 10th entails a drive over an
inlet on the fairway, toward the Sound. The par-3 11th plays back across the
inlet. Thirteen has a harsh dogleg right and demands a carry over a forest of
reeds. Then there is 14, which club members contend is the best hole on Long
Island. A player tees off on 14, a 430-yard par 4, with Long Island Sound at his
back, avoiding Frost Creek, which bisects the hole, with an approach shot toward
an elevated, sloping green in front of the clubhouse complex.

"We're especially pleased with the Charles Macdonald legacy and the quality and
history of the course," Mr. Ellis said. "That's why we haven't strayed from the
original design."

Deepdale Golf Club
Manhasset

Macdonald, fresh from the Creek Club, was hired by William K. Vanderbilt II to
develop a course on the grounds of Mr. Vanderbilt's former summer estate in Lake
Success. When the Long Island Expressway was pushed through the northern part of
the course, members sold it off, and Dick Wilson designed a new course (par 70,
6,623 yards) on the W.R. Grace estate.

It is a parklands layout, but with 11 doglegs. The two most distinctive holes
are the eighth and the 15th, both long par 4's with doglegs left that climb to
hilltop greens surrounded by bunkers.

Fresh Meadow Country Club
Lake Success

Among the head pros this club has had is the great Gene Sarazen, hired in 1925.
He resigned in 1931 because the 1932 United States Open was going to be held at
Fresh Meadow, and he believed in a home-course jinx after having failed to win
the P.G.A. Championship there the year before. In any event, he won the 1932
Open.

The original course, in Flushing, was designed by Tillinghast in 1923. It was
sold in 1946, and the present 6,700-yard, par-70 parkland course was created by
Charles Alison. The most celebrated hole is the par-4 12th. You hit from an
elevated tee into a valley with woods on the left side and a bunker on the
right. There is a dogleg left, and then the ground rises to an elevated green
protected by two bunkers. The most picturesque is the par-3 13th: From an
elevated tee you hit over a lake to a green surrounded by bunkers. In the middle
of the lake is a pagoda and a weeping willow.

Garden City Golf Club
Garden City

Garden City is first and foremost a golf club, emphasized Gil McNally, the head
pro, who has been at the club for 28 years. It is open year-round for golf only.
Its dining room serves just breakfast and lunch and is not used for dinners or
catering, as is common with country clubs.

The 104-year-old course, designed by Devereux Emmet and the great amateur Walter
Travis, was host to the 1902 United States Open. It is not a long course by
modern standards, measuring 6,882 yards from the back tees, and it's a par 73.
Its challenge is in its links-like features, including high, thick rough,
hundreds of bunkers and exposure to the wind. Many of the bunkers were
diabolically placed by Travis, including the pot bunker that sits directly in
front of the 18th green. (Perhaps fittingly, landing in that bunker spelled
defeat for Travis in the 1908 United States Amateur.)

The course has not undergone any significant alterations in recent years, and
with the exception of some slight lengthening here and there, such as on the
par-4 15th hole, none are planned.

"The golf course is what it is," Mr. McNally said. "We don't want change for the
sake of change and risk the traditional character of the course. We try to make
better what we have, but we're not going to turn the course into something
different. Why would anyone want to repaint a Rembrandt?"

Inwood Country Club
Inwood

The 6,647-yard, par-72 course, designed by Edward Eriksen, Jack Mackie and
Herbert Strong, celebrated its centennial last year. The legendary Bobby Jones
won his first United States Open there in 1923.

Like the Creek Club, Inwood combines parkland with links styles. Wind is a
factor because the course is on an inlet of Jamaica Bay. There are plenty of
bunkers, many of them irregularly shaped, so a player has to avoid them with
room to spare. As the holes go on, they become more difficult. The par-3 10th is
especially tough, with a lake in front of the green and bunkers on either side.

Maidstone Golf Club
East Hampton

Eden Foster, the head pro at Maidstone, said his is the only golf course that he
knows of in the United States that meets the strictest definition of a links
course: situated between the ocean and farmland, nine holes out and nine holes
in, very few trees, strong bunkering and no irrigation on the fairways.
Maidstone was founded in 1891 as a tennis and swimming clubfor wealthy summer
residents. The original 18-hole golf layout was completed in 1899. The first
clubhouse, overlooking the ocean, burned in 1922 and was replaced by the present
one.

The wind can wreak the same havoc as on a course on the coast of Scotland. Holes
9 and 14 -- right in the dunes and surrounded by colorful but prickly beach
vegetation -- are on Golf Magazine's list of 100 greatest golf holes in the
United States.

The par-72 course, at 6,390 yards, is short, but nature will take its toll on
golfers. In addition to the wind, half the holes require tee shots that carry
over marshland vegetation, and seemingly at every turn there are clumps of dense
brush, cattails and reeds.

Meadow Brook Club
Jericho

Many more people have visited this course than have played it over the last 15
years, when it was the site of the Northville/Lightpath Classic, a Senior PGA
Tour event. Seeing it without all the spectators, the merchandise and
hospitality tents, television towers and portable toilets allows one to see how
traditionally appealing the course is.

If you have a mental image of "classic Northeast golf course," that's Meadow
Brook. At 7,101 yards it is longer than most Long Island courses because of the
PGA event.

It's also one of those rare courses that ends with a par 3. But other
characteristics are of the classic mold: rolling hills, small greens, narrow
fairways bordered by tall trees, and greens protected by bunkers.

The Meadow Brook course, which opened in 1955, is another Dick Wilson design.
One modern touch is also its most impressive: a 615-yard, par-5 eighth hole that
doglegs left, then right. No doubt the Senior PGA players felt a lot more senior
after navigating this monster.

Montauk Downs State Park
Montauk

The course was originally built in 1927 by Carl Fisher, who also built Miami
Beach, to amuse his moneyed friends staying at Fisher-built hotels and houses in
Montauk. Fisher was a victim of the 1929 crash, and the quality of his course
eroded during the following decades. In 1968 it was bought by the state, which
hired Robert Trent Jones Sr. to redesign the course. Jones was assisted by his
20-something sons, Robert Jr. and Rees.

Because of this reconstruction and the care given to the course in recent years,
the Downs is frequently listed as one of the best public courses in the country.
Even so, demand for tee times is not outrageous.

The feature with the biggest impact on play on the 6,762-yard, par-72 course is
the wind. Water comes into play on the seventh and 13th holes. And if you've had
your Wheaties, take on the 200-yard carry necessary on the 12th hole to get to a
raised green almost surrounded by bunkers.

Nassau Country Club
Glen Cove

It opened in 1899, the same year Nassau County was formed, and was designed by
three members, Devereux Emmet, Seth Raynor and Herbert Strong. It was where the
Nassau bet originated as a scoring system for interclub matches. A unique
feature of Nassau and one that makes it a challenging course even at just 6,648
yards is that there are 14 par 4's, with 6, 7, 8, 11 and 12 being especially
long ones.

It's almost a relief to get to the only par 5 on the course, the 15th, until you
see there is a double dogleg to the left. The Pit, mounds of sand and rough,
bisects the fairway at the second turn. The par 3's are no piece of cake. On the
5th hole, the two-tiered green is set above a 15-foot-deep bunker, with more
bunkers to the left and right and a sharp dropoff behind.

The clubhouse was the second one designed by Stanford White on Long Island. It
was destroyed by fire in 1909. Still, strolling through its successor and seeing
the memorabilia and clubs used members like Alex Smith, the United States Open
winner in 1906 and 1910, and by Jerry Travers, the 1915 Open winner, one gets a
deeper appreciation of the club's and Long Island's contribution to the
development of golf in America.

National Golf Links Of America
Southampton

National, which opened in 1911 and is adjacent to Shinnecock Hills, has been the
quieter cousin. It was the host to the first Walker Cup in 1922, ushering in the
Cup's era as a premier international golf event, but it has kept a low
tournament profile ever since. At 6,779 yards and par 73, it could not
accommodate a pro or major amateur event today. But it still provides stern
tests.

Macdonald, its designer, described the course as "a God-endowed stretch of
blessed seclusion." From the famous hilltop windmill across from the clubhouse
to the water views to the swaths of huckleberry and blackberry bushes, it's hard
to keep one's eye on the ball. The most jaw-dropping view comes on the elevated
tee at 17, voted by Golf Magazine as the 10th best hole in the country.
Distractions can be costly, though, if you end up in any of the course's 360
bunkers.

National is a prime example of Macdonald's attempt to recreate his favorite
Scottish holes on Long Island. The par-4 third hole is his version of the 17th
at Prestwick, the fourth resembles the 15th at North Berwick, and the seventh is
modeled on the Road Hole at St. Andrews.

The links flavor is very strong here, and Gerard Gagliardo, the general manager,
said there have been no big changes to Macdonald's vision.

There is no such thing as out of bounds at National. "If you can find it, you
can hit it," Mr. Gagliardo said.

Piping Rock Club
Locust Valley

This neighbor of the Creek Club was also designed by Macdonald and resembles it
in many ways, with the combination of parkland and links styles. The front nine
has even terrain, while the back nine has more swerves and deeper bunkers. The
course opened the year after National Golf Links. Pete Dye did a renovation in
1987, and the par-71 course now plays at 6,723 yards.

Here Macdonald made the par-4 eighth his version of the Road Hole. The par-4
12th is Prestwick. A favorite is the 450-yard, par-4 14th hole, which has an
elevated tee and requires a long carry over a pair of bunkers at the
right-center of the fairway.

Shinnecock Hills Golf Club
Southampton

This is the crown jewel of Long Island courses, listed annually by Golf Magazine
and Golf Digest as one of the top 10 courses in the world. Designed in stages by
Willie Davis, Willie Dunn, Charles Macdonald, Howard Toomey and Richard Flynn
and built by Shinnecock Indians (who also served as course superintendents
during much of the 1900's), it was only the second (after the Chicago Golf Club)
18-hole course in the United States when it opened in 1895.

The history of golf in America and certainly that of the United States Golf
Association, its governing body, are intertwined with Shinnecock Hills. The
second United States Open was held here in 1896; after a long hiatus, the
national championship returned in 1986 and 1995, and will be played here again
next June.

In preparation for the 2004 Open, a few holes have been lengthened so that the
par-70 course will exceed 7,000 yards, and the rough, already a nightmare for
those who miss the narrow fairways, is being allowed to grow even thicker. But
some things about this exceptional course will not change. It is a links-like
course with few trees, malevolent rough and fast greens set among deep bunkers.

The 11th and 14th holes made the Golf Magazine top-100 list. The 11th is a par 3
with four bunkers guarding the green. The 14th has an elevated tee, then a
valley, then a fairway that gets more narrow as it approaches the well-bunkered
green.

Come next June, as they try repeatedly to hack out of the high, wispy rough,
players in the Open may wonder how Corey Pavin, the 1995 Open champion, managed
to shoot even par.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The second hole at the Bridge, built on the site of the old
Bridgehampton Race Circuit. (Photo by Gordon M. Grant for The New York Times);
Long Island's best golf courses provide more than just a stiff challenge of
golfing skill. They are an aesthetic delight, too. Above, a sunset view of the
sixth hole at the Maidstone Golf Club, skirting Hook Pond in East Hampton. At
left, the iconic windmill overlooking the 16th hole at the National Golf Links
of America in Southampton. Below left, the finishing hole at the men-only Garden
City Golf Club, which is notable for its natural design. (Photographs by Gordon
M. Grant for The New York Times); (Photo by Ed Betz for The New York Times)(pg.
20); The 15th hole at the Nassau Country Club, a classic late-19th-century
parklands course in Glen Cove, where the Nassau betting system was devised.
(Photo by Ed Betz for The New York Times); The Shinnecock Hills Golf Club is the
crown jewel of Long Island courses. Next June, the finest golfers in the world
will make this walk up the 18th fairway when they compete in the United States
Open. (Photo by Gordon M. Grant for The New York Times)(pg. 21)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 27, 2003 Wednesday

Tricks, trash and triumph

BYLINE: AARON SHAROCKMAN

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 546 words


(ran SS edition of METRO & STATE)

Sitting in a small backhoe, 42-year-old Kenny Gaston was inches from dropping a
golf ball into a white foam cup. Sweat dripped from the back of his neck and a
small puff of smoke piped out of his cigar.

The time to beat was 45 seconds, and Gaston carried the ball in a large spoon
duct-taped to the machine's heavy metal bucket.

Gaston, an employee with Tampa's Parks and Recreation Department, was one of 275
parks workers from across Florida who turned mowing lawns and picking up trash
into sport Tuesday at Fred Howard Park. The group competed in the Florida
Recreation and Parks Association Grounds Maintenance Rodeo as part of the
association's annual conference.

"We just don't mow grass," said Leah Hoffman, the Pinellas County parks and
recreation operations manager who helped organize the rodeo. "This is a chance
to show off our skills."

Parks departments from Orlando to Sarasota sent teams of four to test their
outdoor know-how. Grounds maintenance rodeos began in Florida in 1995 and have
grown bigger every year, Hoffman said.

This year, parks employees could drive a John Deere tractor through a miniature
race course, finagle heavy equipment through tight spaces and push a bouncy ball
through a winding course with a leaf blower.

"It's harder than it looks," said Tampa parks worker Don Juttner, who just
finished fighting his red ball around the course. "That ball does not want to go
the right way."

At the plant identification stand, workers matched clues to plants they could
encounter during their work. For instance, clue No. 6 was: "I grow 6 feet and
drop my head and hang my seeds on one side only. Who am I?"

The answer, said Nick Kelso, Juttner's supervisor: lopsided Indian grass.

But Juttner wasn't interested in learning the identities of the local shrubs.

"I'm a labor-intensive guy," he said. "I'll pull or rip anything. But that's
about all."

This is Juttner's second rodeo. He likes the competition, but he also enjoys
meeting other parks workers and seeing what types of equipment they use.

Joe Webb said he wished he brought his own claw to pick up garbage at the
four-person trash relay.

"It would have made all the difference," Webb said.

Webb, who works for Pasco County Parks and Recreation, said he loves his job:
even when it means picking up trash in 90-degree heat. Even picking up trash
just for fun.

"This is the best thing we do all year," he said.

Kenny Gaston would be happy to invite Webb and his Pasco team to Tampa the day
after Gasparilla for some further pleasure.

"The trash I could do without," Gaston said. "In 22 years on the job, I've seen
my share of trash; I don't need to pick it up for fun."

Gaston said he's always been a winner at these rodeos. But Tuesday was tough.
His team earned only one point out of 16 at the Turf Tiger obstacle course,  and
early rules violations in other events kept his group back in the pack.

The backhoe was Gaston's last shot, his chance at redemption. But there,  too,
no luck. A jerk of the lever dropped Gaston's ball to the grass, inches past the
cup.

"I used  to win this every year," Gaston said. "I guess I'm in a slump."

- Aaron Sharockman can be reached at (727) 771-4303 or asharockman@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; METRO & STATE

SERIES: TARPON SPRINGS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CARRIE PRATT, (2); Matthew Creighton, a Dunedin city parks
worker, picks up pieces of trash to compete in the trash run relay during a
grounds maintenance rodeo held in Tarpon Springs. (ran LA, CT, NT) ; Ron Hom, a
Largo city parks worker, rejoices after sending a; ball through a tube during
the blower ball relay Tuesday in Tarpon Springs at the Florida Recreation and
Parks Association Grounds Maintenance Rodeo. (ran LA, CT, NT)

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 19, 2009 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Never mind the razzle, there's still much to dazzle

BYLINE: Reviewed by Jason Blake

SECTION: @ THE WEEKEND; Arts; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 449 words


MUSICALCHICAGOLyric Theatre, Star City, May 17Until August 9ACCORDING to
Chicago's celebrity lawyer Billy Flynn, the old razzle-dazzle works wonders in
the courtroom. But there's no room for fakes and finagles on this stage.In Ann
Reinking's and Walter Bobbie's staging of the musical, stripped of scenery,
period costume and pretty lights, everything depends on the ensemble's precision
and silky skills. The audience will spot anything less than razor-sharp in an
instant.

The book has its roots in a now forgotten 1926 play by a former court reporter,
Maurine Dallas Watkins, who had covered the sensational trials of Belva Gaertner
and Beulah Sheriff Annan, both of whom had shot their lovers in drunken rages.
Good women corrupted by hard liquor and bad men, it was argued. Both walked
free. After Watkins's death in 1969 John Kander, Fred Ebb and Bob Fosse seized
on the plot and reframed the story in a vaudeville context. Gaertner became
Velma Kelly; Annan, Roxie Hart. Together they became one of the great double
acts in one of the truly timeless works of musical theatre. In this version,
which originated in New York in 1996, the orchestra sits on stage, tiered like
jurors. As they play the brassy, blaring score, the characters emerge from the
shadows to present "a story of murder, greed, corruption, violence,
exploitation, adultery and treachery. All those things we hold near and dear to
our hearts." It's a deeply sardonic portrait of American values.Caroline
O'Connor reprises the part of the wiry, scheming Velma she played in Sydney a
decade ago and she is in complete command of all aspects of the role, matching a
fiercely tight ensemble opener, All That Jazz, move for move. And she has to be
right on top of her game throughout because Sharon Millerchip is outstanding as
her partner-in-crime Roxie Hart, a deliciously wicked mix of kitten and vixen -
a wiser, dirtier and more knowing Roxie than Chelsea Gibb's portrayal in the
1999 production. That show was Velma's. This one - by a nose - is Roxie's.Those
who can't get their heads around the idea of Craig McLachlan as Billy Flynn are
in for a surprise. Looking every inch the Yale man, he imbues Flynn with the
kind of smirking gravitas you might expect from a heavy hitter such as Kelsey
Grammer.The vocal strength of Gina Riley's Mama Morton is a surprise, too. When
You're Good To Mama is a fraction shouty in the final bars but her duet with
O'Connor, Class, is just that. Excellent work, too, from Damien Birmingham as
Amos Hart, who self-erases very poignantly into Mr Cellophane.There aren't many
things you can bank on these days, it seems, but this sexy, pin-sharp and near
flawless production is one of them.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sexy and pin sharp . . . the production strips away scenery and
period costumes but the cast, including Caroline O'Connor (centre), more than
compensates. Photo: Jacky Ghossein

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

LET 'EM ROLL! CASINOS TO OPEN AS N.J. PACT STRUCK

BYLINE: BY DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With Helen Kennedy in Atlantic
City

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 517 words


ON THE SIXTH DAY, they cut a deal.

New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine and state lawmakers agreed yesterday to end the
government shutdown that has closed casinos, scrapped the lottery and forced
80,000 people out of work.

Democrats in the Assembly accepted Corzine's proposal to hike the state sales
tax from 6% to 7% after he agreed to earmark half the $1.1 billion in extra
revenue for property-tax relief this year.

A somber Corzine said he was still upset about the economic damage wrought by
the nearly week-long standoff.

"We have much more to do in the coming months and years to fix our state's
public finances," Corzine said. "This absolutely must not happen again."

It was expected to take at least 24 hours for the deal to become law, meaning
the casinos stayed shuttered. But slot machine-starved gamblers in Atlantic City
were hoping casinos could somehow finagle a way to get the doors open even
sooner.

Corzine's opponents apologized for the painful shutdown and said the tax relief
made the deal a reasonable tradeoff.

"This is a very, very fair resolution: good for the state, good for the
taxpayers," said Democratic Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts.

GOP lawmakers branded the agreement a trick that would provide no real tax
relief.

"Robbing Peter to pay Paul is not the solution to our property-tax crisis," said
Senate Minority Leader Leonard Lance.

The budget battle had been brewing since Corzine took office and proclaimed
himself on a mission to close a $4.5 billion budget gap without accounting
gimmicks and one-time fiscal Band-Aids.

But his fellow Democrats balked at the plan to hike taxes, fearing a voter
rebellion like the one sparked by former Gov. Jim Florio in the early '90s.

When the Legislature failed to come up with a spending plan by the July 1
deadline, Corzine ordered state offices shut down Saturday.

All nonessential state government operations closed, and Corzine furloughed more
than half the state's employees and shut down race tracks and casinos.

Just 36,000 workers in vital roles such as child welfare, state police and
mental hospitals remained on the job.

With the casinos sidelined, Atlantic City was a virtual ghost town yesterday as
hotel guests checked out and the usual parade of day-tripper-packed buses stayed
home. Parking lots stood empty, cavernous marble lobbies echoed with single
footsteps and the famous boardwalk looked barren.

"It's like the middle of January and there's a 100-year blizzard outside, that's
how many people are here," said Mark Juliano, chief operating officer of Trump's
casinos.

dgoldiner@nydailynews.com

Graphic: BACK IN BUSINESS.

Here's a look at key provisions of the budget deal and the impact of the six-day
standoff:

State sales tax will rise from 6% to 7%.

Half the $1.1 billion in extra revenue will go to property-tax relief this year.

If voters approve, between $5 billion and $10 billion from the sales-tax hike
could be used to ease property taxes in the next five years.

Every day of the shutdown, the state lost at least $4.5 million - $1.3 million
in casino taxes, $2.2 million in lottery revenue and $1 million at the race
tracks.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, JULIA XANTHOS Vacationers at bar in Atlantic
City's Showboat casino watch N.J. Gov. Jon Corzine on TV. What else to do with
games shut down?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ALL THE ACES

SECTION: STARFORM;SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 384 words


REDTOOTH RABID IN READING Leg 7 is the penultimate event in the first season of
the "Redtooth Poker Tour" and it kicks off at the Genting Casino, Reading, at 1
p.m. tomorrow. Capped at just 100 players, the No-Limit Hold'em freezeout
tournament comes with a tiny £15+£5 buy-in. The main prize on offer is one of
Redtooth's coveted Vegas100 seats - the opportunity to take a kind of a busman's
holiday to Las Vegas, next May, in order to compete for the right to call
yourself the Redtooth UK Pub Poker Champion. A title, trophy, cash, plus all the
free beer you can possibly finagle out of landlords up and down the country -
what more could you want?! The final event in this inaugural "Redtooth Poker
Tour" will take place late next month in Torquay - but you can always go gunning
for a Vegas100 seat via your local Redtooth Pub Poker League... (see
http://redtoothpoker.com).BE A RAZZY RASCAL Suppose you're playing Razz in a
H.O.R.S.E. tournament.

You are now heads-up on seventh street. You called sixth street with the makings
of a wheel hoping to outdraw your opponent but you missed out and landed a Ten
instead. Now you've got: (Two-Three)-Ace-Four-Queen-King-(Ten). Your opponent
has (X-X)-Seven-Eight-Nine-Jack-(X). He bets. Put your thinking cap on. He
wouldn't bet a Nine low, especially as you've got two low cards showing, because
he'd be afraid you nailed your hand on seventh street. So it looks like he has
an Eight low. He's making out like he isn't afraid that you made your draw, but
that means he may be bluffing. Given the pot size on seventh street, you should
always call if there's a chance your opponent is bluffing. Cross your fingers
and make the call!

HEADS-UP CHERRY-ON-TOPPING Make sure you study, absorb and utilise the concept
of making thin value-bets when playing heads-up NLH cash games. With top pair
usually good enough to value bet through all three streets of a heads-up pot,
you should also be looking to make thin value-bets on your second pair, good
kicker type hands when up against opponents who show a willingness to call down
with anything. Even if you get called by a better hand, it can still serve you,
as your opponent will now know you are ready to value-bet thinly and that will
further disguise your bluffs and enable you to get away with more of them.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2013 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday

Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky., Chris Harris column

BYLINE: Chris Harris, Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1244 words


Feb. 14--SOMERSET -- Valentine's Day is something that you have to just sort of
... survive.

For single people, that's particularly true. Speaking as perhaps Somerset's most
eligible bachelor -- if I were to get any more eligible, I could probably
finagle my own reality show on ABC -- I can tell you just about every paragraph
in the "Valentine's Day Survival Guide" handbook.

Denial? Check. Decry the holiday as a crass invention of the greeting
card/floral/chocolate corporate machine? Check. Stay indoors? Check. Board up
the windows and barricade the doors, a la "Night of the Living Dead"? Check and
check.

None of it really helps though, not when you're subjected to the sights and
sounds of Valentine's commercialization for weeks in advance, pretty much as
soon as New Year's Day ends. There are times when walking into the grocery store
and immediately being confronted with a wall of red, heart-shaped balloons and
an army of diaper-clad cherubs pointing their bows-and-arrows at you firing
squad-style makes you think, "This is what hell must look like." You half-expect
to be guided down all nine circles of the inferno, witnessing weeping, gnashing
of teeth, and torture-minded demons in the shape of giant plush teddy bears
(occasionally dressed like Elvis).

Okay, maybe that's a bit dramatic. But the point is this: Being exposed to
secondhand mushiness is harmful to your health. If Somerset's officials are
really so concerned about things like smoking in public places, maybe they
should do something about Valentine's pollution in our stores and what it does
to the mental health and blood pressure levels of the lovelorn. I'd rather have
the smoke, frankly.

Of course, it's no picnic for the attached among us either. We've all seen the
guy -- or maybe you've even been the guy -- aimlessly wandering the candy aisle
at 5:45 p.m. on February 14, searching in desperation for a last-minute token of
affection meant to stave off a stint in the doghouse more than anything else.

Personally, I kind of enjoy having the excuse to do something sappy and
frivolous when I have the opportunity, but I'm weird like that. For people who
aren't hard-wired that way, there's a lot of pressure involved here. Take the
worst part of Christmas -- the expectations that you MUST get someone a gift and
the anxiety many associate with that custom -- narrow it down to the one person
whose emotions have the most direct impact on your own well-being, and remove
all the fun stuff about Christmas (Santa, decorating the tree, watching Charlie
Brown and the Grinch every year). There you go. That's Valentine's Day ... for
most of the guys lucky enough to have a Valentine, anyway.

The dissatisfaction around the day leads to an oft-heard protest: Why limit
expressions of love to this day? Shouldn't that be something you do every day of
the year? It's pretty sad if you only bother to declare your feelings in the
form of a heart-shaped box of chocolates once every February.

And to an extent, that's true. That doesn't mean that Valentine's Day can't
serve a valuable purpose, though.

I think we really do overlook the people in our lives whom we love. Not just
significant others, but parents, adult children (or maybe even young children),
brothers, sisters, friends, mentors ... there's a lot of different types of love
out there, but how often do we tell these people that we love them in that way?

The ancient Greeks -- who were pretty smart, all things considered -- boiled
love down into four distinct types: Agape (unconditional love, as you might feel
for family, for your children, or in a more religious sense, what Christians
believe that Jesus Christ felt for us on the cross); Eros (intimate, romantic,
passionate love -- the kind that tends to get stressed on Valentine's Day);
Phila (brotherly love, as in "Philadelphia" -- friendship, loyalty, and a sense
of community); and Storge (typically referring to familial affection).

The point? Love isn't just something sugary we share with a romantic partner.
Not to quote the British rock band The Troggs (and Bill Nighy's character in
"Love Actually"), but love is all around us -- opportunities to love,
opportunities to show love, and opportunities to receive it.

I think we take it for granted. I know I do. My family has always been there for
me, ever since I was a little child. My friends put up with a lot of nonsense
from me but do happily. Even my co-workers make me smile numerous times per day.
I can honestly say I love virtually all these people in some form or fashion ...
but I very rarely tell them that.

The reasons why we don't are many. Sometimes it seems awkward to say. Sometimes
you're not sure how to express it. Sometimes you might not feel worthy of their
love, and don't want to bring it up. Much of the time, you're simply too busy
with life to focus on these things. They know you love them, right? Right. We'll
worry about telling them that later. One of these days.

Except we shouldn't take it for granted. Love gets twisted, abused -- more
easily than we'd like to admit. Sitting in a newsroom with a police scanner, you
hear about this frequently. Domestic disputes happen just about every day in
this county. Husbands and wives fighting. Custody battles. Ex-boyfriends showing
up at someone's house, unable to let go. Parents and children at war with each
other.

Sometimes it turns violent. Sometimes tension in the home results in battered
spouses, or abused children. Jealousy can easily turn friendships sour. Paranoia
and distrust creep into our lives and tear relationships apart.

This thing we call "love" -- whomever we feel it for -- is oh, so fragile. So
many things can cause it damage. Our human weaknesses make sure of this. How
often do those weaknesses manifest themselves, however, in comparison to the
frequency with which we tell our loved ones how much they mean to us? I'm
guessing that the ratio for many of us isn't so great.

So use this Valentine's Day as an opportunity. Come on, it's just one day,
right? You can do this. Whether you're single, dating, married, divorced, a mom,
a dad, a friend, a brother, a sister, whatever -- use Valentine's Day as an
excuse to make the time to share your feelings with the person or people you
love.

No more putting it off. Give them a call. Go out to lunch. Write them a letter.
An email. Post it on Facebook. Heck, give in and buy a greeting card. Just make
sure they know you aren't taking their presence in your life for granted -- it
matters to you.

It doesn't have to be a hollow day for gratuitous candy purchases. It can be a
chance to renew the bonds you share with the truly important people in your live
-- a day when we celebrate all loves, not just greedy Eros.

That way, the next time you see that ominous cluster of red balloons in the
store, it won't fill you with a sense of dread. You'll see it and it will remind
you that, hey, someone actually cares about me, and I care about them too.
That's really pretty remarkable when you really think about it, isn't it? All
the things in life that could go wrong, that tear us apart, yet you still have
this very human connection -- it's pretty special actually.

Remember this, and Valentine's Day isn't just about surviving crude heart shapes
-- it's about enjoying the shape of your entire life.

___ (c)2012 the Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Ky.) Visit the Commonwealth
Journal (Somerset, Ky.) at somerset-kentucky.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120214-CG-Commonwealth-Journal-Somerset-Ky-Chris-Harris-column-0214-20120214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CG


                      Copyright 2012 Commonwealth Journal


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              July 3, 2007 Tuesday

COURTSIDE;
Lucky Carter

BYLINE: Anthony L. Cuaycong

SECTION: Pg. S2/7

LENGTH: 351 words


Vince Carter should consider himself lucky. Even after a poor play-off stint in
which he averaged three points less than his regular season norm and failed to
hit 40% of his shots, he still managed to finagle a 4-year, $61.8-million
contract from New Jersey. And it was exactly what he wanted; although he opted
out of the final year of his existing deal, the move was aimed more at claiming
longer-term security than at obtaining freedom to move elsewhere.

For Carter, it helped that he carried the endorsement of teammates in general,
and of acknowledged locker-room leader Jason Kidd in particular. And with
franchise owner Bruce Ratner clearly taken by his highlight-film style of play,
his retention was all but inevitable. In fact, he continued to work out in New
Jersey's practice facility following its ouster in the second round of the
postseason, and it needed just a single day to hammer out the terms of his new
accord with Kurt Schoeppler, his agent.

Not that New Jersey had much choice, as well. With a planned move to Brooklyn
injecting no small measure of uncertainty to its future and luxury tax concerns
limiting its ability to attract desirable talents, it likely felt that keeping
its nucleus of Kidd, Carter, and Richard Jefferson was in its best interests. No
doubt, it was buoyed by the projected return to action of frontliner Nenad
Krstic, who proved crucial to its stellar showing in its 2005-06 campaign, and
whose knee injury the following season hampered its competitiveness.

Nonetheless, the onus is on Carter to validate his superstar salary scale. For
all his skills, he has yet to definitively silence critics mindful of his
seeming lack of intestinal fortitude. The good news is that he will have ample
opportunity to shine, especially in the shallow Eastern Conference. If deeply
flawed Cleveland was able to ride on the coattails of a single marquee name to
the finals, so, too, can New Jersey dream of making another stab at the Larry
O'Brien Trophy with Kidd and Jefferson backstopping him. Half man, half amazing?
Or half man, half a season? Only he can provide the answer.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 16, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Cropp Vowed to Back Deal, Mayor Believed;
Chairman Admits Blindsiding Williams

BYLINE: Lori Montgomery, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A18

LENGTH: 916 words


On Monday night, hours before the D.C. Council was set to cast a final vote on
his plan to finance a new baseball stadium, Mayor Anthony A. Williams and
Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp met to work out a few last details.

"So, am I going to be happy or unhappy tomorrow?" the mayor asked Cropp when the
meeting ended.

"I think you're going to be pleased," she replied.

As they parted ways, the mayor and chairman understood that exchange to mean two
very different things.

Williams (D) was convinced that Cropp had promised to deliver the votes for his
baseball package, officials said. But Cropp (D) said she was optimistic because
she thought that Williams had agreed to go back to Major League Baseball
officials and finagle a few last concessions to lower the public cost of the
ballpark.

Over the next 24 hours, that gap in understanding between the city's two most
powerful political leaders grew into a vast divide. On Tuesday, Williams
wandered into the council chambers expecting to watch the triumphant finale of
his six-year campaign to bring baseball back to the nation's capital. Instead,
he sat in stunned silence as Cropp rammed through an amendment so poisonous to
baseball officials that yesterday they halted ticket sales and canceled the
scheduled unveiling of Washington Nationals uniforms.

Supporters and opponents of the baseball deal yesterday debated what drove Cropp
to drop her bombshell and whether Williams should have known something was
amiss.

In several interviews, Cropp acknowledged blindsiding the mayor, her council
colleagues and even members of her staff with the amendment, which required that
half of the cost of the ballpark come from private financing. She said she
drafted it late in the day, "as I listened to the debate, and the concerns I've
had over the past couple of months kind of percolated."

Those concerns prompted her to demand two weeks ago that Williams go back to
baseball officials and renegotiate portions of the stadium agreement that the
city and Major League Baseball signed in late September. Among her demands: The
city should be able to use the stadium more often. The team should provide more
benefits to the community. The city's liability should be limited if the
ballpark is not ready for the 2008 season. And most important to Cropp, the city
should be able to pursue private financing instead of being required to build
the stadium with new taxes.

Cropp acknowledged that the list of concessions Williams presented to her Monday
night met every one of those demands. But she said she wanted more, and that she
gave Williams "language, amendments I had written" to take back to baseball
officials. She described those amendments yesterday in vague terms, saying she
wanted more "shared costs."

When baseball sent a final version of the list to Cropp about noon Tuesday, it
did not contain any of those revisions, she said. She distributed it to her
council colleagues, and many of them mocked it from the dais as petty and
insubstantial.

"I told her, 'Mrs. Cropp, all they're doing is regurgitating.' I think that
really made her mad," said council member Carol Schwartz (R-At Large).

Cropp said the debate helped to crystallize her thinking and convinced her that
drastic action was needed.

"I consistently said I will not vote for this unless I get some changes," Cropp
said. "And I realized there were not substantive changes."

Furious, Williams bolted from the chamber before the council took a final vote.

Williams was still so angry yesterday that he refused to speak directly with
Cropp, according to his aides. City Administrator Robert C. Bobb met with her
after the vote. Bobb said the mayor thought he had been badly betrayed.

"We met with her and her staff twice [late Monday] and we felt like all of her
concerns were answered," Bobb said. "If she had raised these problems the night
before, we could have addressed them."

Bobb declined to say whether he still trusts Cropp, who has appeared to pull the
rug out from under the stadium deal three times over the past month. "I believe
in conspiracy theories," he said, smiling.

Council member Harold Brazil (D-At Large), a baseball booster, called Cropp's
maneuver an "ambush" and accused her of tacking the poison-pill amendment onto
the baseball bill in hopes of gaining political advantage in the 2006 race for
mayor.

Polls show that a majority of city residents oppose public funding of a
ballpark.

But council member Jack Evans (D-Ward 2), the mayor's closest ally on baseball,
said he believes Cropp was worn down after a daylong barrage of criticism from
two ardent opponents of the stadium deal: council members Adrian M. Fenty
(D-Ward 4) and David A. Catania (I-At Large.)

"You have Catania on one side and Fenty on the other talking at you for 13
hours. That's enough to drive anyone crazy," Evans said.

Watching the council late Tuesday, a viewer could get the impression that Cropp
had been confused. When she first explained her amendment -- which voids the
stadium financing package unless the mayor delivers about $150 million in
private investments -- Cropp said it would take effect only if the mayor
blatantly ignores a viable private-financing package.

Evans initially described the amendment as "friendly." But after Fenty, Catania
and Schwartz demanded clarification, Cropp explained, to everyone's surprise,
that the stadium deal would die without private funds.

Staff writers David Nakamura and Yolanda Woodlee contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

From pre-med to pre-flight checks: Misericordia students plan annual conference

BYLINE: Mark Guydish, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


March 11--DALLAS TWP. -- Barring some emergency elsewhere, a Geisinger Life
Flight helicopter will touch down at Misericordia University, a free chance for
any high school and college students to peruse its panels and eyeball its
equipment.

Not that such an opportunity has a special allure to pre-med student Joshua
Papp.

"I've been up a few times," the senior from Sunbury said with a glint of a sly
smile. And how did a college undergrad finagle that feat? "I work in two
emergency rooms. I know people."

A future doctor and current emergency room adrenaline junkie, Papp is a member
of the University's American Medical Student Association Club, which will stage
its second annual pre-medical conference March 21.

The theme -- and the explanation of the helicopter's planned appearance -- is
"From the classroom to Life Flight: Medical Technology." The keynote speaker:
Dr. Samuel Slimmer, associate staff physician in the Department of Emergency
Medicine at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center.

U.S. Army Staff Sgt Jason DiGangi, center commander of the Wilkes-Barre Medical
Recruiting Station, will also speak, as will Misericordia associate biology
professor and pre-medical adviser Anthony Serino, and University biochemistry
major Jeremy Osko.

Osko "did research on e-cigarettes," said club member and pre-med student Rachel
Bonn, who is also helping organize the event. "It shows that students here can
do research."

Alexandra Wagner, a sophomore from Tamaqua, said last year's event drew "about
100 people," and that "this year's goal is 125."

While the conference is designed to provide students and parents some exposure
to the wide range of choices in the medical field, this trio confessed they
didn't need that extra push before enrolling for pre-med. All three had the
doctor bug early in life thanks to multiple family members in the field.

"I learned my alphabet by alphabetizing my dad's charts," Mountain Top resident
Bonn admitted with a laugh, noting her general practice father brought his work
home with him sometimes. Presumably she learned her alphabet before the federal
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act put tight controls on
medical record confidentiality.

And did she ever fly in a helicopter?

"Yes," she replied with an almost straight face. "If you count those little ones
at Knoebels.

"Well, you didn't specify."

Fair enough. Next time the question will include an explicit exclusion: "Other
than amusement park kiddie copters."

Reach Mark Guydish at 570-991-6112 or on Twitter @TLMarkGuydish

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150311-WB-From-pre-med-to-pre-flight-checks-Misericordia-students-plan-annual-
conference-0311-20150311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 17, 2006 Friday

'The Producers' falls short in every respect;
The adaptation lacks in comedy and entertainment

BYLINE: TIM BRECHLIN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. c18

LENGTH: 653 words


When you sit down and think about it, the recent release of "The Producers" has
a very strange pedigree: It's an adaptation of a hit Broadway musical that was
itself a remake of a rather forgettable film from 1968.

Apparently, something got lost in translation here.

It started off simple enough. After his latest Broadway flop, producer Max
Bialystock (Nathan Lane, reprising his Broadway role) hatches a plan with his
new accountant (Matthew Broderick, also returning to a role he originated):
finagle $2 million from investors, stage the most awful and unwatchable show
possible, and run off with the unused money.

The pair find what they believe to be their mother lode: A neo-Nazi musical
titled "Springtime for Hitler," a loving retelling of Adolf Hitler's rise to
power. Imagine their surprise when the show is a success.

The biggest problem with "The Producers" is not with the source material.
Granted, it's not the best source material from which to work. With a few barely
notable exceptions, the music is not memorable and the lyrics aren't nearly as
funny or witty as they try to be, and the story itself is hardly inspired.

But even so, it's not a terrible base and with a decent handling of the actors
and a good interpretation of the script, it could have become a fairly decent
film.

Unfortunately, "The Producers" botches that requirement and becomes a nearly
unwatchable disaster.

By all accounts, Susan Stroman did a fantastic job directing and choreographing
the original stage musical. But that credit doesn't necessarily equate to talent
in film direction, and it certainly doesn't in this case. Stroman's direction is
an unmitigated failure.

The film feels like such a slavish attempt to carry over as much of the original
production as possible that one crucial detail was overlooked. Apparently, no
one realized that this was a movie and not a play.

Stage and film are two entirely different media. Rob Marshall understood this
when he made "Chicago." Stroman apparently does not. Characters in "The
Producers" play with all the subtlety of a Fourth of July fireworks display,
often playing directly to the camera. They're loud, they're obnoxious and in
many cases, it kills any humor that could be found in the scenes.

This sort of bravado is necessary on stage, when one is playing to rows upon
rows of audience members, feeding off their reactions and building magic with
them, but it is sorely misplaced in a film.

The entire visual style, which is an obvious attempt to re-create the grandeur
of musicals from the 1950s, is equally loud and obnoxious.

Besides the viewers, Broderick and Lane are the biggest victims of Stroman's
folly. These are two of the finest comedic actors of this era, and they are
forced into playing so over-the-top that even William Shatner would have to say,
"Tone it down!"

Uma Thurman shows off a better than expected singing voice, and most of the rest
of the supporting cast acquit themselves relatively well, but no one is spared
from the ridiculous direction of the film.

There's simply nothing crowd-pleasing about this horrible movie.

Viewers would be better off finding a videotape of the Broadway production and
merely watching that. At least in that case, no one would have to deal with an
awful, awful performance by Will Ferrell, who manages to somehow be even louder
and more annoying than Lane, who will never be mistaken for a subtle or quiet
actor.

But in the end, the biggest complaint I can level at "The Producers" is quite
simple: It's boring.

All the sound and fury that ultimately signifies nothing simply becomes
background noise after 30 minutes, and the music and lyrics aren't nearly clever
enough to make up for it. It's a musical that isn't entertaining and a comedy
that isn't funny.

Brechlin, 21, is the owner of TB Media Concepts, a video production company in
Dubuque. He one day hopes to understand why no one ever watched "Arrested
Development."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Burbank Leader (Glendale, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

For city of Burbank employees, home isn't often where the job is

BYLINE: Alene Tchekmedyian, Burbank Leader, Glendale, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


July 18--Most city employees commute to Burbank from elsewhere, which city
executives said is a personal choice for employees that may depend on individual
circumstances like economics, family ties and practicality.

Of the city's 1,550 employees, 38% live in Burbank, according to an analysis of
city data.

"Our employees love their connection to the community and school system, so I'm
not surprised so many choose to live here," City Manager Mark Scott said via
email. "For some, though, it's just not reasonable or logistically possible."

Affordability plays a role in the decision, as well as the fact that some
employees have spouses that work in a different direction, and other families
are already attached to a neighborhood or school system, he said.

Of all the city departments, the fire department has the least number of
employees who live locally, with 13% of the 130 living in Burbank. A handful of
firefighters hail from as far as Lake Arrowhead, San Diego and Goleta.

"The fire service is a competitive field and we attract candidates from all over
California," said Burbank Fire Chief Tom Lenahan. "You're basically always
trying to look at getting [the] best candidate that you possibly can."

With the nine-day scheduling cycle in which firefighters work 24-hour shifts
on-and-off for five consecutive days, followed by four days off, employees can
finagle their schedules to work multiple days in a row, or carpool, to cut the
frequency of the lengthy commute.

"It seems like the guys that live the farthest are here the most," Lenahan said.

Scott, meanwhile, said he's lived in four of the five cities he's managed, which
he enjoys. Even so, he's faced personal and financial hits as a result of the
moving.

"I've lost all Prop.13 protections, my kids have had interruptions in time with
Dad, my 88-year-old mother was traumatized by news reports and blogs (in
Fresno), and there's no such thing as a quick trip to the store," Scott said.

But he loves getting stopped at the grocery store, as it's often an opportunity
to collaborate with residents.

"But I don't write traffic tickets or red tag buildings under construction," he
said.

Burbank resident and employee Drew Sugars felt it was important for him, as the
city's spokesman, to live in the community. Plus, as a father of three, the
schools are great and his commute is short, he said.

"I can go weeks without going on a freeway because I have everything I need in
this city," he said.

Lenahan, meanwhile, has raised three kids in Santa Clarita, where he's lived
since 1986. For him, as well as others who bought homes and started their
families elsewhere, it would be impractical to move.

"It's hard to relocate somewhere when your family's been raised in a certain
neighborhood and they're used to that school system and growing up there," he
said. "That'd be a drastic change."

Judie Wilke, director of parks, recreation and community services, moved back to
Burbank, her hometown, from Santa Clarita after the Northridge earthquake. When
disaster struck, she was locked out of Burbank, separated from family and work.

"When the earthquake happened I decided I wouldn't live that far from work and
family," she said.

The parks and recreation department, one of the city's largest departments,
employs the most Burbank residents.

Nearly 60% of parks and recreation employees live in Burbank. Wilke,
speculating, said that could be because the department employs many college
students who are home over the summer, looking for work. But she also said she
could point to many employees of more than 20 years who live in town, as well as
employees who are equally dedicated but live elsewhere.

For Police Chief Scott LaChasse, who does not live in Burbank, what city
employees call homeis irrelevant.

"My biggest concern, as the chief of police for the city of Burbank, is that we
recruit and retain the best and the brightest -- and it's a collateral issue of
where somebody lives," he said.

___ (c)2014 the Burbank Leader (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Burbank Leader
(Glendale, Calif.) at www.burbankleader.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140718-1BU-For-city-of-Burbank-employees-home-isn-t-often-where-the-job-is-071
8-20140718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BU


                         Copyright 2014 Burbank Leader


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Debt tagging: When to call out collectors;
An agency's mistakes, harassment can become a consumer's nightmare

BYLINE: Sonja Ryst

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 1252 words


Michael L. Hughes started getting the harassing phone calls several months ago.
He figured they were from scammers and he tried to ignore them. Sometimes he'd
pick up the phone just to hang up on them. Finally, he decided to find out what
they wanted. The caller said Hughes was $12,000 in debt.

He checked his credit report and realized what had happened: The debt collectors
had the wrong person. His credit report showed a $12,000 debt -- for Michael B.
Hughes. They even worked at the same company. And now one's money troubles were
dragging down the other's credit.

"They don't give a flip," Michael L. Hughes said. "They're not paying people to
sit in an office and correct people's mistakes. They're in there to collect
money."

Credit experts liken the incident to a financially dangerous game of tag that
has become increasingly common as consumer-default rates hit record highs. Debt
tagging prompted a Federal Trade Commission investigation of Credit Bureau
Collection Services, or CBCS. The company agreed to pay more than $1 million to
settle charges that it violated federal law by inaccurately reporting credit
information and by pressing consumers to pay debts they often did not owe.

Hard times for consumers have meant boom times for debt collectors. And some can
get their hooks into people who have never missed a debt payment.

Sometimes, as in the case of Hughes, they go after people with the same names as
those who owe money. They might also relentlessly call wrong phone numbers,
hoping to pry information out of whoever answers. Some finagle enough
identifying information to make people seem liable for debts they never owed.

In the uncertain economy, people are especially sensitive to anything that can
hurt their credit rating. The FTC said it recognizes that third-party collectors
contact millions of people each year, and it receives more complaints about the
debt-collection industry than about any other.

In its 2010 annual report on the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the FTC
said it received 119,364 complaints about third-party and in-house debt
collectors in 2009, up from 104,766 the previous year. To be sure, people who
receive mistaken calls from debt collectors don't always report anything to
regulators. In Hughes's case, he contacted fraud resolution specialist Identity
Theft 911 to help repair the damage to his credit report. He said he hasn't
heard from collectors since.

Mark Schiffman, spokesman for the Minneapolis-based credit and collection trade
group ACA International, said the FTC does not separate consumer inquiries from
complaints. He added that his agency has always worked with the FTC to get more
clarity on its complaint data, but that it hasn't happened yet. "There are
complaints, but we take them seriously and are resolving them to the
satisfaction of our consumers," he said.

J. Reilly Dolan, assistant director of the FTC's Division of Financial Practices
in Washington, said his team made a point of bringing the CBCS case.

"It's not an isolated incident," Dolan said. "We want a case out there to make
sure everyone understands it's not acceptable." He said the FTC expects to
continue challenging such practices.

Kristin Mack Deuber, a spokeswoman for CBCS, said that the FTC's allegations
involved activities that took place years ago, from 2005 to 2007, and the
settlement didn't necessarily constitute a finding or admission by the company
that it violated the law.

Although the agency disagrees with the FTC, it said the best business decision
was to make the settlement. "We have implemented appropriate practices to comply
with the requirements" of the settlement and the laws governing the industry,
Mack Deuber said.

Even for those who aren't having run-ins with regulators, experts say tracking a
debt back to its rightful owner can be complicated. Creditors can unload their
debts onto others, sometimes for a fraction of the original value, and they
don't always pass on much information to debt buyers about who owes the money.
The debt can change hands multiple times, or even back and forth, and each
message from one owner to the next is a new opportunity for muddled information.

Valerie Hayes, general counsel for ACA, pointed out that mistakes cost debt
collectors time.

"They don't want to contact the wrong person any more than the wrong person
wants to be contacted," she said.

Hayes said debt collectors can err when the debtor has a different phone number
from the one first used. Sometimes telephone companies assign debtors' phone
numbers to someone else. Or someone who moves into the home of a debtor might
receive the person's bills or other communications.

Those seemingly random connections can pay off for collectors. Some will pursue
a person who might cave under pressure. Mark Fullbright, fraud specialist at
Identity Theft 911, said CBCS called one of his clients, Molly Harrington, and
managed to get her to divulge her Social Security number. Then Harrington,  75,
got a bill for $4,197 from an electric company for power at a home in Putnam,
Conn. But she was from Chepachet, R.I., and had never lived in Connecticut;
someone reported the debt under her name in her credit history early this year.

Fullbright ended up making the phone calls to remove the debt from her file. He
said that he was put on hold about eight times. When he challenged CBCS for
proof that Harrington  owed the money, he said, the collection agency didn't
tell him much until he threatened to report them. "I don't know how they let
this go on for such a long time," Fullbright said.

Mack Deuber, the CBCS spokeswoman, declined to comment on Harrington's  story.

If consumers see inaccuracies in their credit files, they can dispute them, as
Hughes did.

The credit reporting agency will then take the information and go back to the
source to verify, according to Susan Henson, a spokeswoman for Experian, one of
the major reporting agencies.

"The onus is on the original creditor to provide the proof," she said. The
process takes at most 30 days -- usually less -- and then Experian sends the
corrected report back to the consumer.

Jay Foley, executive director at the Identity Theft Resource Center, said a
person who feels harassed by a collector should write the agency and request
delivery confirmation. After the letter is sent explaining that the collector is
contacting the wrong person, the collector should stop. If not, consult a
lawyer. "Document everything," Foley said.

Consumers can find lawyers in their state on the Web site for the National
Association of Consumer Advocates.

Unfortunately, you might have to go through this process more than once.

After getting phone calls for many years about student loans that he didn't owe,
Kevin Pumphrey sued a collection agency in August 2007 for harassment.

The agency settled the case months later and left him alone, but other agencies
started calling. This spring, Pumphrey received several letters from a different
collection agency than the one he had sued. Pumphrey, a teacher in San Antonio,
figures that if he bothers with suing again, the agency will just sell the debt
and another collector will come after him anyway.

"Without knowing the details about this person's credit history and what other
agencies called, it's hard to understand why other agencies would be contacting
him," said Schiffman, a spokesman for ACA.

Pumphrey was past the point of trying to understand. "It's unbelievable," he
said.

Staff writer Ylan Mui and news researcher Meg Smith contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Melina Mara/the Washington Post; A debt collector mistakenly
said Michael L. Hughes owed $12,000.
IMAGE; Melina Mara/the Washington Post; Michael L. Hughes of Danville, Va.,
discovered when he read his credit report that he had been charged with someone
else's debt.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           February 7, 2007 Wednesday

Bypassing barriers for a passport;
MANAGING GLOBALIZATION

BYLINE: Daniel Altman - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 885 words


While global capital and trade flows continue to increase, and indeed to
accelerate, labor is the factor whose mobility always seems to lag. Political
and cultural constraints have slowed the formulation of economically driven
migration policies. As a result, people around the world have been resorting to
a much more idiosyncratic means of migration: the pursuit of citizenship.

Last week, the border crossings between Hong Kong and mainland China became the
setting for one of the most extreme reactions against one of the most extreme
forms of this pursuit. According to news reports, Hong Kong immigration officers
are now allowed to stop women in the final stages of pregnancy from entering
Hong Kong from mainland China, even using tape measures to ascertain their
medical status. The presumption is that they are trying to give birth in Hong
Kong so that their children will have a right to residency, and greater economic
opportunities, in the wealthy special administration region of China.

This practice is by no means confined to China. Migrants and even tourists from
around the world have long sought to give birth in the United States, where
citizenship is the reward for newborns on American soil. Even workers planning
to return to their countries may stay a little longer to ensure that their
children become Americans.

The European Union, too, is picking up new migrants via citizenship claims. In
many cases, a person whose grandparent is a citizen of a member can apply for
citizenship as well, as long as his or her parent also obtains citizenship. So,
for example, a woman whose grandfather was German can become a German citizen,
providing her father does as well.

This proviso has often come in handy for recruits to major soccer clubs from
South America, who usually manage to find enough ancestry in the Old World to
finagle a passport. It is also becoming easier to exploit as the European Union
grows and more attractive, too. At this point, a citizen of any member nation
gets the right to live and work in 27 countries. A man born in Canada who claims
Romanian citizenship, for instance, may do so only to take a job in France.

''Over the past several decades there's been a rise in dual and multiple
nationality,'' said Miriam Feldblum, who teaches in the humanities faculty at
the California Institute Technology. ''There are increased economic
opportunities when you're also nationals of both countries.''

It is happening at both ends of the income spectrum, too. ''We have two global
labor markets,'' said Saskia Sassen, a professor of sociology at the University
of Chicago. ''One is at the top, and one is at the bottom.'' There are
high-skilled people who use multiple nationalities to increase their earning
power, and low-skilled migrants trying to avoid legal problems in their new
homes.

In other words, citizenship is becoming less and less about patriotism. In
obtaining a second or even third nationality, earning a living is often a higher
priority than confirming a sense of identity and belonging. Seeking a better
deal from society can also be a prime motivation.

''People are shopping for bundles of rights nowadays,'' Sassen said. ''We know,
for example, that most Iraqi refugees are trying to go to Sweden, because the
word is out'' about the benefits offered to migrants there. The story may be the
same for undocumented immigrants fighting in the American armed forces and
hoping to gain citizenship, she said. ''We have immigrants, we now know, who
have come to the United States, who have been willing to make some tradeoff: 'I
will go and fight in Iraq, but in return I'm expecting X, Y, Z,''' she said.

These demand-side reasons for pursuing citizenship are fairly well known. But
there are supply-side factors that are increasing the number of people eligible
for multiple nationalities, too.

More countries, especially in Europe, have begun allowing women to hold on to
their original nationalities after marriage, said Feldblum, and then to pass
them to their children. And more countries have also been allowing migrants of
all types to hold on to their original nationalities after they obtain new ones
in foreign countries.

More Turks, for example, are pursuing German citizenship because Turkey allows
dual nationality. ''Now that they can have dual nationality, it makes them feel
better about being Germans, because they can keep their land back home,'' Sassen
said.

The same is true in Latin America, she said. ''The sending countries Columbia,
the Dominican Republic, Mexico have granted their diaspora voting rights in
their national elections,'' she said. ''You have a whole new, sovereign attempt
to gain some traction on the overseas migrants, no matter how poor they are.''

Even though people may pursue multiple nationalities for economic reasons, the
results do not necessarily serve the interests of the countries whose
nationalities they gain. It may be that a mainland Chinese mother who gives
birth in Hong Kong is economically ambitious, and will pass that spirit on to
her child. But her action is likely to yield far more idiosyncratic results than
the state-of-the-art in immigration policy: highly targeted programs that try to
select the most talented immigrants whose skills match the needs of local
industries.

***

E-mail: daltman@iht.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Weekend Australian

               August 20, 2005 Saturday All-round Review Edition

Give this Kiss a miss

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Simon Canning

SECTION: REVIEW; View, The; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 601 words


Rock School Ten, 7.30pm

THERE are many things young and gullible minds should not be subjected to.
Images of violence would top the list, followed by inappropriate language, poor
hygiene and nutrition. They also should not be exposed to social experimentation
or hastily convened reality television based on cute movie ideas.

And, finally, the formative mind should not be exposed to the influence of
former rock'n'rollers whose cultural influence was more cul-de-sac than cutting
edge.

Rock School is the latest in the ongoing assault of reality on prime-time TV
schedules, with the show based loosely on the significantly funnier movie
starring Jack Black, School of Rock. In the movie, a rock'n'roll deadbeat
finagles his way into a teaching job at a school and hits on the bright idea of
turning his students into a rock band. Rock School follows roughly the same
premise, only this time the teacher is in fact a bona fide rock star.

Gene Simmons found his measure of fame in the 1970s as the frontman for Kiss, a
band whose musical accomplishment didn't stretch as far as Simmons's own not
insubstantial tongue.

What the members of Kiss lacked in musical prowess they made up for by being
enthusiastic purveyors of glam rock. With more make-up and high heels than most
mums, Kiss were to rock'n'roll what the Shopping Channel is to Harrods.

Where bands such as Led Zeppelin redefined rock in the '70s, Kiss's career was
based on captivating large audiences of midwestern American youth who didn't
know any better.

The band members kept the intrigue flowing by never allowing their real faces to
be seen. Kiss was, in effect, little more than a smart marketing plan backing
some pretty average rock.

The setting for this little social experiment is Christ's Hospital School in
West Sussex, where Tudor-style uniforms and classical music are the flavour of
the day.

If the show has a redeeming feature, it's that Simmons lacks the shambling
incoherence of that other reality rock star, Ozzy Osbourne. Instead, all black
coats and sunglasses, he tries to coax a little personality out of a remarkably
difficult group of school students. These are kids who sit through their first
proper rock concert wearing earplugs or play air violin while Simmons is trying
to teach them the rudiments of air guitar.

Simmons's task is to put together in five weeks a band with enough personality
to open a concert for Motorhead (a band as loud as Kiss but perhaps with more
musical integrity). He must also contend with a level of precociousness
befitting a leading English boarding school.

This show has a feel different from that of another rock reality effort on pay
TV, Rock Star: INXS, where a great band has all but prostituted itself in the
name of programming. There are genuine moments of good humour as Simmons tries
to bring himself down to the level of his students, all the while appearing to
want them to rise to his. Perhaps a drunken night trashing hotel rooms is what
he really thinks will unleash the inner rock star in his students.

This is just the sort of spontaneous element the show lacks. Instead, we are
treated to a bunch of very smart children whose witty one-liners and subtle
character assassinations are at times more ugly than entertaining. The cruel
things kids say behind their parents' and friends' backs are captured on camera.

Simmons does his best to play the star, but without the comedic talent of Black
or the pacey writing School of Rock boasted, Rock School comes across as a
lightly baked version of what was a very funny film.

A bit like Kiss, really.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

TiVo Premiere's Service May Involve Cable Bother

BYLINE: By JOSHUA BRUSTEIN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Personal Tech; GADGETWISE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 601 words


9:44 p.m. Updated to clarify the pricing of Time Warner Cable's DVR service.

TiVo has a bit of a problem. It wants to be the future of television, seamlessly
mixing cable television with Internet programming. But it's still largely
thought of as a fancier version of the DVR available through the cable company.
And it asks for a lot more in return for its service than its clunkier
competitors in the world of DVRs do.

TiVo has been working diligently to distinguish itself. Its Premiere service
recently added Hulu Plus to its Internet offerings, which already include
Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, Blockbuster and Pandora. This week, TiVo
introduced a free iPhone app that allows you to use the phone as a remote if it
and your TiVo are connected to the same wireless network. An iPad app developed
earlier this year does the same thing. Through the the iPhone app, a user can
also set up shows to record from the road.

Of course, this comes with a price. The TiVo Premiere costs $99.99 and comes
with a $19.99 monthly charge. This would cost me more than getting Time Warner
Cable's DVR service, which is $12.95 a month. But, as I learned when TiVo
recently offered to let me try out the Premiere service in my apartment, it is
not all about the money.

To a certain extent, TiVo relies on cable providers to get its product into its
customers' hands, because its service has to work with their cable service. In
its most seamless form, this means that TiVo provides the technology for a
carrier's DVR service. On the other end of the spectrum is the awkward situation
that I found myself in when I tried to finagle Time Warner Cable into easing my
experiment with TiVo Premiere.

In order to get the Premiere working, I needed to exchange my Time Warner Cable
set-top-box for a cable card that I would insert into Tivo's box.

I probably should have taken it as a bad omen when the customer service
representative suggested that, instead of getting a cable card, I just get Time
Warner's own DVR. This seemed to be a coached response to anyone who inquired
about TiVo. He told me I could either pay $40 to have a card installed, or I
could drag my box into Manhattan and exchange it. I decided to pack up my box
and bring it in.

When I arrived, though, I was told that they couldn't simply give me a cable
card. I lugged the box back home and called to make an appointment. Another
customer service representative told me that a cable card would actually add $14
to my bill each month, because they would no longer offer me the deal they give
customers who bundle set-top box cable and Internet service. I decided to go
forward anyway.

Then the serviceman didn't show up.

I rescheduled the appointment.

Four days later, a man who did not know quite what he was doing showed up at my
apartment. He nervously fiddled with the cords around my television for several
hours before he left.

I was all set.

After that point, TiVo was very nice. If I wanted to, say, rewatch the first
season of the Sopranos, I could search for the show and set the TiVo up to
record each episode as it appeared on television. If I got impatient in the
meantime, I could buy an episode from Amazon immediately (after linking my TiVo
and Amazon accounts). All from the same menu, using the same remote. The system
also paid attention to what I watched , and recommended shows I might like.

Still, all told I spent more than 10 hours working to get the service working
and would be paying $34 a month if I wanted to keep it going.

This is going to be a tough sell.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Web Log

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  June 12, 2003 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

MAJORITY WOULD VOTE TO OUST DAVIS, POLL SHOWS

BYLINE: DION NISSENBAUM, Mercury News Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 995 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


With the campaign to recall Gov. Gray Davis gathering surprising steam and the
Democrat's popularity in free fall, California's chief executive is ratcheting
up his last-ditch crusade to derail the potentially career-ending initiative.

As money and support flow into recall offices around the state, a poll released
today shows for the first time that, if given the chance, a majority of likely
California voters would cast their ballots to toss Davis fromoffice.

The startling increase in momentum has prompted Davis and his loyalists to
launch a fierce counter-attack on the man responsible for breathing financial
life into the recall campaign: Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Vista.

On Wednesday, the governor denounced Issa as a "right-winger" who was trying to
finagle his way into the governor's office, and Davis loyalists increased their
attacks on the Southern California congressman. One launched a bare-bones Web
site, www.stopissa.org, that features a menacing man wearing leather gloves
pointing a revolver at the screen. A red-lettered caption warns, "Don't let
Darrell Issa hijack California's election process!"

All of it may be too little, too late for Davis. Some of his allies privately
conceded that it's no longer a matter of if the recall gets on the ballot, but
when.

"The momentum seems to be clearly on the side of the recall proponents," said
one prominent Davis supporter.

Armed with $645,000 from Issa, the recall campaign is steaming along, and
organizers confidently predict they will be able to gather enough signatures in
the next few weeks to put the issue before voters this fall. Today, Issa's team
will start sending out another 1 million recall petitions to Republicans and
Libertarians across California.

The first 1 million -- sent to homes with at least two Republican voters -- has
generated a huge surge of support with signatures and $5 checks pouring into a
stuffy Sacramento office.

So far, the recall team says it has turned in about 250,000 signatures to
elections officials. But the campaign says it has nearly 700,000 of the 1.2
million signatures it wants to gather and expects to wrap up the process by
mid-July. The recall measure needs 900,000 valid signatures to get on the
ballot.

If that happens, state elections officials could be forced to call a special
election this fall to decide the governor's fate. Voters would be asked if they
would support the governor's recall, and who they would choose to replace him.

Even if the recall campaign fails to meet that ambitious deadline, it has until
Sept. 2 to gather enough signatures to put the issue on the March, 2004 primary
ballot.

The recall campaign got a shot in the arm from the latest poll from the Public
Policy Institute of California. The poll showed that a narrow majority of likely
voters would toss Davis from office.

In its survey of 961 likely voters, the non-partisan San Francisco think tank
found that 51 percent would back the recall, while 43 percent would oppose the
campaign. Support for the governor's ouster came from not only Republicans but
also half the independent voters and a third of the Democrats.

The poll also showed the governor's approval ratings hitting a historic low of
21 percent among likely voters. The margin of error was plus or minus 3
percentage points.

"This certainly speaks a lot to the depth and breadth of discontent," said
survey director Mark Baldassare. "It's not just a partisan issue, and it
certainly suggests that this is a serious matter for the governor."

Davis and his allies are doing everything they can to throw a wrench in the
works. The campaign fighting the recall has quickly scooped up more than
$750,000 in donations and is trying to cast Issa as an anti-abortionist,
anti-environmentalist upset over Davis' re-election last fall.

"The only thing that has changed since last November's election is Darrell
Issa's ambition," said Steve Smith, campaign director for Taxpayers Against the
Governor's Recall.

Issa, a wealthy entrepreneur, ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in 1998.

In an attempt to corner the market on professional signature gatherers, Davis
allies are collecting their own signatures for an anti-recall petition. The
petition wouldn't be placed on the ballot, but is meant to demonstrate support
for Davis. The dual campaigns have created a ground war on the streets.

Dorothy Parris, a retired wedding-dress maker who is coordinating the recall
campaign in San Jose, said she and her team have been intimidated and threatened
by Californians so outraged by the prospect that they have torn up petitions and
scribbled on them in rage -- tactics that have prompted calls topolice. Other
signature-gatherers have been lured away by the promise of more money working
for the anti-recall campaign.

Smith, the recall opponent, said none of his people is threatening recall
signature gatherers. Issa spokesman Scott Taylor dismissed the strategy as the
work of "thugs."

"We always expect the worst from Gray Davis," he said.

On Wednesday, Davis sought to discredit the recall campaign as little more than
a rich man's attempt to meddle in big league politics.

"The person financing it is a right-winger, Congressman Darrell Issa," Davis
said on KGO radio. "He just wants to run for governor on the cheap."

In an appearance on CNN's "Inside Politics," Issa fired back in what is quickly
becoming California's second campaign for governor in a year.

"It is very clear that every governor of California has been better than this
one," Issa said. "And any governor that would be elected post this governor in a
recall effort would be better than this governor."

CHART: MERCURY NEWS
Strong support for a Davis recall
[Approval rate]
[Chart not taken in database]
CHART: MERCURY NEWS
Strong support for a Davis recall
[Vote to recall?]
[Chart not taken in database]

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 14, 2003

CORRECTION: SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 06/14/03, pg. 2A)
A front-page article Thursday on the drive to recall Gov. Gray Davis incorrectly
stated the political affiliation and occupation of Tony Quinn. He is a
Republican political consultant. Also, a photo with the article was
misidentified. The photo, which ran on Page 11A, was of Attorney General Bill
Lockyer, not Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante.

GRAPHIC: Photo, Charts (2);
PHOTO: Davis

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

WELFARE BILL WOULD LEVEL FIELD FOR FRAUD

BYLINE:  CHRIS RICKERT  crickert@madison.com, 608-252-6198

SECTION: LOCAL; Chris Rickert; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 524 words


Give state Rep. Samantha Kerkman credit. Usually when Republicans talk about
cracking down on fraud in public programs, it's about nabbing the guy who smokes
a joint while collecting unemployment, or the mother who finagles $20 more in
food stamps than she's technically eligible for. Kerkman, R-Salem, realizes that
defrauding taxpayers knows no income level and can be practiced by poor people
and rich companies alike, and she's pursuing legislation that would make the
penalties similar for bilking programs such as FoodShare, as well as grant and
loan programs run by Gov. Scott Walker's beleaguered jobs agency, the Wisconsin
Economic Development Corp.

It will be interesting to see if any Democrats drop their usual pretense of
standing up for the little guy (or gal) and go along with potentially tougher
penalties for poor fraudsters in exchange for another opportunity to kick WEDC
while it's down.

Kerkman didn't know Tuesday what penalties currently apply to which programs but
said her proposal ? which is now in the bill-drafting stage ? will echo one
Walker made in the state budget having to do with unemployment insurance. He
wanted to increase the fines for UI fraud and make it possible for district
attorneys to charge fraudsters with felonies. She would apply similarly stiff
penalties to more programs.

"I'm a true believer," she said. "Fraud is fraud to me."

Assembly Minority Leader Peter Barca and Senate Minority Leader Jennifer
Shilling declined to comment on Kerkman's proposal without more details,
although Barca's office noted that Barca, a WEDC board member, in July called on
the agency to report suspected fraud to the local district attorney.

Robert Kraig, executive director of the left-leaning advocacy group Citizen
Action of Wisconsin, said "I don't see criminalizing all these areas as the
solution," although he acknowledged it might be a "minor step forward" to paint
companies that get state economic development dollars as just as fraud-prone as
poor people who get public assistance dollars.

Kerkman's effort "seems to me like it changes the subject," he said, when the
subject should be how WEDC has failed to oversee taxpayer dollars and create
jobs.

Kerkman might be looking for a way to distract attention from the WEDC, but it
would almost be worth it for the paradigm shift her effort represents.

Those in government ? liberal and conservative, local, state and federal ? have
long made a distinction between tax dollars given to companies to build plants
or hire more workers and tax dollars given to poor people so they can buy food
and pay rent.

The former are described as "economic development" or "investment" and get
touted in joint press releases from industry and government.

The latter are nothing to write a press release about because living "on the
dole" is nothing to be proud of.

When it comes to the deliberate misuse of those programs, Kerkman's proposal
puts corporate welfare on a par with, well, plain old welfare. Or maybe it's
puts welfare on a par with corporate welfare.

Or maybe it doesn't matter, because either way, as Kerkman points out, "people
are receiving state tax dollars."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                               May 5, 2008 Monday

Follow 'blueprint' to aid developmentally disabled

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 649 words


Tim is 34 years old. Like most American men, he loves to eat. Pizza and
McDonald's are his favorites. He's addicted to computer games, but also enjoys
playing catch and being outdoors. He likes to play pool with his father and
worships the ground his sister walks on.

Daniel is 23 years old. He also likes to eat, and his favorite foods include
Subway sandwiches, pizza and chocolate milk. Like Tim, Daniel enjoys spending
time with family.

Daniel and Tim have two other things in common. They both have significant
developmental disabilities, and despite their wishes and those of their
families, both Daniel and Tim reside in state-supported institutions that are
miles away from family and friends. On occasion, their families are able to
finagle a home visit, but these occur too infrequently.

Unfortunately, stories like these are common in Illinois.

According to a report recently released by the Illinois Council on Developmental
Disabilities, our state lags behind nearly every other state (currently ranked
47th) in its spending on community home services that would allow individuals
like Tim and Daniel to live at home. The new report, Blueprint for System
Redesign in Illinois, reveals that our state institutionalizes more people with
developmental disabilities than any other state in the nation.

Rather than providing efficient, flexible and individually tailored assistance
to people with developmental disabilities, Illinois spends its money on outdated
institutions that cost taxpayers more than twice as much per person than if
quality community home services were made available to them.

To make matters worse, there are currently more than 11,000 Illinois citizens
with developmental disabilities who have urgent needs but are unable to obtain
the proper assistance to meet those needs. Clearly, the time has come to improve
our support system for people with developmental disabilities in Illinois.

The Blueprint for System Redesign in Illinois identifies these and other key
issues and offers an action plan that can be executed statewide over a
seven-year period. This plan allows the state to strengthen its community
services system by adequately funding these services, expanding community home
services, improving certain infrastructures and implementing budget allocation
practices that focus on the actual need of individuals.

The most important steps to redesigning the current system for thousands of
citizens with developmental disabilities in Illinois are:

1. Eliminate the wait list of more than 11,000 people by 2014 and support 2,500
additional individuals annually. This wait list will likely increase to at least
14,000 if immediate action is not taken.

2. Shift current state services to improve and expand community home supports so
individuals have the choice either to stay at home with their families or live
in the community with necessary supports. Community-based living has been shown
to provide more individualized, efficient and cost-effective service and can
allow Illinois to serve thousands more individuals.

3. Allow 1,200 people living in state operated institutions to move back to
their communities by 2014. This also would enable five of the nine state-run
institutions in Illinois to close. The tens of millions of taxpayer dollars the
state spends annually to operate them could then be reallocated to improve and
expand community home services.

The blueprint gives the state a feasible and well thought out plan to update its
support system for its citizens with developmental disabilities. But it is more
than just a report about government and mechanisms of care. It represents the
way forward, toward freedom for thousands of people with developmental
disabilities in Illinois like Tim and Daniel.

The blueprint tells us how to do it. Now the question becomes, do our state's
public officials have the will to implement it?

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OP ED COLUMN. LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            October 28, 2007 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

FAMOUS FRIENDS AND A WELL `RED' POET

BYLINE: BY A.K. WHITNEY >LA.COM

SECTION: LA.COM; Pg. L17

LENGTH: 823 words


Ninety-three-year-old Welsh poet and author Eluned Phillips says some of the
most interesting experiences in her long life were born out of embarrassment.

As a young woman visiting Paris, she got to meet Pablo Picasso. She had managed
to finagle an invitation to his studio but was suddenly paralyzed with shyness
as she was about to cross the threshold. Part of that paralysis came from the
doves hanging around (she was concerned they would land in her thatch of red
hair), part from the large, bizarre canvas leaning against one wall and part
from the man himself, whose gaze she compares to ``a CAT-scan.''

She was about to apologize, then skitter away in shame. Luckily, the great
artist was kind (and the fact that she was young, pretty and female probably
didn't hurt) and convinced her to stay. They spent the afternoon drinking coffee
and discussing art, and the large canvas, it turns out, was nothing less than
``Guernica.'' And she was one of the first to see it.

Then there was the time when she tripped over what she thought was ``a piece of
bulky carpet'' in friend Edith Piaf's apartment, and realized in shock it was
actor Maurice Chevalier, sleeping off a party. Luckily, like Picasso, he did not
take umbrage, and the two went on to become friends.

Phillips has chronicled these celebrity encounters, and many more, in her
memoir, ``The Reluctant Redhead,'' which was published this year by Welsh Gomer
Press. She will sign copies of her book at the Wine Crush in Long Beach between
3 and 5 p.m. today. The event also includes a wine tasting, and is in part a
fundraiser for the Welsh Choir of Southern California.

Phillips has been friendly with choir members for many years and is staying in
the South Bay area for a few weeks.

In fact, she credits her American friends for encouraging her to write her
memoir in the first place, during her last visit to this country three years
ago.

``I had lots of embarrassing moments,'' she says. ``It was America who told me
to write them down.''

Phillips has been writing most of her life. Born Oct. 27, 1914, she published
her first poem at age 7. At the time, a family friend accused her of not having
written it by herself. Incensed, Phillips' mother told the friend her daughter
would prove him wrong by writing a poem on the spot. Phillips obliged, but since
she didn't much like the friend, she wrote a poem comparing him to a murderer
(he cut down trees and had recently cut down one she loved to climb). He was
impressed, but Phillips got a scolding from her mother for calling the man a
murderer.

By that age, however, Phillips was resigned to the fact that she was going to be
in and out of trouble. The source of that trouble, and the embarrassment, she
knew, was her hair color.

``I was the only redhead in the family,'' she says.

Red hair, back then and even now, has been associated with stubbornness and a
fiery temper, and Phillips is proud to own both, even as she wished for years
for another hair color, going so far as to stick her head in a vat of tar as a
child. That escapade led to her getting her head shaved.

``I was a proper Yul Brynner,'' she says proudly.

But the red grew back, and Phillips decided to accept it, going so far as using
it to justify her career decisions, because when she finished school, her
parents wanted her to become a teacher.

``I was a redhead, I couldn't possibly do that,'' she says.

Instead, she became a professional writer, writing not just poems but plays,
scripts, stories and articles. This work introduced her to bohemian circles and
friendships with fellow Welsh writers and artists, including painter Augustus
John, who, she writes, ``had an ego at least double the size of a camel's
hump.'' She also became acquainted with poets Dewi Emrys and Dylan Thomas.
Thomas, it turns out, shared her birth year and birthday. That, however, did not
lead to a friendship.

``I should have liked him, for I find most of his work truly inspiring,''
Phillips writes in her book. ``But I did not. The many times I met him, he was
too drunk to hold a proper conversation.''

Phillips may not be as well-

known as Thomas in this country, but in Wales, she has been awarded one of the
highest honors a poet can receive -- the Crown of Eisteddfod. She is among few
women to get the crown, and the only woman to have received it twice.

Sadly, Phillips will only receive this award twice, because no one gets it more
often than that. But, looking back on her life, Phillips has no big regrets.

``I've been very, very lucky,'' she says. ``It's a great life.''

A.K. Whitney (562) 499-1252

ak.whitney@presstelegram.com

ELUNED PHILLIPS

>What: The poet and author signs her memoir, ``The Reluctant Redhead.'' The
Welsh Choir of Southern California performs.

>Where: The Wine Crush, 3131 E. Broadway, Long Beach.

>When: 3 to 5 p.m. today.

>Tickets: $20 (includes wine tasting and appetizers). The event is a fundraiser
for the Welsh Choir; books are $18. (562) 988-9165.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  preview >

GRAPHIC: photo
 Photo: Welsh poet and author Eluned Phillips has written about her adventures
in her new memoir, ``The Reluctant Redhead.''

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                       June 08, 2003 Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Hulking national debt is always a growth industry

SECTION: INSIGHT; IN OUR OPINION; EDITORIAL FOOTNOTE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 231 words



While America obsessed over Martha Stewart and Sammy Sosa in recent weeks,
Congress OK'd and President Bush signed a bill allowing them to run up the
national debt to $7.4 trillion. The $984 billion increase just about equals the
entire debt a quarter-century ago.

As of Friday, the U.S. National Debt Clock Web site showed actual money owed at
more than $6.75 trillion- a figure that continues to grow at $1.3 billion a day.
(For weeks before the limit was raised, the government had to finagle the
figures to keep the official debt below the former $6.4 trillion ceiling).

Such Enronesque doings are not the kind of fiscal data the big spenders in the
White House and on Capitol Hill are eager for taxpayers to know about. That's
why, sometime during the Clinton years, the Beltway gang stopped referring to
the actual debt, instead highlighting the debt ''held by the public''- as if the
$2 trillion-plus in IOUs that constitute the Social Security and other ''trust''
funds didn't exist.

Few of the 291 million residents of the United States are even aware that each
of us has a $22,570.27 share of the debt. Eventually, one way or another, the
cooked books will have to be reconciled- with potentially devastating economic
consequences.

Then again, why worry about such matters when there are corked bats to debate
and style divas to dish?

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 9, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Numbers All Pointing to Panther Boys, Coaches Say;
Leonardtown, Westlake Compete for Girls' Title

BYLINE: Angie Watts, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. T10

LENGTH: 609 words


Track coaches are notorious point counters.

They sit with pencil, paper and erasers in hand before every meet, trying to
guess which opposing athletes will place in which events so they can shuffle
their own athletes in an effort to finagle as many points as possible.

With the Southern Maryland Athletic Conference championship set to begin at 4
p.m. today at Leonardtown (the second day of the competition begins at 10 a.m.
Saturday), area coaches have been crunching numbers all week. Only this year,
they are collectively having trouble finding any way to get past the Patuxent
High School boys' team.

Undefeated this season in dual meets, the Panthers are the favorites to capture
their third consecutive SMAC championship. Patuxent's big three -- standouts
Terry Caulley, Raffaele Simpson and Nathan Dixon -- are favored to earn 60
first-place points.

Caulley boasts the area's best time in the 100, as well as area-best distances
in the long and triple jumps; Simpson is the league's top distance runner and is
favored in the mile and two-mile events; and Dixon has posted the area's highest
mark in the pole vault.

"They're going to get the big points, there's no question there, but the thing
about Patuxent is they have a lot of depth, too," said Westlake Coach Beth
Shook, whose team is expected to battle McDonough for second place. "They're
going to be very tough to beat."

Leonardtown, the girls' dual-meet champion, likewise went undefeated this season
but is less of a clear-cut favorite to win its third title in four years.
Westlake, the defending SMAC champion, lost to the Raiders by just six points
during the regular season, and the two teams should be in a dead-heat for the
title.

Thomas Stone also is expected to be in the mix.

"Figuring out the scoring for this meet has been very difficult," Leonardtown
Coach Shawn Snyder said. "At the big meets, first and foremost, you have to have
the studs and you have to have them in more than one event. Being that us and
Westlake are favored and should split on those first-place finishes, I foresee
it coming down to who gets the most second and third places this year. It's
going to be close."

Times for the meet should also be more accurate. Leonardtown, the host school,
began using a Time Machine timing device this season, ensuring each competitor
has an identical start time. The machine prevents human error on the start time
but does not automatically stop the timer when the runner crosses the finish
line. That is still done by individuals.

Because it is not a fully automated timer like the Accutrack system, there will
be no adjustment to convert the numbers to hand times.

Individuals who are expected to make a run at existing records include
Leonardtown junior Kelly Ennis (400), Patuxent junior Susan Hendrick (1,600 and
3,200), McDonough junior Aajah Showell (100 hurdles and 300 hurdles) and
McDonough junior Dean Lee (400). Leonardtown senior Ryan Gore and Patuxent
senior Nathan Dixon also are likely to surpass the current pole vault mark of 13
feet 10 inches.

Additionally, the Westlake girls' sprint relay teams -- which set a SMAC record
each of the past two seasons in the 4x100 -- should challenge their own 4x100
record of 49.4 seconds and the 4x200 mark of 1:44.4 that has stood since 1985.

"The chance to break records and the excitement around that, that's part of
what's so great about the SMAC meet," Patuxent Coach Valerie Harrington said.
"You have all the teams out there, and you know that all of the times are going
to come down and that everyone's personal bests will come out. It's exciting to
see what all the kids are going to do."

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           November 4, 2014, Tuesday

CHARLESTON CITY COUNCIL;
Sales tax hike approved Rate will increase by one-half cent beginning on July 1

BYLINE: MATT MURPHY Daily Mail Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 658 words


The sales tax rate in Charleston will go up next summer after city council
passed a one-half cent tax increase Monday night.

Earmarked for the city's pension liability, the new tax will take effect July 1.

At that time, the effective sales tax rate in Charleston will be 7 percent - the
6 percent state sales tax, a one-half percent city sales tax for renovations to
the Charleston Civic Center and the new one-half percent sales tax for pensions.

The tax wasn't without dissent.

Eight council members voted no to the tax. They are at-large Republican Chris
Dodrill, West Side Republican Adam Knauff, South Hills Democrat Sam Minardi,
West Side Democrat Mike Nichols, South Hills Republican Courtney Persinger, East
End Democrat Robert Sheets, East End Independent Cubert Smith and Oakridge
Democrat Shannon Snodgrass.

Republican Susie Salisbury and Democrat Mike Clowser, both of whom represent
South Hills wards, were absent.

City Manager David Molgaard and Mayor Danny Jones said if the tax was not
passed, the city would end up seeing major service cuts in the future.

"Without any new or other sources of revenue, we would have to cut expenses
somewhere, Molgaard said, going on to add, "I believe that if you didn't pass
this tonight, we might be able to ... finagle this for the net three years ...
but it's going to hit you that much harder.

Charleston has been struggling to find revenue to pay for an estimated $287
million pension liability.

The city is currently enrolled in a "conservation method to meet its pension
obligations the fourth proposal introduced by the state government in the last
three decades to enable local governments to fund their pensions.

The city already pays about $10.8 million annually to fund existing pension
liability. That obligation will end in 2047, when the trust fund is fulfilled
for pensions created before the city began its current funding method, city
finance director Joe Estep said.

However, that payment won't cover future pension obligations.

"Everybody who's retired since the conservation methodology, the sales tax will
cover those benefits, Molgaard said.

The tax is expected to generation $6.3 million in the first fiscal year it's
enacted, and is currently projected to cover pension costs through 2027. At that
point, the city will likely need to find an addition funding source unless the
sales tax ends up pulling in more revenue than projected.

"I don't want to say at this point this is the silver bullet, but it could be,
Molgaard said.

Elsewhere in West Virginia, Wheeling is following the lead of Charleston as its
council considers a similar tax increase for pension obligations.

In other business, council:

-" Approved an ordinance allowing Class Y crossbow hunting permit to participate
in the city's urban deer hunt. Those permits are issued to physically disabled
people who cannot use a traditional bow and arrow.

Under the ordinance, Class Y holders are still subject to other rules of the
deer hunt, including that arrows must be fired from deer stands and pointed
toward the ground.

Eight council members voted no on the measure - Dodrill, Snodgrass, Minardi,
Smith, South Hills Democrat Councilwoman Mary Jean Davis, West Side Democrat
Councilman Bob White and South Hills Democrat Councilman Jack Harrison.

Harrison, a bow hunter himself, said he voted against the bill out of safety
concerns.

"I don't have a good feeling about introducing another instrument into our urban
hunt, he said.

Councilman Tom Lane, a Republican who was a sponsor of the bill, said didn't
think allowing Class Y permit holders to participate would affect the safety of
the hunt, noting those permit holders must comply with all other regulations.

"We have 10 years of experience with no incident of injury or harm, he said.

-" Passed an ordinance mandating rental licenses must be obtained for properties
while being advertised as rentals. It also adjusts the license period from July
to June to January to December.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              May 8, 2004 Saturday

Old PT boat comes to life;
Twenty work to restoreWWII craft

BYLINE: DEAN BAKER, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 955 words


PORTLAND - Restoring a World War II-era patrol torpedo boat has forged a bond
among the 20 volunteers who have performed much of the labor. But volunteer John
Akin, 83, says there's a greater force at work.

He tells of a woman who, after 15 minutes on board the PT 658, claims she spoke
there with her late husband, who had served aboard the small craft as a young
man.

He tells of an ex-cop who wept, laying his hands on the boat's thrumming engine,
claiming he felt in it the World War II camaraderie he had experienced on such a
boat at sea. "There's something living here," said Akin, a Navy veteran who
lives in Salem, Ore. "There's a dedication. It's like a shrine."

Akin is a leader in a cadre of World War II sailors from Oregon and Clark County
who are nearly finished restoring the boat, which is dry-docked on a Swan Island
barge.

They've spent two days a week for 10 years working on the 70-foot PT boat, one
of thousands that harassed Axis shipping in World War II.

The fastest boats in the ocean at the time, the small crafts could reach 40
knots. PTs were dubbed "Wind Thunder Boats" by the Chinese, and the "Monster
that Roars" by the Japanese.

For nearly half a century, the PT 658 sat rotting at a berth at Pacific
Machinery Co. between Alameda and Oakland, Calif. Akin and the late Don Carter
of Vancouver discovered the hulk in 1992. Its hull was flooded with 2 feet of
water, its engines were frozen and its electronic gear was rusting.

The group managed to finagle rights to the boat as well as a crane to lift it, a
barge to carry it, and Navy approval to move the craft to Portland in 1994 to
restore it.

The Navy still owns PT 658, but has given permission allowing the old salts'
nonprofit organization, Save the PT Boat Inc., to restore the boat. They've
invested more than $100,000 in contributions and $250,000 in grants in kind
(such as crane lifts), said Harry Wiedmaier, 76, corporation president and a
retired Jantzen executive.

They've taken five old 1,850-horsepower V-12 Packard gasoline engines, torn them
down and rebuilt them into three engines capable of powering the boat.

When PT 658 hits the water in about a month, the crew said, they figured it
would be the only such boat in operation.

Not quite. At least one other PT boat operates in U.S. waters. The PT 728 sails
out of Key West, Fla. Some 17 other PT boats still exist; several have have been
rebuilt completely or partially, but only as static displays.

Never saw action

The most famous PT boat was number 109, commanded by John F. Kennedy. On Aug. 2,
1943, the Japanese destroyer Amagiri sliced Kennedy's boat in two, throwing the
young skipper, who would be elected president 17 years later, into an ocean
filled with flaming gasoline. Two men died, but Kennedy and 10 others reached
safety by swimming to nearby Plum Pudding Island (now known as Kennedy Island).

In contrast, the nearly restored PT 658 isn't famous. Its keel was laid in April
1945 and it never saw action.

Ridgefield machine shop owner Chuck Kellogg, 70, joined two years ago with
retired Camas paper mill engineer Bob Alton, 62, to play a major role in the
restoration.

"I liked what they were doing, and I asked if they needed a volunteer," said
Alton. "I was able to help out because I'm an engineer."

Kellogg, who owns both Orbit Industries in Camas and Northwest Copper in
Portland, teamed with Alton to re-create patterns and build missing gun mounts,
torpedo launchers and new hydraulic control levers for the engines. "Bob and I
have been kind of a spark to help these guys get over the hump," said Kellogg.
"We've been having fun with it.

"These guys are addictive," he added. "You get to being around them and you
can't help but help them. They are a great bunch of guys. They have photos of
themselves on the ships. It's like reading a history book, but you get to talk
to the guys who were there. They were heroes."

Volunteer Dick Lowe, 79, tells a harrowing tale of his service. He was aboard PT
323 on Dec. 10, 1944, when a kamikaze crashed into its port side, killing the
captain and executive officer. The impact threw Lowe, a 19-year-old machine
gunner, into the water.

"It was pretty exciting for a boy from a stump farm at Rainier, Ore.," said
Lowe.

Romantic notion

Getting donations to restore the boat has been easy, Kellogg said. "You know,
the PT boat has a lot of romance to it. And that sort of helps you out."

The restoration team audaciously claims the boat is worth $10 million because
it's irreplaceable, Kellogg explained.

The group plans to show the boat on June 25 at the Antique and Classic Boat
Society show, part of Portland's Rose Festival, said Alton. Wiedmaier was more
cautious, saying he expected a launch "within three to four months."

This week the crew fired up the boat's three powerful engines.

"Nope, no pieces flew out the back," joked Ken Nissen, 82, of Dayton, Ore.,
after Wiedmaier asked how the start-up went. Nissen helped rebuild PT 658's
engines. He did the same job in 1944, as a "motor mac." Only this time, he
didn't have to bunk with the engines.

Dean Baker writes about history, military affairs and agriculture. Reach him at
360-759-8009, or by e-mail at dean.baker@columbian.com.

Did you know?

Wooden-hulled, up to 80 feet long, many PT boats were armed with two 20 mm guns,
four .50-caliber machine guns, and two to four 21-inch torpedo tubes. Some also
carried depth charges and rocket launchers.

After the war many PT boats were destroyed or sold to other countries, including
China, Yugoslavia, Cuba, Finland, Great Britain, Argentina, and the Philippines.

Other PT boats were sold and became civilian diving platforms, sightseeing
boats, dinner cruisers and yachts. They were used for fishing, salvage,
oystering and ferrying.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Under restoration by a corps of volunteers, the PT 658 is 70 feet long.
Powered by three 1,850-horsepower Packard engines, its top speed was 40 knots. A
fleet of these boats, carrying crews of 12 men and two officers, harassed
Japanese ships during World War II.
John Akin, of Salem, Ore., explains the spirit of the PT 658, a World War II
patrol torpedo boat that he and some 20 comrades have spent 10 years restoring
on Swan Island. Bob Hostetter of Beaverton, Ore., holds photos of the boat that
found they derelict in the Bay Area. Both men served on PT boats during World
War II.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 26, 2002 Thursday

For some, rest takes a holiday on Dec. 26

BYLINE: LOGAN NEILL

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 546 words


The days leading up to Christmas were some of the busiest for Brittanie Unger.
As manager of the Body Shop in the Crystal River Mall, she's accustomed to the
crush of holiday shoppers.

Christmas Day, her only day off this week, brought only a brief respite from the
madness. Experience has told her that today, things are likely to be even more
hectic in her store, which sells junior apparel and accessories.

"It's unbelievable because it all comes at once," said Unger, 26, who has
managed the store for three years. "If everyone that comes in is nice to you,
then it's okay. But when they're not, it can be hell."

For folks able to finagle some time off work, the day after Christmas can be a
pleasant time spent relaxing with family and friends. But for the less fortunate
souls, today is a day to head back to the trenches and face one of the most
hectic work days of the year.

"You have to psyche yourself up for it in order to get through it," Unger said.
She and her sales staff will be put to the ultimate  test as customers crowd
into the store. Many come eager to take advantage of after-Christmas sales or
redeem gift certificates.

But by far her biggest potential headaches are customers wanting to exchange a
gift they received.

"It can be hard because some customers get a little irritated," she said. "And
when you have to deal with a lot of unhappy people in 10 hours it gets to be
exhausting."

John Isselhardt admits he'd love the luxury of staying home the day after
Christmas. But as owner of C&J Photos, a small camera and photo accessory shop
in Inverness, being at work today is a vital part of his service to customers.

Today he and his wife, Claudia, will devote themselves to processing many of the
hundreds of rolls of film that left his store this season.

"We do probably two to three times our normal photo business right after
Christmas because people are in a hurry to get their photos back for their
families and relatives," said Isselhardt, who has labored through several
postholiday crunches since he started the business three years ago.

Despite the agony of the long working day, Isselhardt doesn't complain.

"It says to me that our customers like our quality of work," he said. "They come
to us instead of chains such as Eckerd and Wal-Mart because they like what we
do, and I'm thankful for that."

Of course, not everyone will want to spend precious time off hunting bargains in
malls and stores. Some folks just want stay home and take it easy. At least
that's what Darrel Pelham, owner of Video 1 in Homosassa, is hoping to find when
he opens his store today.

"The day after Christmas is one of our best days of the year," he said. All
through the month he and his wife, Marlene, have been busy stocking their new
shop with the hottest videos, DVDs and video games in anticipation of brisk
rental sales.

Pelham says he expects the soaring popularity of DVD and surround-sound
equipment to bring an additional boost as customers come in eager to find
favorite movies to try out on their new systems.

"A lot of people who've been coming in say they're completely burned out on
shopping," Pelham said. "They just want to relax and be with their families and
relatives. Watching a movie is just the thing they need."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             April 10, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Water Rat starts slowly, then has bite

BYLINE: Kevin Chong, Postmedia News

SECTION: BOOKS & ARTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 694  words


The Water Rat of Wanchai

Ian Hamilton, House of Anansi, 401 pp; $19.95

Writing about the detective fiction of Henning Mankell, which is set in
small-town Sweden, philosopher Slavoj Zizek suggests that crime writing in the
age of globalization is characterized, paradoxically, by a preoccupation with
the local. A truly global citizen, Zizek asserts, is "the one who (re)discovers
or returns to (or identifies with) some particular roots, some specific
substantial communal identity."

The protagonist of Ian Hamilton's globe-hopping crime thriller The Water Rat of
Wanchai, Ava Lee, identifies herself with a community that is, by turns,
cosmopolitan, regional and rootless. A Chinese-Canadian living in Toronto, she
maintains extensive ties to Hong Kong, including her paternalistic, if vaguely
sinister, employer, whom she calls "Uncle."

Strikingly attractive, Havergaleducated and gay, Ava is a forensic accountant in
her early thirties who has passed up a lifetime of tax returns for a far more
swashbuckling kind of bean-counting: relocating, by any means necessary,
fortunes stolen by one shady businessman from another. As the novel begins,
she's been contacted by the nephew of a friend of Uncle's. He has had $5 million
taken from him after botched dealings with a seafood company that's headed by
someone named Jackson Seto. Hot on the scent of fishy money, Ava leaves Toronto
for Seattle, Hong Kong, Thailand, Guyana and the British Virgin Islands. In
these far-flung locales, she finagles vital data from banking officials and
bureaucrats alike with her guile and looks. When her charm offensive sputters in
Bangkok, she blackmails one unwilling informant with naked photos of him with a
transgendered prostitute.

The Water Rat of Wanchai is the first of four novels starring Ava Lee slated to
appear in the next two years. In the age of Lisbeth Salander, it's not hard to
see why Hamilton's jetsetting heroine is so appealing. Credibly constructed by
Hamilton, who has worked as a journalist, international businessman and
diplomat, Ava's personality is defined by her cosmopolitan, bicultural
upbringing. Like any Hong Kong ID card-carrier, she's brand-conscious,
work-obsessed, pragmatic and loyal to her family. Like any Canadian passport
holder, she's culturally sensitive, well-mannered, able to blend in and
independent.

While Ava doesn't have any of the personal complications that make Mankell's
Kurt Wallander so involving, or the eccentricity that makes Marge Gunderson in
the film Fargo so endearingly memorable, her lethal knowledge of a form of kung
fu torques up her sex appeal to the approximate level of a female lead in a
Quentin Tarantino film.

The first half of The Water Rat of Wanchai, however, is painfully devoid of any
narrative urgency. The reader follows Ava to Seattle to find Seto's abandoned
office; then to Hong Kong, where she has an uneventful lunch with her father, a
factory owner who has three separate families in the old-school Chinese manner.
Nothing is at stake for Ava except her commission on the money she's hoping to
recover. At no point in the book's first 180 pages or so is Ava's investigation
ever sidetracked or her safety jeopardized. Who knew accounting could be so
dull?

As Ava collects Air Miles, Hamilton fills the book with passages of description
that could double for Yelp. com or Tripadvisor.com reviews. In Thailand, the
reader learns that Ava's second favourite soup is tom yam kung, "after Chinese
hot and sour soup, which ranks as her uncontested favourite." At the Phoenix
Hotel in Georgetown, Guyana, "there was Internet access in the business centre
on the ground floor, but none in the room. If she wanted to make a long distance
call, she would have to let the switchboard know so they could activate the
service for her."

Fortunately, the second half of the book ramps up both the pacing and the
kung-fu fighting. A couple of vicious altercations, a kidnapping and a corrupt
Guyanese police chief give the story the spring it lacks early on. All of this
bodes well for the next instalment of Ava Lee's accounting adventures, due out
this summer. Perhaps that one will get off to a running start.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / ;;  Hamilton;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              March 6, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

A Canadian kung-fu heroine; Globe-trotting, gorgeous and gay Ava Lee kicks off a
series

BYLINE: Kevin Chong, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 623  words


The Water Rat of Wanchai

By Ian Hamilton House of Anansi, $19.95

Writing about the detective fiction of Henning Mankell, which is set in
smalltown Sweden, philosopher Slavoj Zizek suggests that crime writing in the
age of globalization is characterized, paradoxically, by a preoccupation with
the local. A truly global citizen, Zizek asserts, is "the one who (re)discovers
or returns to (or identifies with) some particular roots, some specific
substantial communal identity."

The protagonist of Ian Hamilton's globe-hopping crime thriller The Water Rat of
Wanchai, Ava Lee, identifies herself with a community that is, by turns,
cosmopolitan, regional and rootless. A Chinese-Canadian living in Toronto, she
maintains extensive ties to Hong Kong, including her paternalistic, if vaguely
sinister, employ-er, whom she calls "Uncle."

Strikingly attractive, Havergaleducated, and gay, Ava is a forensic accountant
in her early thirties who has passed up a lifetime of tax returns for a far more
swashbuckling kind of bean-counting: relocating, by any means necessary,
fortunes stolen by one shady businessman from another. As the novel begins,
she's been contacted by the nephew of a friend of Uncle's. He has had $5 million
taken from him after botched dealings with a seafood company that's headed by
someone named Jackson Seto.

Hot on the scent of fishy money, Ava leaves Toronto for Seattle, Hong Kong,
Thailand, Guyana and the British Virgin Islands. In these far-flung locales, she
finagles vital data from banking officials and bureaucrats alike with her guile
and looks. When her charm offensive sputters in Bangkok, she blackmails one
unwilling informant with naked photos of him with a transgendered prostitute.

The Water Rat of Wanchai is the first of four novels starring Ava Lee slated to
appear in the next two years. In the age of Lisbeth Salander, it's not hard to
see why Hamilton's jet-setting heroine is so appealing. Credibly constructed by
Hamilton, who's worked as a journalist, international businessman and diplomat,
Ava's personality is defined by her cosmopolitan, bicultural upbringing. Like
any Hong Kong ID card-carrier, she's brand-conscious, work-obsessed, pragmatic
and loyal to her family. Like any Canadian passport holder, she's culturally
sensitive, wellmannered, able to blend in and independent.

While Ava doesn't have any of the personal complications that make Mankell's
Kurt Wallender so involving, or the eccentricity that makes Marge Gunderson in
the film Fargo so endearingly memorable, her lethal knowledge of a form of kung
fu torques up her sex appeal to the approximate level of a female lead in a
Quentin Tarantino film.

The first half of The Water Rat of Wanchai, however, is painfully devoid of any
narrative urgency. The reader follows Ava to Seattle to find Seto's abandoned
office; to Hong Kong, where she has an uneventful lunch with her father, a
factory owner who has three separate families in the old-school Chinese manner;
we even get an entire chapter devoted to a stopover in Trinidad that could
easily have been summarized in a paragraph. At no point in the book's first 180
pages or so is Ava's investigation ever sidetracked or her safety jeopardized.

Fortunately, the second half of the book ramps up both the pacing and the
kung-fu fighting. A couple of vicious altercations, a kidnapping and a corrupt
Guyanese police chief give the story the spring it lacks early on. All of this
bodes well for the next instalment of Ava Lee's accounting adventures, due out
this summer. Perhaps that one will get off to a running start.

Born in Hong Kong and the son of an accountant, Kevin Chong is the author of two
forthcoming books: a novel titled Beauty Plus Pity and a memoir on horse racing.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

10 BEST PLACES TO WATCH THE SUPER BOWL.

BYLINE: BY NICOLE CARTER

SECTION: NOW; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 714 words


Most New Yorkers don't have one massive living room to watch the big game.
They've got hundreds. On Sunday, it'll be a pigskin party at bars and lounges in
all five boroughs. But for the Super Bowl connoisseur, only 10 are tops. Local
sports nuts and foodies will tackle this lineup for big screens and big eats.
(The game itself starts at 6:25 p.m.)

1

4TH AVENUE PUB - Dive paradise.

An absence of frills and fuss, TVs visible from every seat and an extensive brew
list make this one of Adam Richman's go-to's in Park Slope. "The staff doesn't
mind if you bring in or order in your own food," says the big-mouth host of
Travel Channel's "Man V. Food." "I'd recommend sandwiches from either nearby
City Subs (450 Bergen St.) or Hanco's (85 Bergen St.)." 76 Fourth Ave.,
Brooklyn, (718) 643-2273.

2

BAR NONE - Saints welcome.

"This is the Saints fans' bar and will be an absolute madhouse come game time,"
says Dashiell Bennett of sports site Deadspin. "But if you can finagle your way
in among the regulars, it should be a ­raucous time." Pound back beer towers
($18) or a $4 well drink (from noon-8 p.m.). Get there by noon to ensure prime
viewing. 98 Third Ave., (212) 777-6663.

3

ONE AND ONE - Big screens, classic pub. Bennett says if you can secure a spot in
this classic Irish pub's lower level, you'll enjoy a comfy seat and a
projector-screen view of the game. But if you don't make it, head to the roomy
upstairs, where plasma screens aren't hard to find. Nosh on classics like
mozzarella sticks ($6) or chomp on an 8-ounce burger ($10). 76 E. First St.,
(212) 598-9126.

4

BROTHER JIMMY'S - A Jet fan retreat.

With its Southern flare, Bennett says this dining joint offers a menu full of
comfort foods and stiff drinks (try a Jack Daniel's-infused Red Neck shot for
$5). "It's just good place to forget about how bad your own favorite football
team is and drown your sorrows in BBQ ribs," says Bennett. More face-stuffers:
hush puppies ($7.25), BBQ chili ($8.25) and fried chicken ($10.25). 416 Eighth
Ave., (212) 967-7603.

5

THE AINSWORTH - Savory haven.

This video-packed Chelsea bar serves mouth-watering classics with a twist, like
grilled pork chops slathered in chutney sauce ($14) and garlic-chili chicken
wings ($12). Richman also enjoys the 6,000-square-foot lounge-like space, which
has 41 screens plastered on nearly every inch of wall space. 122 W. 26th St.,
(212) 741-0645.

6

BOUNCE - Rogue classics.

Chomp down on some classic finger foods with attitude, like Thai curry beef
satay ($12) or calamari frittas ($11). There's even mac-n-cheese balls (yes,
balls) for $8. Keep an eye out for deals on shots of Jack Daniel's and weekly
specials on draft beers. This joint's festivities begin on game day at 6 p.m.,
so get there early to land a seat. 1403 Second Ave., (212) 535-2183.

7HARD ROCK CAFE - Sports nuts unite.

Forget other locations, says Mike ­Philbrick of ESPN's Page 2 - head to the Hard
Rock Cafe at Yankee Stadium. "Knowing that baseball season is right around the
corner won't make the end of the football season hurt as much," says Philbrick.
Enjoy Hard Rock classics like hickory-smoked chicken wings ($10), not to mention
flat-screens and the ­surrounding sports memorabilia. 1 E. 161st St., at Gate 6,
Bronx, (646) 977-8888.

8

MAXIE'S BAR & GRILL - Deal zone.

Richman likes this "d-bag free" zone for the $35 all-you-can-eat wings, ­sliders
and pitchers of beer. And if finger foods aren't your style, order the 24-ounce
char-broiled T-bone steak: The Grill is ­connected to Angelo's and Maxie's
­Steakhouse. 100 E. 19th St., (212) 979-7800.

9

BLEECKER ST. BAR - Casual man cave. "This is more for the casual fan who would
rather grab a beer with friends and maybe watch the game over someone's
shoulder," says Bennett. Drink up from the varied beer menu, which includes
classics like Stella to Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat. This downtown spot even allows
patrons to bring in their own takeout. 56-58 Bleecker St., (212) 334-0244.

10

THE BLUE SEATS - VIP treatment. "Okay, even I rolled my eyes when I heard there
was an upscale sports bar on the lower East Side," says Richman. "But it has
very comfy chairs, better food than most spots." Try the prosciutto (think ham)
panini ($12) or BBQ blue point oyster plate ($11) while enjoying the game. 157
Ludlow St., (212) 614-1494.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Even though the Jets fell short by one game, New York sports fans will
still be out in full force at sports bar meccas like the Hard Rock Cafe in the
Bronx. Richard Harbus. Platters of sliders take things to another level at
Maxie's Bar and Grill.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LIST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 4, 1998 Wednesday

BYLINE: Janell Cole

LENGTH: 256 words


A father who sought to collect $15,000 in life insurance on his deceased
4-month-old son was convicted Tuesday by a Burleigh County jury for attempted
theft by deception. Immediately after the jury verdict, Jon Burger, 22,
Bismarck, was sentenced to three years in prison with 18 months suspended.

He could have received up to 10 years. Burger was charged with the attempted
theft last April because he used a back-dated check to pay a life insurance
premium for his son, Preston, a few days after the baby died of natural causes.
Burleigh County Assistant State's Attorney Bruce Romanick's case showed that
Burger's father and father-in-law both told him after the baby died in June 1996
that it would be wrong to send in the premium with a back-dated check and try to
collect the insurance. Burger had asked for advice from both of the men, then
ignored their counsel, Romanick said. Romanick told the jury the case consisted
of ""the sad part'' -- the baby's death -- and ""the sick part'' -- Burger's
attempt afterward to finagle the insurance payment. Burger's attorney, Robert
Martin, said Burger didn't remember the sequence of events. The insurance
company, Gerber, never paid the $15,000. When Burger hired a lawyer to pursue
it, using the canceled backdated check, the company offered him a $3,500
settlement, which he accepted. But police contacted the company before the
settlement was paid and no money ever reached Burger. Romanick said Burger has
prior criminal convictions for burglary and possession of stolen property.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 4, 1998 Wednesday

BYLINE: Janell Cole

LENGTH: 256 words


A father who sought to collect $15,000 in life insurance on his deceased
4-month-old son was convicted Tuesday by a Burleigh County jury for attempted
theft by deception. Immediately after the jury verdict, Jon Burger, 22,
Bismarck, was sentenced to three years in prison with 18 months suspended.

He could have received up to 10 years. Burger was charged with the attempted
theft last April because he used a back-dated check to pay a life insurance
premium for his son, Preston, a few days after the baby died of natural causes.
Burleigh County Assistant State's Attorney Bruce Romanick's case showed that
Burger's father and father-in-law both told him after the baby died in June 1996
that it would be wrong to send in the premium with a back-dated check and try to
collect the insurance. Burger had asked for advice from both of the men, then
ignored their counsel, Romanick said. Romanick told the jury the case consisted
of ""the sad part'' -- the baby's death -- and ""the sick part'' -- Burger's
attempt afterward to finagle the insurance payment. Burger's attorney, Robert
Martin, said Burger didn't remember the sequence of events. The insurance
company, Gerber, never paid the $15,000. When Burger hired a lawyer to pursue
it, using the canceled backdated check, the company offered him a $3,500
settlement, which he accepted. But police contacted the company before the
settlement was paid and no money ever reached Burger. Romanick said Burger has
prior criminal convictions for burglary and possession of stolen property.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           February 23, 2008 Saturday

A shopping pilgrimage in an Arabesque icon;
Weekly Highlights from Globespotters;
Urban advice from reporters who live there / iht.com/globespotters

BYLINE: Daisann McLane - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 223 words

DATELINE: KUALA LUMPUR


Daisann McLane has a good reason (actually, two) to visit Kuala Lumpur:

The last time I visited the Petronas Twin Towers was in 1998. The complex had
not yet opened for business, but I was traveling on assignment and I managed to
finagle a guided tour of the inside. I remember the smell of new construction,
the noise of drills going into fresh drywall, and - the best part - a ride up to
the slender, catwalk-like Skybridge that links the two gleaming Arabesque
towers.

The elegant design incorporates geometric forms from Arabic art, a nod to
Malaysia's Islamic heritage. I learned that the tallest twin towers in the world
(the complex still holds that record, at 452 meters, or 1,486 feet, though it is
no longer the tallest building) already had a affectionate nickname: The Twin
Corn Cobs.

I was sure that the skyscraper duo would make it to the architectural big
leagues. I'm not talking about the tallest or largest buildings in the world
(can anyone, save residents of Illinois or Taiwan, draw me a picture of the
Sears Tower or Taipei 101?). I'm talking about structures with style: the Empire
State Building, the Eiffel Tower. Alas, in 1998 the Kuala Lumpur tourism
industry hadn't yet caught on to the towers' souvenir potential. But now, among
the structure's hundreds of retailers, there is the Petronas Twin Towers Gift
Shop.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     January 6, 2001 Saturday Final Edition

Thieving employees trade on 'entitlement': Employers advised to review
supervision of workers with easy access to goods, cash

SOURCE: Chicago Tribune

BYLINE: Dan Rafter

SECTION: Careers; Pg. E7

LENGTH: 1208 words

Sean doesn't have to read the latest studies to know that workers steal time and
money from their employers. He just has to go to work every day.

At the north suburban company for which he works, Sean, who didn't want his last
name used, has seen his office manager finagle her records so she can take an
extra week of paid vacation. He's seen the same co-worker sneak extra personal
days, even when she's used up her year's allotment.

"She keeps track of vacation and sick time," Sean said. "Her actual total and
the total that she records are two different numbers.

"She also tends to spend her afternoons playing solitaire and doing crosswords.
I guess you'd call it a theft of time.

"And that's what I see at work. Everyone occasionally leaves a few minutes
early. Everyone occasionally takes a long lunch break."

Tim Dimoff, though, has seen much worse. As founder of Mogadore, Ohio-based SACS
Consulting and Investigative Services, he's seen workers hatch complicated
schemes to bilk their employers.

In one recent case, he worked with a company whose payroll clerk victimized it
out of thousands of dollars by cashing the cheques of employees who no longer
worked at the company and pocketing the money. The company discovered the scheme
when the employee took a sick day.

A co-worker who took over her duties discovered that several of the workers on
the payroll list had been fired or had long ago left the business.

Dimoff also has worked with companies whose employees have driven home carloads
of their equipment or products. He's worked with others whose employees have
over-ordered machine parts and supplies so that they could use them to start
their own businesses on the side. Dimoff believes the studies that say workplace
fraud and theft are on the rise.

"I think a lot of it comes down to what I call 'entitlement'," Dimoff said. "The
economy is so good right now; a lot of companies seem to be oozing profits.
Employees, though, are working 150 miles an hour. They're working hard, and they
think they're entitled to more than what they're getting from their employers.
So they steal it."

While the employee theft with which Dimoff deals is far more significant than
the workplace fraud Sean sees, both are part of what researchers call a
disturbing trend in the business world. In its recently released 2000
Organizational Survey, consulting firm KPMG reported that U.S. workers see a
high level of illegal and unethical conduct on the job.

These workers also say their employers are doing little to deal with it.

According to the survey, 76 per cent of employees in all industries said they
observed violations of either the law or company policy in 1999.

What are businesses doing? Not enough, say security and workplace experts.

Some companies, these experts say, even indirectly encourage their employees to
keep mum when they see illegal or unethical conduct.

"I have not seen any major effort to stop, address, reduce or mitigate insider
theft," said Jeff Jonas, chief executive of Digital Data Development, a Las
Vegas company that has developed Nora, a software program that helps employers
uncover suspicious relationships between workers and vendors or other companies.

"Some have the attitude that if the theft is small enough, they'll absorb it,"
Dimoff added. "Some even pass the costs off to consumers. If the numbers get out
of hand, then they'll do something about it."

People such as Dimoff and Jonas say companies often indirectly encourage theft
or fraud. Some companies give their workers easy access to products and cash
with no supervision. This leads to a temptation that some workers, especially
those having financial difficulties, cannot resist.

Others, when informed of an employee stealing, fail to take decisive action,
something that discourages honest workers from coming forward.

Security and employment experts, though, do have good news. Businesses can take
some relatively simple steps to solve the problems of workplace fraud and theft.

The most obvious?

Don't give employees the opportunity to steal. Businesses that supervise all of
their employees, especially those with easy access to the business' products,
cash or records, will cut down on worker theft.

"I would say that two factors go into theft or fraud at work: There tends be an
employee in a position where he is relatively unsupervised and has control over
or access to cash or product, whether that person is a warehouse supervisor or
the company's CEO.

"That person will most likely have financial needs that their income isn't
allowing them to meet," said Peter Bulmer, a partner in the Chicago office of
law firm Jackson Lewis.

"These people are unwilling to do what most of us do, save over a long period of
time," Bulmer said.

"They may have alcohol or drug problems, or they may be people who have
grandiose lifestyles that they want to live. They want to climb the social
ladder beyond their means to support that lifestyle."

It's difficult for businesses to avoid hiring people who may harbour these
dreams of an extravagant lifestyle or who may be hiding substance-abuse
problems. But companies can do something about employee supervision.

"It is easy to look at your systems and operations and see who could get away
with theft for a long time before anyone finds out," Bulmer said. "That's where
we work with companies to make sure they are using some form of checks and
balances."

Businesses also must make it easy for employees to come forward when they see a
co-worker stealing from the petty cash drawer or pocketing extra supplies each
evening.

John Kula, who works with the corporate loss prevention practice in the Chicago
office of Deloitte & Touche, recommends that companies set up telephone hot
lines for employees to anonymously report theft. They should have written
policies that firmly state the consequences employees face should they steal
from the company. And they should offer training programs explaining what
constitutes unethical on-the-job conduct.

"They have to let employees know that theft costs the company real money," Kula
said. "They should tell employees that it affects whether they have jobs,
whether they get raises."

Finally, companies should take some measures to prevent employee theft. They can
do this by screening all potential workers before hiring them.

Some workplace experts say the amount of unethical conduct on the job isn't
rising that fast. And, they say, most companies take swift and decisive action
once they discover employee wrongdoing.

But fighting employee theft is always tricky, even for those companies who do
everything right.

"When companies have knowledge, they will take action," said James Gladden, a
lawyer with the Chicago firm of Mayer Brown & Platt, another firm that helps
companies prevent workplace fraud.

"One of the difficulties is that many people are willing to complain about
unethical behaviour at their businesses, but they are not willing to step
forward.

"And companies have to be careful to make sure they are not reacting to a
groundless charge. If they do act on a charge that has no merit, that employee
charged could have a lawsuit on his hands."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic;Diagram: Orange County Register; (A thief running away)

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Kirkus Reviews (Print)

                              June 1, 2014, Sunday

THE RED ROOM

SECTION: FICTION

LENGTH: 312  words


A third adventure takes globe-trotting independent contractor John Knox and
forensic accountant Grace Chu to Istanbul-and all around, over and beneath this
crossroads city as well.According to David Dulwich, the only thing Rutherford
Risk needs is for Knox and Grace to finagle five minutes alone with Mashe Okle,
a medical-equipment designer and financier whose restaurateur brother Akram is
incurably addicted to antiquities. The enticement will be a bust of Harmodius
presumed lost for many years, now duly authenticated and offered to Akram for a
small fraction of its estimated $10 million value. As usual (Choke Point, 2013,
etc.), Knox thinks the project sounds dubious, and Dulwich's mantra in response
to his questions-"NTK," for Need to Know-isn't reassuring.

But the medications Knox's brother and partner back in Michigan needs are so
pricey that Knox has little choice. So he signs on and heads for Istanbul, a
fascinating, inscrutable city where the one thing that's clear is that every
player in this particular game-Akram, Mashe, gallery owner Victoria Momani, art
evaluator Dr. Hassan Adjani and, of course, Dulwich himself-is also playing one
of a number of deeper games. Grace is kidnapped; Knox is shot at; and the closer
they get to their target, the more elusive he seems. That's not just because the
characters are opaque; it's because brainy Pearson's plotting and writing are
designed to impress and befuddle the gentle reader, who may feel as overwhelmed
as the sorely tried principals. Filled with bromides about tradecraft-"We don't
know who we're working for. We don't know who we're working against"; "[t]he
easy answer is never the right one"; "too many unknowns"-that are all too
appropriate to this Rubik's cube of a thriller.

Publication Date: 2014-06-17

Publisher: Putnam

Stage: Adult

ISBN: 978-0-399-16374-6

Price: $26.95

Author: Pearson, Ridley

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 11, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1061 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1    RED LILY (Jove,                              1
     $7.99). By Nora
   Roberts The ghost of
     the Harper bride
    becomes malevolent
     when the current
   Harper scion finds a
      new paramour.
2   THE BROKER (Dell,                             2
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
3  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            4
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, relates her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
4       GOING HOME                                1
   (Silhouette, $7.99).
  By Nora Roberts Three
  novellas reprinted in
      a new omnibus:
  "Unfinished Business,"
   "Island of Flowers"
      and "Mind Over
         Matter."
5  STATE OF FEAR (Avon,                           6
    $7.99). By Michael
         Crichton
  Eco-terrorists plot to
     create "natural
     disasters" in an
    effort to further
  their radical agenda.
6    THE KITE RUNNER                             61
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
7   WHITEOUT (Signet,                             6
  $7.99). By Ken Follett
  The debt-ridden son of
     a pharmaceutical
    company's founder
  burgles the lab, with
        unforeseen
      consequences.
8  BLOOD MEMORY (Pocket                           2
  Star, $9.95). By Greg
  Iles Forensic dentist
  Cat Ferry consults on
    a string of serial
   murders in Natchez,
  Miss., while juggling
     personal crises.
9   NIGHT FALL (Warner                            6
    Vision, $7.99). By
      Nelson DeMille
  Anti-terrorist expert
   John Corey is driven
   to reassess the 1996
   crash of TWA Flight
   800 off Long Island.
1  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          16
0  TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            11
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  A former screenwriter
     and drug dealer
      chronicles his
      addiction and
        recovery.
2    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             17
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
3 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         49
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
4     IN COLD BLOOD                               7
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
5  JARHEAD: A MARINE'S                            7
  CHRONICLE OF THE GULF
  WAR AND OTHER BATTLES
     (Pocket, $7.99;
    Scribner, $15). By
     Anthony Swofford
6 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         92
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
7 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         51
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
8 HIS EXCELLENCY: GEORGE                          4
   WASHINGTON (Vintage,
    $15). By Joseph J.
  Ellis. A biography of
    the statesman from
   British army soldier
    to U.S. president.
9      BAD CAT: 244                              33
  NOT-SO-PRETTY KITTIES
    AND CATS GONE BAD
   (Workman, $9.99). By
     Jim Edgar Candid
    photos of felines
   acting up and acting
           out.
1      BAD DOG: 278                               4
0  OUTSPOKEN, INDECENT,
   AND OVERDRESSED DOGS
   (Workman, $9.95) By
    R.D. Rosen, Harry
     Prichett and Rob
         Battles
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1  MARY, MARY (Little,                            3
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
2 THE LIGHTHOUSE (Knopf,                          2
  $25.95). By P.D. James
  Commander Dalgliesh is
   dispatched to Combe
   Island, an isolated
     retreat for the
    well-to-do, where
     murder is afoot.
3     THE CAMEL CLUB                              6
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
4   LIGHT FROM HEAVEN                             4
   (Viking, $26.95). By
   Jan Karon Father Tim
       endeavors to
       revitalize a
      long-neglected
  mountain church in the
  Mitford Years series'
        swan song.
5   PREDATOR (Putnam,                             6
   $26.95). By Patricia
    Cornwell Forensic
       examiner Kay
   Scarpetta, now based
  in Florida, is stymied
  by a series of bizarre
   slayings and thorny
          clues.
6  FOREVER ODD (Bantam,                           1
   $27). By Dean Koontz
   Odd Thomas, who can
     see the dead, is
   "asked" for help by
     the ghost of his
  father's best friend,
    recently murdered.
7     AT FIRST SIGHT                              6
   (Warner, $24.95). By
  Nicholas Sparks Jeremy
     Marsh and Lexie
  Darnell, last seen in
      Sparks's "True
  Believer," are coping
    with the stress of
       engagement.
8  CHRIST THE LORD: OUT                           5
     OF EGYPT (Knopf,
  $25.95) By Anne Rice.
  The Holy Family's trek
  back to Nazareth from
   Egypt, narrated by a
    7-year-old Jesus.
9    SAVING FISH FROM                             5
    DROWNING (Putnam,
  $26.95) By Amy Tan. A
   Burmese vacation is
  scuttled when American
   travelers are seized
   by a mystical rebel
          tribe.
1 ORDINARY HEROES (FSG,                           5
0 $25). By Scott Turow A
  cache of lost letters
    compels a retired
    crime reporter to
      delve into his
   father's often murky
      WWII service.
    Nonfiction/General
1  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          35
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
2 TEACHER MAN: A MEMOIR                           3
    (Scribner, $26) By
    Frank McCourt. The
   author of "Angela's
   Ashes" recounts his
    tenure in the NYC
  public school system.
3  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                            6
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
4 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES:                          5
  AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS
    (Simon & Schuster,
  $25). By Jimmy Carter
    Cautioning against
        religious
     fundamentalism's
        influence.
5  THE COMPLETE CALVIN                            7
   AND HOBBES (Andrews
  McMeel, $150). By Bill
  Watterson. The cartoon
  strip in its entirety
      from its first
   syndication in 1985.
6 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          34
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
7  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                            9
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   grief and mourning;
    winner of the 2005
   National Book Award
     for nonfiction.
8     1776 (Simon &                              23
    Schuster, $32). By
     David McCullough
  Military campaigns and
   personal narratives
  tell the story of the
  first full year of the
   American Revolution.
9 THE TRUTH: WITH JOKES                           6
  (Dutton, $25.95) By Al
   Franken. The cheeky
   satirist's follow-up
    to "Lies" aims to
        debunk the
    conservative media
          spin.
1    HEALTHY AGING: A    7Rankings reflect sales for the week ended December
0 LIFELONG GUIDE TO YOUR  4, 2005. The charts may not be reproduced without
  PHYSICAL AND SPIRITUAL permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2005
    WELL-BEING (Knopf,       by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
    $27.95) By Andrew      italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
       Weil. A new         which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
     perspective for      Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
     staying vibrant.                 separate, monthly list.)

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 11, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

SERIOUS LACK OF PLACE LEAVES "ORANGE COUNTY" BANKRUPT

BYLINE: Joe Williams Post-Dispatch Film Critic

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 387 words


Orange County, Calif., is one of the wealthiest locales in the nation, and a
movie with the same name implies a satire of SoCal affluence. But "Orange
County," the movie, takes place in a generic teen-comedy universe where laughs
are cheap.

Colin Hanks plays Shaun Brumder, an ordinary if affable surfer who is,
implausibly, the top student in his high school class. When Shaun unearths a
weatherbeaten novel on the beach, it inspires him to write his own book and
apply to Stanford to study with his new literary hero.

Shaun jettisons his surfer lifestyle and prepares to leave for Stanford -- until
he discovers that his guidance counselor (Lily Tomlin) sent the wrong transcript
with his application.

Instead of rectifying the clerical error, as would an ostensibly smart guy,
Shaun embarks on a series of ever-dumber schemes to finagle his way into the
college. Unfortunately, his drunken mom (Catherine O'Hara) and drug-guzzling
older brother (Jack Black) disrupt the plans. Eventually, Shaun finds himself
racing up the highway with his brain-dead brother on a mission that culminates
with illegal, illogical and less-than-ethical events.

Even given the very iffy plot, a movie with such a talented cast should have
blundered into one or two legitimately funny gags. O'Hara makes a reasonably
colorful souse, but Black's sub-Belushi antics (many of which are performed in
bikini briefs) are gross and not the least bit liberating.

Harold Ramis as the college dean, Kevin Kline as the literary legend and John
Lithgow as Shaun's estranged dad are all underused, as is the very likable
Schuyler Fisk as Shaun's hippie-ish girlfriend. Young Hanks, like his dad, Tom,
makes a convincing everyman; but the role calls for someone believably brainy to
justify the premise and the phony coming-of-age narration.

If nothing else, the film could have exploited the comic possibilities of
beachside dudespeak and suburban sprawl, but "Orange County" has no sense of
place. Instead of careening on the freeway of subversive humor, it's as lifeless
and flat as a strip-mall parking lot.

Orange County may be rich, but the movie for which it is named is a welfare
case.

===============

"Orange County"

** (out of four)

Rating: PG-13 (for drug content, language and sexuality)

Running time: 1:22

Opens today

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: MOVIE REVIEW; Critic Joe Williams:; E-mail: joewilliams
@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 314-340-8344

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color Photo - Jack Black as Lance (left) and Colin Hanks as
Shaun Brumder in "Orange County."

TYPE: REVIEW - FILM - COMEDY; "ORANGE COUNTY"

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday
                                National Edition

The Girl with the Canadian passport

BYLINE: Kevin Chong, Weekend Post

SECTION: WEEKEND POST; Pg. WP16

LENGTH: 796  words


THE WATER RAT OF WANCHAI

By Ian Hamilton House of Anansi

401 pp; $19.95

---

Writing about the detective fiction of Henning Mankell, which is set in
small-town Sweden, philosopher Slavoj Zizek suggests that crime writing in the
age of globalization is characterized, paradoxically, by a preoccupation with
the local. A truly global citizen, Zizek asserts, is "the one who (re)discovers
or returns to (or identifies with) some particular roots, some specific
substantial communal identity."

The protagonist of Ian Hamilton's globe-hopping crime thriller The Water Rat of
Wanchai, Ava Lee, identifies herself with a community that is, by turns,
cosmopolitan, regional and rootless. A Chinese-Canadian living in Toronto, she
maintains extensive ties to Hong Kong, including her paternalistic, if vaguely
sinister, employer, whom she calls "Uncle."

Strikingly attractive, Havergal-educated, and gay, Ava is a forensic accountant
in her early thirties who has passed up a lifetime of tax returns for a far more
swashbuckling kind of bean-counting: relocating, by any means necessary,
fortunes stolen by one shady businessman from another. As the novel begins,
she's been contacted by the nephew of a friend of Uncle's. He has had $5-million
taken from him after botched dealings with a seafood company that's headed by
someone named Jackson Seto.

Hot on the scent of fishy money, Ava leaves Toronto for Seattle, Hong Kong,
Thailand, Guyana and the British Virgin Islands. In these far-flung locales, she
finagles vital data from banking officials and bureaucrats alike with her guile
and looks. When her charm offensive sputters in Bangkok, she blackmails one
unwilling informant with naked photos of him with a transgendered prostitute.

The Water Rat of Wanchai is the first of four novels starring Ava Lee slated to
appear in the next two years. In the age of Lisbeth Salander, it's not hard to
see why Hamilton's jet-setting heroine is so appealing. Credibly constructed by
Hamilton, who's worked as a journalist, international businessman and diplomat,
Ava's personality is defined by her cosmopolitan, bicultural upbringing. Like
any Hong Kong ID card-carrier, she's

brand-conscious, work-obsessed, pragmatic and loyal to her family. Like any
Canadian passport holder, she's culturally sensitive, well-mannered, able to
blend in and independent.

While Ava doesn't have any of the personal complications that make Mankell's
Kurt Wallender so involving, or the eccentricity that makes Marge Gunderson in
the film Fargo so endearingly memorable, her lethal knowledge of a form of kung
fu torques up her sex appeal to the approximate level of a female lead in a
Quentin Tarantino film.

The first half of The Water Rat of Wanchai, however, is painfully devoid of any
narrative urgency. The reader follows Ava to Seattle to find Seto's abandoned
office; to Hong Kong, where she has an uneventful lunch with her father, a
factory owner who has three separate families in the old-school Chinese manner;
we even get an entire chapter devoted to a stopover in Trinidad that could
easily have been summarized in a paragraph.

Nothing is at stake for Ava except her commission on the money she's hoping to
recover. At no point in the book's first 180 pages or so is Ava's investigation
ever sidetracked or her safety jeopardized. Who knew accounting could be so
dull?

As Ava collects Air Miles, Hamilton fills the book with passages of description
that could double for Yelp.comor Tripadvisor.comreviews. In Thailand, the reader
learns that Ava's second favourite soup is tom yam kung "[after] Chinese hot and
sour soup, which ranked as her uncontested favourite." At the Phoenix Hotel in
Georgetown, Guyana, "[there] was Internet access in the business centre on the
ground floor, but none in the room. If she wanted to make a long distance call,
she would have to let the switchboard know so they could activate the service
for her." At least the brown water coming from the Phoenix's showerheads gives
Ava some motivation: "She closed her eyes, shut her mouth, and tried not to
breathe through her nose, soaping and rinsing herself as quickly as she could.
Getting to Jackson Seto was becoming more urgent." The reader is unable to feel
that same trickle of exigency.

Fortunately, the second half of the book ramps up both the pacing and the
kung-fu fighting. A couple of vicious altercations, a kidnapping and a corrupt
Guyanese police chief give the story the spring it lacks early on. All of this
bodes well for the next instalment of Ava Lee's accounting adventures, due out
this summer. Perhaps that one will get off to a running start.

- Born in Hong Kong and the son of an accountant, Kevin Chong is the author of
two forthcoming books: a novel entitled Beauty Plus Pity and a memoir on horse
racing.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 01, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Do what's best for the fair

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 336 words



George Steinbrenner was right to slow down and open up discussions on a proposal
to build a mall at the Florida State Fair grounds. The Mills Corp., which wants
to develop the property, was pressing an incomplete proposal, quickly and behind
the scenes, that failed to demonstrate the benefits of a land-swap deal or
address how a mall would affect the neighborhoods of east Tampa.

Mills is trying to rally support to position itself as the preferred developer
for the mega-mall. The idea is intriguing, with the potential to create hundreds
of jobs and put millions of dollars on the Hillsborough County tax roll. But the
authority needs time to judge whether selling its prime location at Interstate 4
and U.S. 301 makes sense before considering who should develop the property.

Steinbrenner, the fair authority chairman, is protecting the public's interest
by keeping the negotiations open and by insisting that the fair authority
control the approval process. He should continue requiring authority members to
disclose who has lobbied them. Keeping the authority's parent, the state
Agriculture Department, removed from negotiations also will keep the hand of
politics and campaign contributions from spoiling a process that should best
serve local residents.

Though he has played a positive role, Steinbrenner still has one responsibility
- what's best for the fair. Hillsborough County officials must engage themselves
in the talks to ensure that a mall would not significantly worsen traffic,
property values or environmental quality in the neighborhoods surrounding the
fair. County and state officials also must guard against any effort by would-be
developers to finagle road grants, job credits or other tax subsidies that
negate any public benefit. Moving the fairgrounds to a remote site in exchange
for a new facility is a zero-sum gain. The only deal worth considering is one
that capitalizes on the authority's real estate and secures the fair's financial
position for decades to come.


LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

A pace that kills Knicks unable to replicate last year's start

BYLINE: Mike Vaccaro

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 618 words


You play the game all the time. You know you do.

Let's call it At This Pace. ATP, for short.

When you employ ATP, you can figure out a way that any ham-and-egger with a
Louisville Slugger can hit 85 home runs. ATP lets you finagle a schedule to
yield 130 wins in baseball, 15 wins in football, 70 in basketball or hockey. ATP
is especially fun when you have small sample sizes with which to play.

But it can also allow you to feel worse about your team, if that's how you want
to play it, and that's where this year's Knicks come into the picture. At this
time last year, three games into the season going on four, the Knicks were the
coolest story in New York sports. They were 3-0, going on 4-0, going on 6-0,
going on 6-0, going on 18-5.

Those are hard things to replicate. And the Knicks, through three games, weren't
anywhere close to replicating any of that. They entered last night's game with
the Charlotte Bobcats at 1-2, which is the same record as the Nets, same record
as the Bulls, same record the Heat had after three games.

Three games is no time to panic, of course. Unless you're playing ATP.

"There'll always be comparisons," coach Mike Woodson said about two hours before
tipoff. "But last year's team is last year's team. We're dealing with something
totally new this year. With some more new pieces and trying to get everyone on
the same page. I feel pretty confident we'll get it done."

There are any number of things that can explain away the difference between last
November and this one, from the absence of J.R. Smith and the departure of Jason
Kidd to the fact Carmelo Anthony seems to be shooting at a basket half as wide
as usual.

But there's one stark difference between the teams that's readily apparent even
before you take a look at numbers: last year's spent a good chunk of the season
flirting with the record for least turnovers per game. And to put it kindly,
while this year's team looks like it might not set the record for most TOs, it
seems eager to make the old college try in its pursuit.

"Our turnovers right now, they're hurting us bad," Anthony said. "We're thinking
too much, second-guessing ourselves. You see each game what we do when we just
play basketball, going with our gut. You take away the turnovers I think we walk
away with the first three games."

Said Woodson: "That's one of the things that's got to be cleaned up. We were
really good in that category last season. That's opportunities you don't get the
chance to score the ball and it was glaring [against Minnesota Sunday]. That
can't happen."

"It's only Game 4," Raymond Felton said. "We'll get better at that. We have no
choice."

In three games, the Knicks have been turning it over at such an alarming rate
it's surprising nobody's tried to blame it on Mark Sanchez or Geno Smith: 23 in
the opener against Milwaukee, 15 the next night against Chicago, 16 against the
Timberwolves. By contrast, the Knicks has single-digit turnovers in four of
those six games to start last year, all victories.

"I just call it careless, all those turnovers," Woodson said. "We're making too
many mental mistakes with the basketball. We've got a lot of new faces on this
team, too, which is a part of it. We're still just trying to find ourselves as a
team."

And part of the problem is, right now, they look nothing like last year's team.
Now, it's probably worth remembering that soon enough the shine was off last
year's team, too, by the time the hot start became an extensive and extended
midseason malaise.

Still, that start gave the 2013-14 team a road map for how to get back to where
they wanted to be. And they did. Can this year's team?

ATP?

michael.vaccaro@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: what's going on? Carmelo Anthony said the Knicks "are thinking too
much" and "second-guessing" themselves, and that has led to the 1-2 start prior
to Tuesday night's game against the Bobcats. N.Y. Post: Charles WenzelbergN.Y.
Post: Charles Wenzelberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             June 2, 2004 Wednesday

Demarche Of Mideast Democracy

BYLINE: ASLA AYDINTASBASMs. Aydintasbas is a contributing editor of The New York
Sun.

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 758 words


Next week the Group of Eight of industrial nations is meeting at Sea Island, Ga.
If the White House gets its way, the summit will mark the beginning of a
commitment by G-8 countries to push for democratization in the Middle East.

Washington has been floating the idea, the Greater Middle East Initiative, for
some time, and it finally looks like the Europeans, including Germany and
France, are willing to embark on Arab reform as a trans-Atlantic project.

Sounds simple, but it's not so easy, of course. To play along, the French
demanded that the whole thing be called "Broader Middle East" and that a
semantic distinction be made between the Middle East and North Africa. As a
price for attending the summit, Jordan and Bahrain have demanded that the
project be carried out in cooperation with the existing regimes, rather than
imposed on them, for fear they would be seen as co-conspirators in an
imperialist democracy plot.

Ever troubled by the "R" word, the Saudis and Egyptians are refusing to attend
the Savannah rendezvous. The Arab League is complaining that imposing "reform
from abroad" - instead of solving the Israeli-Palestinian dispute - is counter
to its own interests.

Of all the emirs, sheiks, and despots that make up the Arab League, America was
able to finagle only a couple of RSVPs for the much-touted summit luncheon
between the G8 and the "regional partners."

Still, any unified international posture binding Europe, Japan, and America
around the idea of democratizing the Muslim world is good news, and it will be
perceived as such by the men and women in the Middle East who yearn for greater
freedom and prosperity.

They may seem quiet, but are many in numbers. The summit will likely establish a
democracy working group,discuss the promotion of women's rights and
micro-financing to boost the private sector, and perhaps even delve into such
risque subjects as elections or the freedom of speech.

Washington's obsession with having European and Middle Eastern countries buy
into the project has resulted in a lighter and lighter agenda. But even in its
watered-down version, the new G8 proclamation could be enough to launch the
language of rights and freedoms at the heart of the Muslim world.

One promising idea was to invite Turkey, the sole democratic Muslim nation in
the region, to the Sea Island Summit. "President Bush Invites Turkey to G8
Summit as Democratic Partner," reads a White House statement."Turkey's
participation in specific programs to advance key reforms in this region,
especially on democracy, will foster collaboration among G8 and E.U. countries,
Turkey, and regional partners."

Senior administration officials say that in much the same way it served vital
western interests as a bulwark against communism during the Cold War and in
containing Saddam Hussein in the 1990s, Turkey can be a model in providing a
viable alternative to terrorism-breeding, population-oppressing Arab states. It
is a secular democracy pushing for membership in the European Union. "Turkey,"
says a White House official, "is what we'd like the Muslim world to ultimately
look like."

To get there,Washington might have to come to terms with one aspect of doing
democracy in the Middle East. What makes the Turkish experience unique is its
decades-long commitment to secular politics.

Today, Kemalist Turkey is ruled by a group of former Islamists who call
themselves the Muslim version of Europe's Christian Democrats. Even they insist
that secularism is a necessary ingredient of parliamentary politics.

Turks were furious when not long ago Secretary of State Powell accidentally
called Turkey an "Islamic Republic." They like the idea of spearheading reform
initiatives in their sad-looking backyard. Turks sound somewhat pickier than the
White House. "Americans do not exactly have to embrace our type of secularism.
But to democratize the Islamic world, you need to start with some type of
secular experience," a Turkish official said.

Which brings us to the whole question of "who" can deliver the reforms. In the
absence of freely elected leaders, agents of reform in the Middle East will
ultimately come from the ranks of liberal Muslims who embrace the basic western
values of freedom and individual rights.

Having an action-plan signed off by the unelected few might work fine as a
curtain-raiser. But the real transformation in the region will come only when
Muslim men and women can get their names on the ballot and be accountable to the
voting public. It's called free and fair elections.

Until then, it's all summit talk.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Burch more than a football player

BYLINE: HERB ZURKOWSKY

SECTION: Sports; C12

LENGTH: 656 words


Perhaps it was his first few years in Toronto when, after dealing with the
exchange rate and taxes, he had no money remaining by season's end. Or, perhaps
it was the season he spent in Ottawa under shaky ownership, when players
literally ran to the bank with their cheques, cashing them before they bounced.

Whatever it was, Swift Burch realized early in his career that he better start
planning for a career after football.

To that end, two years ago, the Alouettes' defensive end started a real-estate
development company in Washington, D.C. And then, last January, he and Robert
Potvin, a Montreal lawyer, launched Pro Player Management, a sports-management
company designed to represent athletes. The client base is small, only eight,
and doesn't consist of anyone in the Canadian Football League, but Burch is
confident the business can become sustainable.

''I've got experience learning how contracts are done,'' said Burch, who's in
his seventh CFL season and has an American-based agent representing his
interests. ''Things are a lot different. Things aren't cut and dried because
there's little money.  You've got to finagle to satisfy the players and
management.''

Burch checked with the CFL's players' association to ensure there was no
conflict of interest. He doesn't have to pay the $400 annual administration fee
to be registered by the CFLPA while he's playing, but splits the cost with
Potvin. Burch majored in business administration, with a minor in law and real
estate, while at Temple University.

''I learned through adversity to stock up your nuts when things are good,''
Burch said. ''A lot of guys don't plan ahead. I tell them to defer their money
and invest, even if it's just a little bit. I tell them not to spend all their
money because they're going to need it.

''This is a good way for me to stay in football.''

The 6-foot-4, 265-pounder came dangerously close to retiring prematurely.

He was a free agent coming out of college, signed with the Dallas Cowboys and
was on the roster as a reserve when he suffered a knee injury. He returned two
weeks later, practiced for one day and was unceremoniously cut.

''I was distraught. I didn't leave my house for a month,'' Burch said. ''I
wouldn't even go to the barber shop for a haircut because everyone knew me. It
was then that I realized this is just football. If it ends, there are plenty of
things I could do.''

Burch tried out for the San Francisco 49ers, making it to the final cuts before
deciding to try his luck in the CFL. But he vowed to retire should he be
released one more time. He signed with Baltimore as a free agent, only to be
traded to Toronto before the start of the season.

Burch spent two seasons playing for the Argonauts before Don Matthews arrived as
head coach in 1996. Matthews cleaned house and cut Burch. Going against his vow,
partly because of the advice of his mother, Burch signed with Ottawa that season
as a free agent.

''I persevered, although it didn't come easy for me,'' he said. ''It wasn't an
easy road.''

The Rough Riders folded following the season, and Burch was selected by the Als
in the dispersal draft. He's now in his fourth season in Montreal and has
finally found the continuity he strived for.

Burch was one of the Als' steadiest defensive members last season, recording
five quarterback sacks, five tackles for losses and 33 tackles in 14 games. This
season, despite the loss of rush- end Elfrid Payton, Burch leads Montreal with
three sacks. Burch, who has never recorded more than nine sacks in one season,
will receive an undisclosed bonus should he reach 10.

Signed to a new one-year contract, plus an option, over the winter, Burch wants
to spend a minimum of 10 years in the league, taking him through the 2003
season.

''I've got three more years and then I'll re-evaluate things,'' said Burch, 30.
''Do I still love the game and how is my body?''


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Burch has other interests.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 30, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

The Great Outdoors, Sponsored by . . .

BYLINE: Derek Kravitz; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 550 words


Would Burke Lake lose some of its value if it were named after a hotel chain or
a defense contractor? How about if the Super Slide at Audrey Moore RECenter at
Wakefield Park suddenly had the corporate logo of a technology or
telecommunications firm plastered on it? What if the Water Mine Family Swimmin'
Hole in Reston were named after a bank, a grocery store or a clothing outlet?

Cash-strapped Fairfax County is looking at whether selling the naming rights of
its 24,000 acres of public parks and facilities could pull in enough revenue to
offset some of the millions of dollars in budget shortfalls that have hamstrung
many county programs and operations. For the next fiscal year, Fairfax is
projecting a $315 million gap.

The idea of auctioning the names of public facilities to Corporate America has
been toyed with before: An ambitious plan in 2000 supported by a coalition of
business groups called for re-naming Northern Virginia's roads and Metro
stations. That proposal failed after several businesses questioned whether
anyone would want to buy the name of traffic-clogged stretches of the Capital
Beltway or the Dulles Toll Road. Last year, a county-supported proposal to get
ad dollars for 110 bus shelters got off the ground, but few companies have shown
interest.

Now, the county is looking at whether it can finagle a few dollars for its
parks, pointing to deals struck in California, Oregon, Pennsylvania and
Washington state. In Cranberry, Pa., a sports park was named after Dick's
Sporting Goods. Kiosks at a county-owned trail in King County, Wash., now bear
the Starbucks name. One of the most talked-about deals was negotiated between
the city of Medford, Ore., and U.S. Cellular for a new sports park. The price
tag: $650,000 for six years.

Officials also looked at Discovery Communications' $1 million contribution in
2000 to the indoor Discovery Sports Center, at the South Germantown Recreational
Park in Montgomery County.

"It's an out-of-the-box idea that is interesting in times of tough budgets,"
said Supervisor Pat S. Herrity (R-Springfield), who helped craft the road and
Metro station plan in 2000. "Heck, it's an interesting idea in good budget
times, too."

Among the facilities listed on the Fairfax County Park Authority's request for
proposals, which has a mid-October deadline: county-owned lakes, nature and
recreation centers, golf courses, reservable picnic sites, the summer
entertainment series and the future Laurel Hill SportsPlex near Occoquan.

The Fairfax County school system is also looking at whether advertising
agreements could become a new revenue source. The School Board decided a year
ago to change its policy and allow private corporate entities to snag naming
deals if they offered a "significant contribution" to the district, said schools
spokesman Paul Regnier.

Now, it appears, anything, including the Great Outdoors, is fair game.

"My feeling is that people will be open to considering a lot of things," said
Rob Jackson, president of the McLean Citizens' Association, which in the past
opposed advertisements on city-owned bus shelters.

So could Fairfax get a new mini-FedEx Field or Verizon Center?

Said Stuart Mendelsohn, president of the Fairfax County Chamber of Commerce, "As
long as it's not raising taxes, I think it's worth looking at."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                              July 15, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Al Jazeera TV chief a threat? Let's be rational

BYLINE: Bill Nemitz staff columnist

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1062 words


Brace yourselves. What you're about to read, at least for some of you, might
come across as anti-American, pro-terrorist and just plain offensive:

''The so-called Arab Spring has raised hopes of greater freedom, stability and
rule of law in the Arab world, thus helping the Arabs re-invent the way they
view themselves and the world around them. But will such hopes ultimately bloom
into positive change in Arab-U.S. relations, or are those relations condemned to
remain rocky regardless of whether the Arab Spring ultimately blooms or
withers?''

This provocative question comes to us from Abderrahim Foukara, the head of U.S.
operations for the Arab news network Al Jazeera. He'll attempt to answer it July
28, when he appears at The Strand Theatre in Rockland to deliver the keynote
speech at the annual fundraising gala for the General Henry Knox Museum in
nearby Thomaston.

I'm going - and not just because the event is sponsored by MaineToday Media and
I managed to finagle a couple of tickets.

No, I'm going because I have this gut feeling I might learn something.

Provided, that is, I'm able to hear him over the din of protesters who hear the
name ''Al Jazeera'' and ... how do I put this tactfully ... frantically start
digging holes in the sand. For their heads.

It all started logically enough.

Each year, the museum holds a fundraiser to support its mission of honoring
Knox, a hero of the American Revolution best known for getting 59 cannons and
other pieces of artillery from upstate New York to Boston in 56 days in the
winter of 1775-76.

Without firing a round from their perch atop Dorchester Heights, the guns chased
a fleet of British warships from Boston Harbor and thus ended King George III's
11-month siege of Boston.

Put more simply, Knox was a freedom fighter - and a pretty darned good one at
that - before he came to Maine to live out his life as a businessman.

Hence it made sense, at least to the museum's board, to look at the popular
uprisings in recent months in Tunisia, Egypt, Bahrain, Syria, Libya, Algeria and
various other Arab nations and consider the obvious connection between what
happened here more than 200 years ago and what's happening over there right now.

And who better to shed a little light on that than Foukara, who earned his Ph.D.
in African studies from the University of Glasgow before working for 12 years
with the British Broadcasting Corp. and then joining Al Jazeera in 2002?

Now if you actually digest your news before reacting to it, you probably already
know that Al Jazeera has come a long way since the days when the Bush
administration told everyone who would listen that the network was nothing more
than a public-relations front for al-Qaida and as anti-American an operation as
you'll ever see.

You know that these days, coverage of the ''Arab Spring'' by Al Jazeera's
five-year-old English channel has become must-see TV for those who want to know,
in depth and with a much-needed dash of cultural context, exactly what's behind
all those chaotic crowd shots and bloody government reprisals.

You might even have noticed in March when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton,
speaking to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, lauded Al Jazeera for its
''real news'' coverage of the Arab uprisings while the ''talking heads'' on
American cable channels - that's you, Fox, and you too, MSNBC - did little to
inform Americans as to what the heck was going on over there.

Which brings us back to those hole diggers.

As news of Foukara's appearance spreads throughout Maine and beyond this week,
Maine's tea party movement finds itself in full boil over the Knox museum's
decision to commemorate one revolution by learning more about another.

''I am sickened at this madness!'' wrote one Kerry Zimmerman on the Maine Tea
Party/Maine Refounders website.

''Maybe its time to take these traitors out and put on a demonstration as to
what was done to traitors back during the Revolutionary War time period. ...
Just a thought!'' suggested someone who goes by Jonathan D. Yellowbear.

But of all the screamers, my favorite was Mackenzie Andersen of East Boothbay,
who told WCSH-TV's Don Carrigan she couldn't understand why the museum folks
invited Foukara to speak.

''It seems like they want to destroy us - I mean, jihad does,'' observed
Andersen.

''Do you believe that Al Jazeera is a front for terrorism?'' asked a poker-faced
Carrigan.

''Yes, I do,'' replied Andersen. ''It recruits for jihad and ... the first stage
in America would be just creating this respectability.''

So that's it. Foukara isn't coming to Rockland to share his knowledge (for no
fee, by the way). He's on the lookout for potential jihadists - and what better
place to do that than the craggy coast of Maine!

Time will tell just how much of a brouhaha this becomes.

Act for America, a national group whose mission is to ''educate and mobilize
Americans regarding the multiple threats of radical Islam,'' put out a
''Northeast Action Alert'' on Wednesday urging its followers to ''sound off''
about this ''travesty.''

And Maine tea party leader ''Pete the Carpenter'' Harring of Standish, who last
made headlines when he was invited to join the transition team of Gov. Paul
LePage, is talking about picketing the speech and, if he can find it, a
reception that follows. (To keep the peace, organizers have moved the reception
from the Camden National Bank office in Rockland to an undisclosed private
location.)

Foukara, meanwhile, couldn't be reached for comment this week because he's away
from his Washington, D.C., office on business. But if you're still wondering
where this guy's coming from, consider what he had to say about the Arab
protesters back in March in an interview with Time magazine.

''They are demonstrating for something a lot of Americans understand well,
something Americans have understood for over 200 years,'' Foukara said. ''That
is democracy.''

The words of a Muslim extremist? Wait, there's more.

''And my hope is that the light that came out of Cairo over those three weeks
would change not just the Arab world and its view of America but also change
American views of the Arab world,'' Foukara said. ''Then we're getting
somewhere.''

Want to hear more?

Call the General Henry Knox Museum at 354-8062 for a ticket to Foukara's speech.

It beats getting sand in your ears.


Columnist Bill Nemitz can be contacted at 791-6323 or at:

bnemitz@mainetoday.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Al Jazeera's Abderrahim Foukara is scheduled to speak about the
fledgling revolution in the Arab world at a fundraiser for a Thomaston museum
named after a hero of the American revolution.
2006 Associated Press file

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              May 29, 2012 Tuesday

Talking Points

SECTION: B SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 253 words



HIGHLIGHT: Rajon Rondo

Averaged 11.9 points, 4.5 rebounds a game for Celtics

Phil Mickelson

No. 2 highest-paid athlete ... for the time being.


1
In "The Godfather Part II," a group of gangsters are all anticipating the death
of mob boss Hyman Roth, when Michael Corleone observes that he's been "dying
for the last 20 years."

Kinda sounds a bit like the Celtics, doesn't it?
For the past two or three years, we've been hearing about how Boston has "one
last run in them," as though a playoff exit will signal the closing of a
championship window. And yet ... every year, the C's seem to finagle their way
back into the title contention.
This crafty group, led by a dynamic and inexplicably underrated point guard in
Rajon Rondo, is not a team anybody wants to face regardless of record.
And if they do end up saying goodbye in the Eastern Conference finals, don't
start writing up an obituary for this team yet.
2
Phil Mickelson
is reportedly part of a group interested in buying the San Diego Padres, and if
that gets you thinking about just how much Lefty makes, here's the answer: A
lot.
Last June, Sports Illustrated listed the 50th highest-paid athletes in America.
No. 1 was
Tiger Woods,
who took home an estimated $62 million dollars. No. 2? Mickelson -- who made an
estimated $61 million.
It makes sense, given Phil's visibility on the course. He and Tiger are the
only duo consistently getting airtime regardless of their position in a
tournament, and with that KPMG endorsement everywhere he walks, you can bet
Mickelson's raking in the dough.
Stay tuned for next June's list, where Talking Points thinks Mickelson may just
surpass the endorsement-challenged Tiger.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 25, 2011 Saturday

Foster City OKs new alcohol policy for rental of city facilities

BYLINE: By Aaron Kinney akinney@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; News

LENGTH: 385 words


Two fundamental adult desires came into conflict last week in Foster City:
protecting children from harm and the thirst for booze.

A split City Council approved a new alcohol policy for city facilities that for
the first time will allow alcohol to be served at special events at The Vibe,
Foster City's Teen Center. The Vibe is available to rent Saturday and Sunday,
when it is not being used for youth activities.

The council spent a half-hour debating the issue last Monday. Parks and
Recreation Director Kevin Miller noted that allowing alcohol at the facility
could send the wrong message to kids and damage The Vibe's image. Miller, Mayor
Linda Koelling and Vice Mayor Art Kiesel also expressed concern that kids could
finagle alcoholic beverages during events.

"I just feel that that facility is for the youth of the community," Koelling
said during the meeting. "It can be used by adults as well, but I'm not so sure
we have to serve alcohol with every activity that we sponsor in this community."

Koelling and Kiesel were outvoted, however, by Councilmen Charlie Bronitsky and
Rick Wykoff and Councilwoman Pam Frisella. Wykoff said adults are capable of
keeping drinks out of minors' hands, though Miller recounted that there was a
problem at the Community Center last month when teens were seen drinking at a
"Sweet 16" party chaperoned by adults.

The city allows four of its buildings to be used for special events: the
Community Center, the Recreation Center, The Vibe and Council Chamber. People
who hold special events at these facilities -- including weddings, birthday
parties and memorial services -- are charged $163 for insurance plus $26 if
alcohol will be sold. Anyone who sells alcohol must also get a license from the
state Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control.

The council directed Miller to come up with a method for charging higher rental
fees for events serving alcohol, which put a greater strain on the city's
maintenance staff. Miller and council members said it will be important to make
sure The Vibe is cleaned thoroughly after parties so the smell of alcohol does
not remain.

Miller estimated in a staff report that allowing alcohol at The Vibe during
special events could bring the city $3,600 more a year in revenue from rentals.
Frisella said she thinks the figure will be higher.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Vibe, a teen center in Foster City, Calif. is photographed on
Friday, June 24, 2011. The city is considering allowing adult-only events with
alcohol at The Vibe. (Dan Honda/Staff)
The Vibe, a teen center in Foster City, Calif. is photographed on Friday, June
24, 2011. The city is considering allowing adult-only events with alcohol at The
Vibe. (Dan Honda/Staff)
The Vibe, a teen center, Foster City, Calif. photographed on Friday, June 24,
2011. The city is considering allowing adult-only events with alcohol at The
Vibe. (Dan Honda/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Sydney MX (Australia)

                           February 12, 2008 Tuesday
                                1 - SYD Edition

mX Flicks

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 476 words


CHARLIE WILSON'S WAR (M)

Tom Hanks, Philip Seymour Hoffman and (a miscast) Julia Roberts star in this
political satire based on the bestseller by former 60 Minutes producer George
Crile. Faithfully adapted for the screen by foreign-policy supremo Aaron Sorkin
(The West Wing), veteran director Mike Nichols (Closer) tells the story of an
idealistic Texas congressman who went against the grain in the early '80s. While
"unwinding" one evening, the rather wicked Wilson (played with customary aplomb
by Hanks) is stirred by news of Afghan rebels fighting the invading Soviets.
Conspiring with a powerbroking right-winger (Roberts) and a rogue CIA operative
(Hoffman), Wilson devises a covert campaign to finagle US financial support for
the Afghan mujahidin.

Consequently, the trio's wheeling and dealing would help dissolve the Cold War
and leave the Soviet Union in tatters.

Armed with wit, style, engaging political banter and a firing-on-all-cylinders
Hoffman, this is sure to satisfy.

THERE WILL BE BLOOD (M)

There Will Be Blood has been rightfully branded one of the most original,
big-thinking epics of all time. Paul Thomas Anderson (Magnolia, Boogie Nights)
shatters new ground in cinema as Daniel Day-Lewis does his best impression of a
human vacuum cleaner, sucking up all before him as an abominable oil prospector
in early-1900s California.

JUNO (M)

Red-hot Ellen Page shines as 16-year-old Juno, who enlists her best friend
(Superbad's Michael Cera) to become her first sexual partner, without fully
contemplating the outcome.

Already sitting just outside the Internet Movie Database's top 100, this is the
first true little bundle of cinematic joy for 2008, and we have director Jason
Reitman (Thank You for Smoking) to thank for it.

LUST, CAUTION (R18+)

Ang Lee (Brokeback Mountain) directs this stunningly sexy thriller based on a
short story by Eileen Chang. Set in Japanese-occupied Shanghai during WWII, a
passionate love affair blossoms between a collaborator (Tony Leung) and a young
spy (the bewitching Tang Wei) who's posing as an affluent wife to lure him into
an assassination plot. Also stars Joan Chen.

THE KITE RUNNER (M)

Khaled Hosseini's bestselling novel, set in strife-torn Afghanistan, is given
fine treatment by director Marc Forster (Finding Neverland).

Guilt-ridden Afghani-American author Amir (Khalid Abdalla) returns to his
homeland, Taliban-controlled Kabul, seeking redemption for betraying his best
friend while growing up in the '70s. A moving story of friendship.

ALVIN AND THE CHIPMUNKS (G)

Everyone's favourite singing chipmunks are back - this time in CGI. This
computeranimated/ live-action flick stars Jason Lee (My Name is Earl) as Dave, a
down-on-his-luck songwriter who gives Alvin and the gang shelter, only to
discover they can sing. The kids will love the adorable chipmunks and it's not
all that painful for adults.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MXS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 31, 2004 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Movies;
TUESDAY

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 410 words


Swearing Allegiance

(1997) aka Love's Deadly Triangle: The Texas Cadet Murder

Seven, noon

Another true-life story that, with any luck, might well have had its final
chapter written in the bowels of the infamous Abu Ghraib prison. It concerns two
childhood sweethearts, Diane Zamora and David Graham (Holly Marie Combs from
Charmed and David Lipper ), who pledge to be together forever even when they
enrol in two different military academies. Temptation lures David into the arms
of another and when Diane finds out, she feels an urgent need to kidnap and kill
her rival. This she does with David's help leaving baffled cops floundering
without a prime suspect . . . until Diane gets loose lips. She and Dave are now
in the slammer pondering their future and watching B-grade cable-telemovies such
as this.

High Sky Summer

(2002) SBS, 1pm

A film crew in a remote village in the north-west of China is making a film
about a kid who has moved to the city but yearns to get back to his roots.
Twelve-year-old, movie-mad Wang Shouxian finagles his way into the lead role
but, despite a willingness to please, he insists the storyline is less than
realistic. No kid, he insists, would think of abandoning life in the city for an
impoverished flyspeck dump where nothing ever happens and repetition is slow
death to anyone with spirit. He even gets up a petition from locals endorsing
his viewpoint, but the director insists on sticking to his script. When the
crucial scene begins, Wang is unable to utter the lines he finds so
objectionable. What will be the dividend of his moral determination?

House of Cards

(1993) Nine, 1.10am (Wed)

When her father dies, six-year-old Sally retreats into a cone of silence. Her
mother (Kathleen Turner ) initiates treatment with a child psychologist (Tommy
Lee Jones ), who specialises in autism. He recommends certain therapies but it's
hard to rescue a kid hiding in a zone of numbness and suspicious of anything
likely to result in further hurt.

Secret Mission

(1942) ABC, 1.05am (Wed)

Four British intelligence agents are sent to assess the strength of German
forces in occupied France. They succeed in gathering vital data on a Nazi
munitions factory which is dispatched via Resistance channels to Whitehall.
British paratroopers spill out of planes and scupper the plant, but the Gestapo
is closing in and, within sight of a safe getaway, one of the infiltrators
(James Mason, on the right side for a change) pays the ultimate price.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 14, 2004 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

FDNY SPARKPLUG Volunteer puts 'Special' in city Olympic Games

BYLINE: By PATRICE O'SHAUGHNESSY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; HERO OF THE MONTH; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 718 words


Hero of the Month spotlights those men and women, civil servants and civilians,
who go beyond the call of duty to make New York a better place.

A CLOSER LOOK. EUGENE KANANOWICZ.

Background: Born and reared in Whitestone, Queens; graduatead from John Jay
College of Criminal Justice; joined the Fire Department 25 years ago; 48.

Family: Married to Michelle Dorry-Kananowicz; they have a son, Thomas.

Eugene Kananowicz, a fast-talking fire captain, was running around at Riverbank
State Park on the Hudson River in upper Manhattan, directing volunteers to move
equipment to get the track and field ready for the Special Olympics.

For 10 years, Kananowicz has been the driving force behind getting firefighters
to set up hundreds of chairs and tables the day before the event, which this
year was held on June 5. They pack more than 1,000 lunches and provide water and
ice to athletes, and time their performances during the events.

Kananowicz, called K-9 by everyone who knows him, also gets chiefs and ranking
officers in full-dress uniform to march with each delegation of athletes. And he
finagles for a fireboat to spout water and put on a show for the competitors.

Working behind the scenes to make the day run smoothly can be tough, but it's
all worth it when the athletes proudly march onto the field and give their all,
he said.

Kananowicz has been indispensable to the event, organizers said.

For his contribution to the Special Olympics, Kananowicz is the Daily News Hero
of the Month.

"He doesn't want recognition, but he is the impetus for the involvement of
firefighters and their relationship with the athletes," said Neal Johnson,
president of Special Olympics New York.

Johnson said his group presented its Outstanding Organization of the Year Award
to the FDNY.

"We call them the 'heroes for our heroes,'" Johnson said. "Before the
firefighters came, it was impossible - we couldn't do as well, or have as big an
event. They literally are invaluable to us. They make the day happen."

Kananowicz, 48, who is assigned to Division 7 in the Bronx and has worked in
Harlem's Engine 53/Ladder 43, brushed off any plaudits.

"I'm not the hero here. The families, the kids, the guys that show up, they're
the heroes," Kananowicz said.

His involvement began about 10 years ago, when he was working at the firehouse
on E. 102nd St. He called the Special Olympics office out of the blue, and
Christine Burton answered the phone.

"He said he was getting off work, and asked if we needed help," Burton said. "I
said, 'Sure.' We had a few volunteers, or we used to have to pay people to set
up."

Kananowicz showed up at the park after his shift.

"It was me and eight women, and we had to set up 613 chairs and 18 tables, and
it took, like, 12 hours," he remembered. "So I asked guys at my firehouse, and
then I started sending out flyers, and calling people.

"After a while, I had guys calling me, asking if they could help."

Assistant Chief Thomas Haring, who takes part in the athletes' parade, called
Kananowicz "extremely dedicated, highly motivated. ... He's the workhorse. Most
firefighters get involved with Boy Scouts, or soccer [coaching]. He gets
involved in something where there are thousands of kids. And to see him with the
children, it's impressive."

The metro Special Olympics games are the second-biggest in the state, drawing
athletes from 11 counties, including the city.

Kananowicz said that on Sept. 11, 2001, he lost about 20 firefighters who
regularly volunteered at the Special Olympics.

"I wasn't going to do it again. ... We were still doing funerals in May and June
[of 2002], and working at the World Trade Center. ... I was going to stop, but
then guys showed up to carry on for the ones we lost," he said, a catch in his
voice.

The uniformed escorts for the athletes was Kananowicz's idea, Johnson said.
"It's just a great thing ... the athletes love it," he said.

So, on June 5, there was K-9, running around, a walkie-talkie radio in each
hand, making sure the athletes had what they needed. And when it was over, he
took down all the chairs and put everything away. Until next year.

"Every year, I say, 'This is the last' - and then the day of the games, you see
how hard these kids try, how they cheer each other on, and how great it is for
the parents," Kananowicz said.

"And you want to do it again."

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Capt. Eugene Kananowicz of FDNY has proven himself indispensable to
Special Olympics New York's annual games. Phil Mansfield

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             January 5, 2009 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

STILL A TUG OF WAR FOR SENATE DEMS

BYLINE: BY ELIZABETH BENJAMIN

SECTION: NEWS; DAILY POLITICS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 581 words


There's 72 hours left, and still no deal in Albany.

Both sides in the battle over who will control the Democrat-led Senate stepped
up the pressure yesterday in the hope of ending the stalemate before Wednesday's
vote.

Senate Democratic leader Malcolm Smith - heir apparent to the leadership spot -
met face-to-face with the so-called Gang of Three last night in the Bronx.

It was his first meeting with the renegade Democratic trio since a power-sharing
deal brokered by Gov. Paterson imploded and imperiled Smith's standing with his
fellow Dems.

The highly public death of the deal created a significant "trust issue" between
Smith and the three senators - Ruben Diaz Sr., Pedro Espada Jr. and Carl Kruger
- that Smith has yet to resolve, a Gang of Three source said.

"No one has a great deal of faith in [Smith] until this check clears," said the
source.

"They've been down this road before. The old Clint Eastwood line comes to mind
about your mouth writing checks your body can't cash. They're prepared to bury
him if that's the case."

Meanwhile, Republican leader Dean Skelos, who is desperately trying to finagle a
way to hold on to the majority leader's post, is getting help.

The Senate GOP's deep-pocketed allies in organized labor have taken up Skelos'
cause.

He has asked leaders of the health care powerhouse 1199 SEIU and the AFL-CIO to
meet today with the Gang of Three in hopes the union bigs will persuade the
Democratic lawmakers to cast their lot with the Republicans.

Once newly elected senators are seated, the chamber will be split 32 Democrats
to 29 Republicans - with one race still undecided.

Neither Skelos nor Smith can succeed without the votes of Espada, Diaz and
Kruger as long as all the other senators remain loyal to their respective
parties.

The gang seemed content yesterday to let negotiations go down to the wire.

"There is no decision yet," Diaz told the Daily News. "The people will know on
Jan. 7."

The now dead Paterson-brokered deal would have made Espada majority leader,
Kruger head of a souped-up Finance Committee and Diaz chairman of the Aging
Committee. A Democratic source said key elements of that deal remain in play.

"They will get marginally less, but not substantially less, than they were first
offered," the source said. "What has to happen here is the Gang of Three has to
blink a little bit, but not too much."

Members of the gang were still waiting to hear from the Democratic governor, who
helped broker the first deal and unsuccessfully tried to help Smith corral
Republican support after that agreement fell apart.

Paterson has since tried to keep a lower profile in the Senate leadership fight,
preferring to let surrogates like Bronx Democratic Chairman Carl Heastie and
Brooklyn Democratic Chairman Vito Lopez negotiate on his behalf.

The Senate Democrats were slated to meet Saturday but scrapped that plan because
there was no deal. They will now meet in Albany tomorrow night, as will the
Republicans.

Sen. Martin Golden, a Brooklyn Republican, predicted the leadership fight will
be over by tomorrow. He insisted there would be no significant disturbance in
the Senate regardless of the outcome.

"It has the potential of going in either direction, and I think it gets done
very quickly because it's starting to get old," Golden said.

"I don't see it waiting until Wednesday. If we pull it off, we'll continue to
work with the governor to get things done. If not, we'll still work with the
governor to get things done."

ebenjamin@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sen. Malcolm Smith hopes to end stalemate with Gang of Three over
leadership of state Senate. Photo by Ken Goldfield

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                               May 7, 2006 Sunday

GARDENING IN DROUGHT TIMES

BYLINE: PAUL WEIDEMAN, PHOTOGRAPHY

SECTION: REAL ESTATE GUIDE; Pg. RE-32

LENGTH: 1489 words


"SEEDS SENSE DROUGHT," said David Salman of Santa Fe Greenhouses. "And they know
the difference between well water and rainwater. This will be a tough seed
year."

Water is everything. A year ago we had some late-winter snowfall and
early-spring rains, but apparently it was just a temporary reprieve from the
drought that has afflicted the Santa Fe area in the new millennium. It is more
important than ever to capture the little rainfall we do get.

The best solution is to store rainwater from your roof in a large underground
cistern. Every new house in Santa Fe should have such a system. In lieu of that,
stock tanks do a good job, placed beneath your canales. Each one holds three
times the water as the commonly marketed rain barrel. You should finagle some
kind of screen cover to keep out bugs and mice.

How to use that water? You can get good exercise walking back and forth between
tank and plants with a dunked watering can, or you can try tapping in a faucet,
but the system is much easier to use with a hose attached to a small,
submersible pump.

Whatever kind of vessel you have under your roof-drains, chances are they've
been bone-dry for months. Malcolm Newman, Newman's Nursery, has a suggestion.
"As you wait for the water to get hot for your shower, collect the water in a
bucket and put it in the rain barrel," he said.

Gardeners have at their disposal strategies both ancient and modern to help deal
with water shortage. Newman's carries ollas -- traditional, tapered clay vessels
with small mouths -- produced by an Albuquerque enterprise named Agua de Vida.
Partially bury an olla next to a specimen plant or put one in the center of a
container and plant all around it. You just fill the olla and the water seeps
through the vessel's clay walls to nourish the roots.

A high-tech solution comes in the form polymer granules marketed as Soil Moist.
Mixed into the planting soil, the crystals absorb an incredible amount of water,
then slowly release it into the soil. "Using the granules will decrease the
frequency of watering by half," Salman said. "It's also good to plant in large
pots, which hold more water and permit deep root growth.

"This year people are more interested in more xeric plants, and container
gardening for annuals," Salman said. "Containers are great because they're much
less water-intensive and you can shelter them, put them up close to the house
where you can enjoy them, and give them a little afternoon shade."

You can grow a whole vegetable garden in containers -- or lush Hosta blooms. "We
definitely have a focus on providing waterwise and drought-tolerant plants,"
Newman said. "You see about 30 Hosta plants here where before we had 300. Some
people have to have their Hostas and that's OK if you put them in a container
and use crystals in the soil."

The name of the game is xeriscaping. The word comes from the Greek xeros meaning
"dry" but it does not mean you're restricted to cacti and rock. There is a long
list of low-water-use plants appropriate to the xeriscape. A well-implemented
xeriscape containing perennials such as penstemons, ornamental grasses,
lavenders, Salvias, and yarrows only requires watering once a week. If and when
the drought passes, it may not need any supplemental water at all after being
established for a year or two.

No transplant, however, should be expected to tolerate drought conditions in its
first year. Newly planted perennials as well as annuals and vegetables, properly
mulched, require watering every other day or every third day.

A Stage 2 Water Shortage Emergency has been in effect in the city since May
2003. There are penalties for watering on days you're not supposed to --
Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday for odd addresses and Wednesday, Friday, and
Sunday for even -- but these are only guidelines. "This even/odd watering days
thing is hooey because people think, 'It's my day to water' and they tend to
overwater," Salman said.

The emergency forbids planting new turf seed and sod. Also part of the rules --
and just good sense -- is that you must not water between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m.,
when the hot sun will evaporate most of the water. You will save up to 52
percent of your annual water use if you engage in xeriscaping, according to the
Internet site of Santa Fe's Sangre de Cristo Water Department.

Mulching is utterly sensible for every outdoor planting in our area. Salman and
Newman both recommended amending our hard earth with cotton-burr and mushroom
compost, which can also serve as mulch. It helps hold water in the soil and adds
nutrients to the soil as it gradually decomposes.

"Also incredibly important," Newman said, is to use weed fabric and mulch in
combination; that will get you 20 or 30 percent water savings over one of them
alone. The fabric eliminates weed growth. All weeds and grasses will get the
water first, before your plants. They're very successful, especially competing
with drought-tolerant plants, which are tough but not opportunistic."

Newman adds compost mulch every year to maintain a two-inch layer, then
fertilizes spring and fall with Gro-Power or Yum Yum Mix. "You can use
traditional fertilizer like Miracle Gro on container plants but you shouldn't
use it on drought-stricken landscape plants," he said.

When asked how many of their customers are really concerned about water use
Newman's brother, Todd, guessed it's 80 to 85 percent. He pointed out a large
section the nursery is devoting to native plants and other xerics: Apache plume,
chamisa, fernbush, yuccas, ornamental grasses, mountain mahogany, and buckthorn.
"It's important that people go to our nurseries here in Santa Fe rather than the
big-box stores that just bring in plants that grow wherever," he said.

Salman recently has added something new to his company's arsenal of products.
Besides the composts, fertilizers, humates, trace minerals, kelp extracts, and
Soil Moist, there is now Earth Magic, a mycorrhizal fungi to add to the soil to
increase root mass and help roots get water.

"Business this spring was a little slow, but we're actually busier in drought
years," Salman said, "because the weather is nicer and people like to garden.
Also there's a horrendous amount of new construction and we have this really
important product we've found for the common situation where builders have
scraped off the lot and destroyed the soil ecology. Trying to get plants to grow
in that sterile subsoil is like trying to make yogurt without the culture. You
can restore the soil by innoculating it with mycorrhiza."

Even in a relatively wet year most of us often must rely on our domestic-water
supply. The precious liquid can be carefully fed to plants with a
drip-irrigation system. This is by far the most efficient way to water
landscaping plants for three reasons: it delivers water to your plants, ignoring
all the ground between them; the slow, steady drip allows water to penetrate our
dense, clayey soils and reach the roots instead of running along the surface of
the ground; and it avoids water loss through evaporation and wind.

Drip irrigation helps train the plant to grow roots deep, where the soil is cool
and moist. As a shrub or tree grows, its roots expand outward from the main
stem, so you should adjust the position of your drip emitters accordingly.

Three of our nurseries have engaging, informative Websites. See
www.plantsofthesouthwest.com, www.highcountrygardens.com, and www.paynes.com.

EcoVersity (424-9797) has classes coming up on backyard composting, 2-5 p.m.
Saturday, May 13; on rainwater harvesting, 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, May 13; and
on re-using greywater in your landscape, 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, May 27.

Patronize local businesses! Find stock tanks at the Feed Bin, submersible pumps
at Big Jo Hardware, and a complete line of drip-irrrigation equipment at The
Firebird.

A suggested list of low-water plants

Woody plants growing over 10 feet tall

Arizona cypress (Cupressus arizonica)

Desert holly (Mahonia haematocarpa)

Desert willow (Chilopsis linearis)

Fragrant ash (Fraxinus cuspidata)

Gambel oak, shrub live oak (Quercus gambelii, turbinella)

Hop tree or wafer ash (Ptelea trifoliata)

Mountain mahoganies (Cercocarpus montanus, ledifolius)

New Mexico privet (Forestiera neomexicana)

Utah serviceberry (Amelanchier utahensis)

Shrubs

Antelope bitterbrush (Purshia tridentata)

Apache plume (Fallugia paradoxa)

Beargrass (Nolina microcarpa)

Chamisa (Chrysothamnus nauseosus)

Feather dalea, black indigobush, broom dalea (Dalea sp.)

Fernbush (Chamaebatiaria millefolium)

Four-wing saltbush and shadscale (Atriplex canescens, confertifolia)

Leadplant (Amorpha canescens)

Mormon tea (Ephedra sp.)

Big, silver, sand, black sages (Artemisia sp.) - need good drainage

Three-leaf sumac (Rhus trilobata)

Winterfat (Ceratoides lanata)

Pricklies

Parry agave (Agave parryi)

Yuccas

Hedgehog, prickly pear, cholla cacti (Echinocerus and Opuntia sp.)

Vines

Silverlace vine (Polygonum aubertii)

Virginia creeper (Parthenocissus quinquefolia)

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The New Mexican


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 7, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

CONSENSUS ON CITY SCHOOLS: NEWS ANALYSIS;
More Power, More Risks

BYLINE:  By JOYCE PURNICK

SECTION: Section A; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1005 words


The mayor will have accountability. But will he have control? And if he does,
will this former businessman, new to public life and public education, know what
to do with his newly gained power?

That is what people who understand New York City's unwieldy school system are
asking now that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg appears to have accomplished the
seemingly impossible.

After 33 years of decentralization, the country's largest school system is on
its way to recentralization, with the mayor at its nucleus. "This is the
greatest consolidation of education I know of in the country," said Lewis H.
Spence, who was a deputy chancellor under Chancellor Rudy Crew in the 1990's. "I
think it gives him very powerful tools."

But for Mr. Bloomberg, who staked his reputation on improving the schools if he
got more authority over them, will having these new tools mean he will be able
to raise test scores, energize teacher recruitment, reduce the dropout rate and
make the failing schools succeed?

The consensus among educators and officials is that by getting the meddlesome
Board of Education out of the way, appointing the chancellor directly and
curbing the political influences on the schools, Mr. Bloomberg can stimulate
innovation and creativity. He can chip away at wasteful rules and regulations.
He can rally the public, maybe the teachers and principals. He will not be able
to argue that things went sour because he did not have a direct role.

But on the flip side, he will still have to swim through the morass of budgetary
constraints and government mandates that monopolize the nearly $12 billion
school budget. He will have to live with inhibiting labor contracts or finagle
his away around them. He will have to learn how to neutralize the back-channel
power of the unions in Albany and of politicians throughout the city.

In sum: impressive as his achievement is, Mr. Bloomberg has won an opportunity,
not a victory. Not yet.

"Control is an imaginary concept," said Seymour Fliegel, a former deputy
superintendent in East Harlem who is now the president of the Center for
Educational Innovation-Public Education Association. "How can he know what's
going on in the schools? But he can unite the city and the government behind the
idea of improving education."

There is a history of New York mayors setting their sights on a signal goal --
and reaching it. Rudolph W. Giuliani, refusing to accept the old saw that New
York City is ungovernable, set out to reduce crime, and with the help of trends
that were bringing down crime nationally, he did. Edward I. Koch put the power
of his office behind building housing for the poor, and did.

"I made everybody understand that housing was my No. 1 priority and now the new
mayor is conveying to everybody in the city that his No. 1 priority, on which
his administration is going to be judged, is improvements in the school system,"
Mr. Koch said yesterday. "I believe that the Board of Education will snap to it
and respond and that everybody else involved will, too, knowing the mayor had
put his reputation on the line."

Mr. Koch acknowledged, however, that the city's housing agency is no match in
size and complexity for the public school system. The schools have 1.1 million
students, many of them immigrants for whom English is a second language. There
are 1,100 schools, 80,000 teachers and a largely inflexible budget.

The chancellor, Harold O. Levy, contends that two-thirds of the budget is
committed to contractual obligations, court decisions and government mandates,
making it exceedingly difficult to absorb budget cuts.

There are contract rules that chancellors and principals find wasteful, if not
hurtful. Mr. Bloomberg has already said that he wants to modify a rule in the
current teachers' contract that frees teachers from patrolling school hallways
and cafeterias, and from running homerooms or working in special assignments.
Under the rule, called Circular Six, principals can make those assignments only
if 75 percent of the teachers' union members in any given school vote their
approval.

Mr. Bloomberg is a quick study, but even he may not fully comprehend the impact
of that and similar rules, which will now be part of his world.

"These problems are so institutionalized, people don't even realize they are a
problem anymore," said Howard Friedman, principal of the Manhattan Comprehensive
Night and Day High School. He recently described how he felt he had to
circumvent Circular Six so he could provide his students with a college adviser.

"I think principals have to be more, how shall I say, entrepreneurial; I have a
nonprofit," Mr. Friedman said. In other words, he persuaded a nonprofit agency
to pay for a college adviser rather than risk failing to get the 75 percent
vote. In a public school.

No mayor can change those kinds of problems overnight, as Mr. Bloomberg seemed
to be acknowledging two weeks ago on his weekly radio program. A change in how
schools are governed, he said, "doesn't mean the schools are going to get
better; it means you have one person who is accountable, and you have given the
mayor the opportunity to make a difference."

Mr. Spence predicts that the mayor will be able to make that difference if he
selects a chancellor with strong credentials, and if the union, the United
Federation of Teachers, decides not to block new initiatives.

Others are dubious, noting that the mayor will not control the work force
directly and has not articulated a vision for education, and though he got
pretty much what he sought from an often intransigent state legislature, has
little political experience.

Everybody does agree that the new system, if it turns out to be as described,
will make the mayor directly accountable for the schools for the first time in a
generation. "This eliminates many layers of excuses," said Randi Weingarten,
president of the teachers' union. And makes it inevitable that the Bloomberg
mayoralty will be judged by the performance of the schools that are now his
responsibility, as he asked them to be.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. George E. Pataki, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and Assembly
Speaker Sheldon Silver at a City Hall event unrelated to the school deal
yesterday. (Ting-Li Wang/The New York Times)(pg. B10)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            February 8, 2002 Friday

It's worse than insulting, 'Damage' a boring bomb

BYLINE: By Barry Caine STAFF WRITER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 550 words


AFTER seeing the real thing, the mock heroics in "Collateral Damage" look just
plain silly. Initially due for a launching late last year, the violent Arnold
Schwarzenegger film was pushed back by the Sept. 11 tragedy. Too bad this
stinker ever left the shelf. The movie features a terrorist bombing, America
under siege, comments eerily similar to remarks made by President Bush and
others following the World Trade Center attack -- and Schwarzenegger as a
vengeful firefighter. A sequence involving a planned mass bombing resurrects
some of the creepy feelings born in the Sept. 11 fallout. Mostly, though,
"Collateral Damage" is innocuous and uninteresting. Schwarzenegger plays Gordy
Brewer, a Los Angeles Fire Department captain who finagles his way to Colombia
to kill the terrorist who killed his family. Schwarzenegger's been better. So,
too, has director Andrew Davis, the creative force behind "The Fugitive."
Neither Davis nor his star puts much zing in the amorphous blob, which opens
today. The finale's not too bad, if you suck down enough caffeine to last that
long. Usually, Schwarzenegger films -- "Total Recall," "The 6th Day," the
"Terminator" duo, even "Eraser" -- offer a little style, a little wit, suspense
and originality. "Collateral Damage" offers a flat reworking of every
jungle-guerrilla movie you've ever seen, and with less clarity. Granted, the
poisonous-snake-down-the-throat torture scene provides a good rush. And Gordy's
Mike Tyson-ing a villain's ear brings a chuckle. There's also plenty of
gratuitous bang-bang and smash-bash. Otherwise, "Collateral Damage" proves to be
a surprisingly unpleasant experience. Shortly after demonstrating his heroism in
a burning building, Gordy witnesses his wife and child killed during a bombing
at an L.A. high-rise. They are considered "collateral damage," he learns from
U.S. government representatives who seem reluctant to pursue justice. Too tough
to grieve, Gordy broods a bit. Then he decides to go after the man responsible
for his loss, a Colombian rebel leader known as "The Wolf." Played by Cliff
Curtis of "Training Day" and "The Majestic," the terrorist never seems
particularly threatening, despite his penchant for pummeling at will. No one's
very likable in the story, except for Gordy's late wife and child, and they only
appear briefly. A Colombian woman named Selena [Francesca Neri] seems nice, but
she, too, gets limited screen time. Agent Brandt [Elias Koteas] of the CIA acts
like swine, and keeps you wondering about his allegiances. A cocaine
manufacturer played by John Leguizamo tries for levity, but he seems out of
place here. So does a seedy mechanic played by John Turturro, who gets less
screen time than Gordy's wife and child. Director Davis crafts one sharp
sequence involving a bus load of ordinary Colombians -- plus Gordy -- stopped at
a roadblock by volatile militia members. Then, except for one moderate surprise,
it's back to the same old, same old blend of the preposterous and the contrived.
Given the notoriety surrounding its release, and the similarities to real
events, "Collateral Damage" will probably always be a curiosity. That does not
mean it's worth your time or your money.

You can e-mail Barry Caine at bcaine@angnewspapers.com or call [925] 416-4806.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            February 8, 2002 Friday

It's worse than insulting, 'Damage' a boring bomb

BYLINE: By Barry Caine STAFF WRITER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 550 words


AFTER seeing the real thing, the mock heroics in "Collateral Damage" look just
plain silly. Initially due for a launching late last year, the violent Arnold
Schwarzenegger film was pushed back by the Sept. 11 tragedy. Too bad this
stinker ever left the shelf. The movie features a terrorist bombing, America
under siege, comments eerily similar to remarks made by President Bush and
others following the World Trade Center attack -- and Schwarzenegger as a
vengeful firefighter. A sequence involving a planned mass bombing resurrects
some of the creepy feelings born in the Sept. 11 fallout. Mostly, though,
"Collateral Damage" is innocuous and uninteresting. Schwarzenegger plays Gordy
Brewer, a Los Angeles Fire Department captain who finagles his way to Colombia
to kill the terrorist who killed his family. Schwarzenegger's been better. So,
too, has director Andrew Davis, the creative force behind "The Fugitive."
Neither Davis nor his star puts much zing in the amorphous blob, which opens
today. The finale's not too bad, if you suck down enough caffeine to last that
long. Usually, Schwarzenegger films -- "Total Recall," "The 6th Day," the
"Terminator" duo, even "Eraser" -- offer a little style, a little wit, suspense
and originality. "Collateral Damage" offers a flat reworking of every
jungle-guerrilla movie you've ever seen, and with less clarity. Granted, the
poisonous-snake-down-the-throat torture scene provides a good rush. And Gordy's
Mike Tyson-ing a villain's ear brings a chuckle. There's also plenty of
gratuitous bang-bang and smash-bash. Otherwise, "Collateral Damage" proves to be
a surprisingly unpleasant experience. Shortly after demonstrating his heroism in
a burning building, Gordy witnesses his wife and child killed during a bombing
at an L.A. high-rise. They are considered "collateral damage," he learns from
U.S. government representatives who seem reluctant to pursue justice. Too tough
to grieve, Gordy broods a bit. Then he decides to go after the man responsible
for his loss, a Colombian rebel leader known as "The Wolf." Played by Cliff
Curtis of "Training Day" and "The Majestic," the terrorist never seems
particularly threatening, despite his penchant for pummeling at will. No one's
very likable in the story, except for Gordy's late wife and child, and they only
appear briefly. A Colombian woman named Selena [Francesca Neri] seems nice, but
she, too, gets limited screen time. Agent Brandt [Elias Koteas] of the CIA acts
like swine, and keeps you wondering about his allegiances. A cocaine
manufacturer played by John Leguizamo tries for levity, but he seems out of
place here. So does a seedy mechanic played by John Turturro, who gets less
screen time than Gordy's wife and child. Director Davis crafts one sharp
sequence involving a bus load of ordinary Colombians -- plus Gordy -- stopped at
a roadblock by volatile militia members. Then, except for one moderate surprise,
it's back to the same old, same old blend of the preposterous and the contrived.
Given the notoriety surrounding its release, and the similarities to real
events, "Collateral Damage" will probably always be a curiosity. That does not
mean it's worth your time or your money.

You can e-mail Barry Caine at bcaine@angnewspapers.com or call [925] 416-4806.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 13, 2008 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

high schools: baseball state tournament;
2a quarterfinals;
Wild game goes Annadale's way

BYLINE: Jim Paulsen, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 313 words


- ANNANDALE 10, PIPESTONE 7: The Annandale Cardinals are definitely getting used
to this. They battled through the wildest game of the day at the state baseball
tournament, taking a big lead, letting it slip away an inning later, then
bouncing back with a five-run, two-out sixth-inning rally to advance to the
Class 2A semifinals in St. Cloud.

"We certainly have had a lot of wild ones," Cardinals coach Ron Starke said. "We
trailed 4-1 in the last inning of the subsection finals and came back to win.
It's a complement to these kids that they keep battling to the last out."

Annandale pitcher Bert Marsnik fought through a couple of rough stretches but
managed to finagle his way through a complete game, allowing 12 baserunners.
Marsnik also went 3-for-4 with a pair of doubles and two RBI.

"We always just seem to play these kinds of games," Marsnik said. "But we knew
when we got here that we would be playing good teams, so we never stop
fighting."

Thief River Falls, Cotter advance

- THIEF RIVER FALLS 3, ALBANY 2: The Prowlers' Spencer Johnson outdueled the
Huskies' Kurt Schlangen in a battle of Division I-bound pitchers. Johnson used
an above-average fastball and a pinpoint slider to keep Albany under wraps at
the Class 2A state baseball tournament. Johnson gave up only two hits and struck
out nine.

Thief River Falls (19-6) broke a 2-2 tie in the top of the sixth inning. Zach
Sorenson led off with a single, advanced to third on two sacrifice bunts and
scored on a wild pitch.

- WINONA COTTER 6, MORA 2: David Miller threw a two-hitter and had a double and
a home run as the Ramblers (18-10) won for the 13th time in 15 games. Cotter
shortstop Andy Wolf made two stellar plays in the field, second baseman Thomas
O'Brien went deep into the hole to robbed a Mora player of a hit, and first
baseman Kris Murphy smothered two difficult grounders in the final two innings.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                               May 6, 2007 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Employers resist saying, "Buzz off.";
Boomers hovering over hiring of kids

BYLINE: By Kathy Boccella; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1003 words


Just like the U.S. Army, corporate America is employing a new tool to recruit
the best and the brightest: Mom and Dad.

After decades micromanaging virtually every aspect of their children's lives,
baby boomers aren't backing off.

With their kids out of college, companies say, parents are now meddling in the
workplace, trying to negotiate salaries or finagle second chances for rejected
sons and daughters with bruised self-esteem.

"We were [planning] a phone screen with one candidate, and the parent came in to
give us a picture of her child so we would know who we were talking to," said
Karen Fox of the Vanguard Group in Malvern.

So many anxious mothers and fathers have called (and visited) that last fall the
financial services company began sending letters to the parents of recruits,
announcing that an offer had been made and touting the company's virtues as an
employer.

The tactic - similar to Army TV ads designed to involve parents whose children
want to enlist - has increased the percentage of college students who accept
Vanguard offers, Fox said, and decreased annoying phone calls.

"You can't swat them down," Fox said of the hyperinvolved career advisers. "So
you might as well embrace them."

Other companies have come to the same conclusion. Reaching out to so-called
helicopter parents to woo their talented progeny, firms advertise on the family
sections of college Web sites. They invite parents to attend recruiting events,
and prepare special information packets for them.

Boomers have gone to bat for their little ones ever since those first shaky days
on the soccer field. Now that so much is at stake - a career, a 401(k), a
future! - their input is a given.

Past generations might have cringed if Mom or Dad contacted a potential
employer. Millennials, as today's young 20s are known, seem to appreciate it.

Matthew Cavoto, 25, didn't mind when his mother called Jacobs Music to inquire
about job openings after he graduated from Moravian College.

"There's no reason to be upset with someone trying to help you," said Cavoto, of
Bethlehem, Pa., who majored in piano performance. He got the job, but now works
for T-Mobile.

His mother, he said, "always looked out for me."

Now Claire Cavoto, who lives in West Norriton, has a daughter graduating from
Immaculata College. She'll get the same benefits.

Today, "kids are more needy. They just seem to have a harder time figuring out
all these life skills," said Claire Cavoto, a music therapist. After she
graduated from Temple University, she recalled, her parents' attitude was, "Go
out and get a job."

Her daughter Carina, who expects to become an elementary school teacher, said
she valued her mother's and father's advice. She has asked for her mother's help
with term papers, and phones her every night at 11. When it's time to get a job,
she knows her mother will go online and ask friends for leads.

Beyond that, Carina, 21, draws the line.

"If I was going to buy a car, I'd take my dad. As far as a job interview, I'll
go by myself," she said.

College career counselors say students more than tolerate parental involvement.

"They consult their parents at every step," said Nancy Dudak, director of career
services at Villanova University. "If they get a job offer, they say, 'I want to
talk it over with my parents first.' "

It can get out of hand, said Michael Ellis, former director of career and life
education at Delaware Valley College in Doylestown. "Parents are constantly
calling and acting like they were taking care of an adolescent when it's an
adult of 18, 19, 20 years old," he said.

One father went to a Delaware Valley career fair with his daughter's resume and
introduced her to employers as if he were her agent, Ellis said.

Some see such intense involvement as a sign that families are close and that
children respect their parents' advice. But when young graduates lack
opportunities to learn resilience, it becomes a problem, said Penny Rue, dean of
students at the University of Virginia, who has studied generations at work.

In a Michigan State University survey of 725 employers, 23 percent said they had
encountered parents "sometimes" or "very often" during recruitment, usually in a
benign information-gathering role. Big companies saw them most often, according
to the survey.

Companies are adjusting to the three-way negotiation. PNC Financial Services
welcomes parents to an event for college interns so they can meet company
executives. Merrill Lynch & Co. invites parents of new hires to visit its
offices.

Ernst & Young L.L.P. just started to distribute parent packets to students
during career sessions. It also hands out a computer memory stick containing
company information it encourages students to e-mail home.

The Vanguard letters were originally intended for Mom and Dad, said Fox, the
company's manager of colleges and recruiting. But young people can have them
mailed to anyone, such as a professor or a grandparent. Sixty-one percent opt to
send the letter, which is unsigned so parents can't pick up the phone.

"One new hire said, 'Please send the letter to my mom. She'll frame it,' " Fox
said.

The General Electric Co. is hoping that parents familiar with its products will
encourage their children to work there, said Steve Canale, manager of
recruitment and staffing, in Fairfield, Conn. GE has begun running catchy ads,
with lines like "Let us take your son or daughter off your payroll and put them
on ours," in campus newspapers and on schools' parent Web pages.

But boomers who do too much hand-holding can hurt their child's chances, because
employers want "an independent person, someone autonomous," Fox cautioned.

Fortunately for a new hire at General Electric, whose parent called to argue for
more pay, personnel directors can sense when Mom or Dad is off the leash. The
company didn't negotiate, but it didn't rescind the job offer, either.

"We not going to hold it against someone if they have a crazy parent," Canale
said.

Contact staff writer Kathy Boccella at 610-313-8123 or kboccella@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 24, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Md. Father's Mission: A Tree for Every Troop

SECTION: A Section; A10

LENGTH: 586 words


It's not easy to ship a Christmas tree to Iraq.

Jim Ward knows. In an elaborate and admittedly eccentric campaign dubbed
Operation Christmas Tree, he managed to get 75 live conifers to homesick troops
in Iraq and Afghanistan this winter. Now his effort is snowballing into a
massive national drive to ensure that each of the 150,000 U.S. troops in the two
war zones receives a tree next holiday season.

"These soldiers are risking their lives over there and can't even spend
Christmas with their families," said Ward, 33, a truck driver from Westminster,
Md., who delivers trees for a nursery. "Don't they at least deserve a Christmas
tree to remind them of home while they're stuck there?"

Ward's Christmas tree  effort started with one soldier: his stepdaughter, Army
Spc. Luisa Gonzalez, a 22-year-old medic who was deployed two months ago to a
base north of Baghdad. When he thought of her alone on Christmas in
battle-scarred Iraq, he decided that the best way to  give her some holiday
cheer was to finagle a Christmas tree there.

But how do you get a 5-foot-tall, 70-pound tree into a war zone?

Ward despaired. The U.S. Postal Service couldn't guarantee its safe delivery,
and no one could think of another way to get a tree that big to the Middle East.

"Then one day I'm eating dinner, and  it just dawned on me, and I was like,
'Whoa!' " he recalled. " 'The answer is Charlie Browns!' "

Charlie Browns, 2-foot-high trees named after the classic Christmas cartoon
special in which one was featured, were small enough to be easily shipped inside
a box. And at just $7.98 each, the trees were inexpensive enough that Ward could
send them to dozens of other Americans fighting overseas.

He ended up shipping 35 trees to his daughter's company and the rest to Marines
from Fort Detrick in Frederick and his brother-in-law's unit in Afghanistan. "It
just kept bothering me that my daughter was going to get one and other people
there weren't," Ward said.

The live potted conifers arrived in a box emblazoned with the logo Operation
Christmas Tree, along with battery-operated lights  --  for the soldier without
access to electrical outlets  --  and sparkly ornaments.

"Everyone was just in shock. Here we are in the middle of Iraq, and suddenly it
smells like Christmas," recalled Gonzalez, who joined the Army to pay for school
and intends to become a doctor. "And nobody could believe that the trees were
actually alive. Eventually I had to say, 'Please take them out of the box and
water them or they'll die!' "

A half-dozen letters of thanks have arrived at the Ward home. "Your care for my
soldiers is greatly appreciated," wrote Capt. Bryan Hunsaker, Gonzalez's company
commander. "Your kindness provided a piece of home to our young men and women
who could not be with their families this year because of their commitment to
fight the war on terrorism."

Ward has set up a Web site, www.operationchristmastree.com, to raise  money to
send trees to every  member of the military in Iraq and Afghanistan next year.
He spent almost $600 this winter (which was matched by the District-based Armed
Forces Foundation), but the expanded operation will cost tens of thousands more.

But Gonzalez is convinced fate is smiling on the drive: Gonzalez was randomly
assigned a two-week leave that just happens to include Dec. 25.

Maybe it's karma. Or perhaps a Christmas miracle.

"Whatever it is," Ward said, "having my daughter home is the best Christmas
present I could ask for."

--  Amit R. Paley

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 24, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Trees for All the Troops;
Md. Man's Medic Daughter Inspires His Holiday Mission

BYLINE: Amit R. Paley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 579 words


It's not easy to ship a Christmas tree to Iraq.

Jim Ward knows. In an elaborate and admittedly eccentric campaign dubbed
Operation Christmas Tree, he managed to get 75 live conifers to homesick troops
in Iraq and Afghanistan this winter. Now his effort is snowballing into a
massive national drive to ensure that each of the 150,000 U.S. troops in the two
war zones receives a tree next holiday season.

"These soldiers are risking their lives over there and can't even spend
Christmas with their families," said Ward, 33, a truck driver from Westminster,
Md., who delivers trees for a nursery. "Don't they at least deserve a Christmas
tree to remind them of home while they're stuck there?"

Ward's Christmas tree effort started with one soldier: his daughter, Army Spec.
Luisa Gonzalez, a 22-year-old medic who was deployed two months ago to a base
north of Baghdad. When he thought of her alone on Christmas in battle-scarred
Iraq, he decided that the best way to give her some holiday cheer was to finagle
a Christmas tree there.

But how do you get a 5-foot-tall, 70-pound tree into a war zone?

Ward despaired. The U.S. Postal Service couldn't guarantee its safe delivery,
and no one could think of another way to get a tree that big to the Middle East.

"Then one day I'm eating dinner, and it just dawned on me, and I was like,
'Whoa!' " he recalled. " 'The answer is Charlie Browns!' "

Charlie Browns, 2-foot-high trees named after the classic Christmas cartoon
special in which one was featured, were small enough to be easily shipped inside
a box. And at just $7.98 each, the trees were inexpensive enough that Ward could
send them to dozens of other Americans fighting overseas.

He ended up shipping 35 trees to his daughter's company and the rest to Marines
from Fort Detrick in Frederick and his brother-in-law's unit in Afghanistan. "It
just kept bothering me that my daughter was going to get one and other people
there weren't," Ward said.

The live potted conifers arrived in a box emblazoned with the logo Operation
Christmas Tree, along with battery-operated lights  --  for the soldier without
access to electricity  --  and sparkly ornaments.

"Everyone was just in shock. Here we are in the middle of Iraq, and suddenly it
smells like Christmas," recalled Gonzalez, who joined the Army to pay for school
and wants to be a doctor. "And nobody could believe that the trees were actually
alive. Eventually I had to say, 'Please take them out of the box and water them
or they'll die!' "

A half-dozen letters of thanks have arrived at the Ward home. "Your care for my
soldiers is greatly appreciated," wrote Capt. Bryan Hunsaker, Gonzalez's company
commander. "Your kindness provided a piece of home to our young men and women
who could not be with their families this year because of their commitment to
fight the war on terrorism."

Ward has set up a Web site, www.operationchristmastree.com, to raise money to
send trees to every member of the military in Iraq and Afghanistan next year. He
spent almost $600 this winter (which was matched by the District-based Armed
Forces Foundation), but the expanded operation will cost tens of thousands more.

But Gonzalez is convinced fate is smiling on the drive: Gonzalez was randomly
assigned a two-week leave that just happens to include Dec. 25.

Maybe it's karma. Or perhaps a Christmas miracle.

"Whatever it is," Ward said, "having my daughter home is the best Christmas
present I could ask for."

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 3, 1996, Wednesday

Bachelor finds he's eligible for attention

BYLINE: LISA PELAMATI

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 849 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



Of the hundreds of single women who have called, written and E-mailed J.
Michael Pinson in the past two weeks, there is one who definitely won't hear
back.

The saucy brunet sent a card with an air-brushed woman in a provocative  pose
not even a double-jointed contortionist could finagle. She also sent a  photo of
herself in a black teddy.

"That's not quite what I had in mind," Pinson said. "I'm looking for  someone
with a little class."

Pinson can afford to be choosy.

The 33-year-old financial analyst is Cosmopolitan magazine's bachelor of  the
month for April.

Since the April issue hit the stands in mid-March, the 6-foot-6, 216-pound
Clearwater resident has been bombarded with responses.

"The phone hasn't stopped ringing," he said. He describes the calls as,  "some
interesting, some quite frightening."

The memory on his computer is also filling up. Pinson is the first bachelor  of
the month to include an electronic address. He's averaging 60 E-mail  messages
from women on the Internet each day.  "The nice thing about E-mail is that the
women have an education, and it's a  lot easier for me to respond
electronically," he said.

Some descriptions of the women who have sent E-mail: a 5-foot-10, slim,
extremely athletic, former model attending medical school; a 25-year-old
student at the University of New Mexico; a woman pursuing her master's degree
at Montclair (N.J.) State University who works as a private health-care
consultant; a television reporter from Tennessee; a 30-year-old, 5-foot-11,
122-pound nurse from Texas with brown hair and blue eyes.

Pinson also has received about 35 letters, most perfumed, and a half-dozen
long-stemmed pink roses (from the nurse he corresponded with on the Internet).

Like any experienced businessman, he has created a form letter to help  keep up
with the demand.

"We have a very responsive readership," said Cosmopolitan photography  editor
Larry Mitchell, who selects the bachelors of the month. "Some of these  guys get
5,000 letters."

Mitchell said the magazine's U.S. edition has a 2.5-million circulation,  but
each magazine is passed on to up to six other people. The magazine has run  the
bachelor of the month feature 27 years and receives about 300 letters each
month from men wanting to be featured or from their friends.

"People recommend bosses, friends, some girls refer ex-boyfriends, their
butcher," Mitchell said. "We consider the picture sent in, what the letter
says, where they're from and if they're well-educated and solvent. We thought
(Pinson) was very good-looking and he seemed very successful."

Mitchell said he knows of two marriages that came out of the feature.

Pinson said many of the women who have responded have asked him why he  placed
the ad. He didn't. The photograph and letter were sent without his  knowledge to
the magazine in September by married co-worker Kimberly  LLewellyn.

"I felt as though Michael spent too many hours in the office and I needed  to
get him out. The vital statistics are there. He's eligible, he has a strong
work ethic and when he dates he treats the woman very well," she said.
"Needless to say, he has been very distracted in the office."

Pinson, or "Cosmo Man" as his friends now call him, is a St. Petersburg  native
and 1980 graduate of Lakewood High School.

He said getting attention from the opposite sex wasn't always this easy.

"In high school I was a real geek - tall and lanky," he said. "I was  certainly
not one of the popular guys, so to be in Cosmo . . . I'm completely  flattered.
I'm just a normal guy."

Pinson founded Pinson and Associates 10 years ago after graduating from  Trenton
State College in New Jersey. He serves as chairman and has six  employees in his
company, which does financial research for companies. He also  is writing a book
on Wall Street and investing that is expected to be released  this fall.

For the past decade, Pinson has focused on his career. He has been quoted  in
Business Week and the Wall Street Journal, appeared on CNBC six to seven  times
a year and lectured across the country.

But a little more than a year ago he had what he calls a "rude  awakening." Just
31, he had a minor stroke brought on by the stress of his  job and the end of
his six-year marriage.

Although he suffers no physical effects from the stroke, it has changed his
outlook.

"That situation turned my head 180 degrees about what life is all about,"
Pinson said. "It makes one think what's really important in life, the
definition of real success - happiness and family. Career is down a few
notches."

Now he's looking to start a family.

"I really hate barhopping," Pinson said. "I'm looking to settle down  quickly,
but I'm not looking to jump into marriage."

He said he hopes to find a woman who is "somewhat of an extrovert, an  educated
woman who knows what she wants and takes good physical care of  herself." But,
he added, "to be honest, I'll be happy to have one relaxing,  romantic date from
all of this."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Cosmopolitan magazine; Michael Pinson's Bachelor of the
Month profile in Cosmopolitan magazine.

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 1, 1996, Monday

Bachelor finds he's eligible for attention

BYLINE: LISA PELAMATI

SECTION: SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 862 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



Of the hundreds of single women who have called, written and E-mailed J.
Michael Pinson in the past two weeks, there is one who definitely won't hear
back.

The saucy brunet sent a card with an air-brushed woman in a provocative  pose
not even a double-jointed contortionist could finagle. She also sent a  photo of
herself in a black teddy.

"That's not quite what I had in mind," Pinson said. "I'm looking for  someone
with a little class."

Pinson can afford to be choosy.

The 33-year-old financial analyst is Cosmopolitan magazine's bachelor of  the
month for April.

Since the April issue hit the stands in mid-March, the 6-foot-6, 216-pound
Clearwater resident has been bombarded with responses.

"The phone hasn't stopped ringing," he said. He describes the calls as,  "some
interesting, some quite frightening."

The memory on his computer is also filling up. Pinson is the first bachelor  of
the month to include an electronic address. He's averaging 60 E-mail  messages
from women on the Internet each day.

It's a development he finds convenient. "The nice thing about E-mail is  that
the women have an education, and it's a lot easier for me to respond
electronically," he said.

Some descriptions of the women who have sent E-mail: a 5-foot-10, slim,
extremely athletic, former model attending medical school; a 25-year-old
student at the University of New Mexico; a woman pursuing her master's degree
at Montclair (N.J.) State University who works as a private health-care
consultant; a television reporter from Tennessee; a 30-year-old, 5-foot-11,
122-pound nurse from Texas with brown hair and blue eyes.

Pinson also has received about 35 letters, most perfumed, and a half-dozen
long-stemmed pink roses (from the nurse he corresponded with on the Internet).

Like any experienced businessman, he has created a form letter to help  keep up
with the demand.

"We have a very responsive readership," said Cosmopolitan photography  editor
Larry Mitchell, who selects the bachelors of the month. "Some of these  guys get
5,000 letters."

Mitchell said the magazine's U.S. edition has a 2.5-million circulation,  but
each magazine is passed on to up to six other people. The magazine has run  the
bachelor of the month feature 27 years and receives about 300 letters each
month from men wanting to be featured or from friends of the men.

"People recommend bosses, friends, some girls refer ex-boyfriends, their
butcher," Mitchell said. "We consider the picture sent in, what the letter
says, where they're from and if they're well-educated and solvent. We thought
(Pinson) was very good-looking and he seemed very successful."

Mitchell said he knows of two marriages that have come through the bachelor  of
the month feature.

Pinson said many of the women who have responded have asked him why he  placed
the ad. He didn't. The photograph and letter were sent without his  knowledge to
the magazine in September by married co-worker Kimberly  LLewellyn.

"I felt as though Michael spent too many hours in the office and I needed  to
get him out. The vital statistics are there. He's eligible, he has a strong
work ethic and when he dates he treats the woman very well," Llewellyn said.
"Needless to say, he has been very distracted in the office."

Pinson, or "Cosmo Man" as his friends now call him, is a St. Petersburg  native
and 1980 graduate of Lakewood High School.

He said getting attention from the opposite sex wasn't always this easy.

"In high school I was a real geek - tall and lanky," he said. "I was  certainly
not one of the popular guys, so to be in Cosmo . . . I'm completely  flattered.
I'm just a normal guy."

Pinson founded Pinson and Associates 10 years ago after graduating from  Trenton
State College in New Jersey. He serves as chairman and has six  employees in his
company, which does financial research for companies. He also  is writing a book
on Wall Street and investing that is expected to be released  this fall.

For the past decade, Pinson has focused on his career. He has been quoted  in
Business Week and the Wall Street Journal, appeared on CNBC six to seven  times
a year and lectured across the country.

But a little more than a year ago he had what he calls a "rude  awakening." Just
31, he had a minor stroke brought on by the stress of his  job and the end of
his six-year marriage.

Although he suffers no physical effects from the stroke, it has changed his
outlook.

"That situation turned my head 180 degrees about what life is all about,"
Pinson said. "It makes one think what's really important in life, the
definition of real success - happiness and family. Career is down a few
notches."

Now he's looking to start a family.

"I really hate barhopping," Pinson said. "I'm looking to settle down  quickly,
but I'm not looking to jump into marriage."

He said he hopes to find a woman who is "somewhat of an extrovert, an  educated
woman who knows what she wants and takes good physical care of  herself." But,
he added, "to be honest, I'll be happy to have one relaxing,  romantic date from
all of this."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: SEMINOLE TIMES; LARGO TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CLEARWATER
TIMES; CITY & STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, ROBIN DONINA SERNE; COLOR PHOTO, Cosmpolitan magazine;
BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Cosmopolitan magazine.; Michael Pinson (ran SE, LA, CT);
Michael Pinson's Bachelor of the Month profile in Cosmopolitan magazine (ran
NT); Michael Pinson's Bachelor of the Month profile in Cosmopolitan magazine
(ran CITY & STATE CT)

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 24, 1985, Monday, Final Edition

Montgomery's Planning Chief Thrives on Controversy

BYLINE: By R.H. Melton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 1518 words


For more than two decades, Norman Lee Christeller has been in the thick of
land-use debates that have made and broken the careers of more Montgomery County
politicians than he cares to count.

In the mid-1960s, when open housing was little more than an ideal debated in
county living rooms, Christeller, a liberal church activist, helped finagle
federal money to rebuild a poor black community on the outskirts of Potomac. In
1976, as County Council president involved in an otherwise routine road project,
he was the victim of a telephone threat after the caller had sown his driveway
with about 200 roofing tacks.

The times are no less demanding today on Christeller, 62, who, as chairman of
the county's planning board, holds virtual veto power over projects as grand as
multimillion-dollar, high-techonology centers and as pedestrian as what color
brick to use in a sidewalk.

In one sense, these are glory days for Christeller. His political patrons on the
County Council are poised to reappoint him within three weeks to the planning
post, renewing his four-year lease on a pulpit that is second in prominence only
to that of his frequent rival, County Executive Charles W. Gilchrist. On
Tuesday, they plan to give him a $10,000 raise, bringing his annual salary to
$74,000.

But this also is a grim season, largely because of a mounting chorus of
criticism against the planning system that Christeller controls and a new
effort, led by Gilchrist, to strip Christeller's office of its cherished
prerogatives in managing development.

Civic leaders, developers and politicians -- many of them longtime foes of
Christeller -- are throwing common complaints at his doorstep: roads are
impassable during rush hour, the children's education is being hampered by
overcrowded schools and the quality of life that gives Montgomery bragging
rights over other parts of the country is deteriorating.

"It's not so much a feeling of outrage as it is resignation," said Marilyn
Piety, a Silver Spring civic leader who advocates stricter controls on growth
than Christeller. She opposed his appointment to the planning board in 1981 and
does so again this year.

"You have to give Christeller his due: He has power," Piety said. "He uses it
graciously when he can and blatantly when he has to. But we don't understand
each other. We don't come together."

Christeller draws his power from three sources: an unusually close relationship
with the four-member majority of the County Council; the planning board's legal
authority to approve subdivision, site and master development plans, and his own
skill as an advocate.

"Much of what we do is based on the power of persuasion, convincing people of
the validity of our position," Christeller said. "I have a fair amount of
influence on the people who wanted me to be chairman of the planning board."

Indeed, as a longtime Democrat who was a contributor and adviser to the
political campaigns of members Esther P. Gelman, Michael L. Gudis, William E.
Hanna Jr. and David L. Scull, Christeller has an entree to the council enjoyed
by no other local official.

"If he didn't have those consistent four votes, Christeller couldn't be
Christeller," Piety said. "Why should we start a controversy, when the votes are
there to support him?"

To be fair, Piety's lament is an old one in Montgomery, a county of 600,000
where public debate over land use and zoning may as well be the unofficial
religion. Nor is Christeller entirely to blame; some of today's problems --
highway congestion and crowded classrooms -- have their roots in decisions made
15 years ago and in demographic trends no official can control.

Nonetheless, a growing number of people want to hold Christeller accountable for
the sins of the past and the perceived errors of the present. He is caught
between private builders, who have been told to provide roads and other "public"
services in order to get their housing developments approved, and homeowners who
want him to curb the expansion that has made Montgomery one of the
fastest-growing jurisdictions in the region.

For the most part, Christeller's thinking on development has been guided by a
philosophy of "wedges and corridors," planned growth on north-south spines such
as I-270, Rte. 29 and Metro subway routes that are separated by wide swatches of
green space. Despite such plans, Christeller now finds himself trying to put out
the brush fires of overdevelopment, the natural result of Montgomery County's
maturing from a rural suburb to a slice of megalopolis.

"We're never going back to the good old days, in terms of traffic," Christeller
said in a recent interview. "We're much more urbanized. We're going to live with
a certain amount of congestion. As for schools, the important thing is . . . not
to make the mistakes we made in Silver Spring and Bethesda and overbuild the new
ones."

The hot seat of planning board chairman is a perfectly comfortable place for
Christeller, an overweight, bearded lawyer with a notoriously short temper and
an ego about the size of his spacious corner office in Silver Spring.

He can sputter with rage at a crowd of several hundred people or gently stroke
the fragile egos of local politicians. He is a walking encyclopedia of
Montgomery history. When telling a particularly juicy story, he is apt to
punctuate it with salty language and traces of his native West Virginia twang.

The public may be divided over Christeller, but one thing is certain. With
Christeller at the helm, the planning board has become a third branch of
government, on equal and sometimes better footing than either Gilchrist or the
council.

"The executive has been emasculated by Norman," said John J. Delaney, a founding
partner of Linowes & Blocher, the premier land-use law firm in the county.
Delaney, who has known Christeller for 10 years, added: "Norman has a greater
share of the regulatory pie."

The debate in 1983-84 over a proposed Inter-County Connector highway between
Montgomery and Prince George's showed how Christeller worked with his council
allies against Gilchrist, who favored a far less ambitious east-west road.

In November 1983, when Gilchrist held a news conference in Rockville to announce
his alternative, Christeller showed up, listened to the executive and promptly
derided the proposal to a reporter as "a disaster, like putting a Band-Aid on a
broken leg."

Christeller staunchly defended the $250 million connecting highway as one way to
ease congestion on the Capital Beltway and quickly marshaled enough votes on the
council to endorse the more ambitious project, which the council did five days
later by a vote of 4 to 0.

The debate ended inconclusively last October when state and county officials
agreed to construction of part of the Inter-County Connecter. Christeller still
criticizes Gilchrist's handling of the controversy.

"Charlie took the lead in opposing something that had been on the boards 25, 30
years, because one of his staff members said there are a lot of citizens out
there who don't like it," Christeller said. "I would have built some of the
roads before the citizen opposition developed."

A large part of Christeller's job is trying to manage the increasing pressure to
exploit those large chunks of open space that are outside the bounds of a
developed corridor. Christeller, like Gilchrist, was instrumental in approving a
plan to construct more than 800 homes and a championship golf course on the
1,000-acre Avenel tract in Potomac. Nearby residents filed suit in Montgomery
County Circuit Court to block the project; a decision in the case is expected
within days.

Residents elsewhere in the county repeatedly have challenged projects endorsed
by Christeller and the planning board, turning out to oppose the board's support
for a proposed quarry in Boyds, the conversion of neighborhood schools to
apartments and the intense development slated for the area west of Rockville and
Gaithersburg.

In Silver Spring, whose depressed downtown core Christeller envisions as a hub
of medium-priced shops and specialty stores, residents attacked the planning
board for not supporting their five-year effort to save the Falkland Apartments
from redevelopment.

There again, Christeller served the council by absorbing the complaints until
council members voted earlier this month to clear the way for the Falkland
redevelopment.

Such back yard controversies may pale beside Gilchrist's avowed attempt to
return to the county executive's office the power to appoint the planning board,
prepare the master plan and veto any zoning maps approved by the County Council.
If Gilchrist is able to push those changes through the General Assembly, or
amend the county charter, he would all but destroy a council-planning board
marriage that has lasted 13 years.

"It's like the swallows returning to Capistrano," said Christeller, who was a
planning board member in 1972 when council Democrats stripped Republican County
Executive James P. Gleason of key planning controls. "You stick around long
enough in Montgomery County and history repeats itself."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Norman Lee Christeller . . . reappointment seen assured.

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Former newsman David Blow gathers 25 years of interviews, voices into book

BYLINE: Meg Hagerty, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 840 words


Oct. 31--David Blow hunched over a table, eagerly scanning the grid-like photos
on the cover of his new book, "Blow By Blow: A Quarter-Century of Voices from My
Notebook." Each picture was scarcely an inch square, but each individual and
back story loomed large in the mind of the former Post-Star reporter and editor.

"This lady was great," he grinned, tapping the glossy front. "Her husband called
me 'Sketchy' (and) wanted me to give ID because he thought I was a little
sketchy looking. I was just going to do a campground Q&A (question and answer
column)."

With the aid of two Castleton State College students -- Ryan Ackerman, who
designed the cover and back jacket, and Bryanna Allen-Rickstad -- Blow combed
the archives to include what he felt were his better stories, columns and Q&As
from almost 25 years as a newspaperman.

From basketball standout Jimmer Fredette to roofers, orthodontists and cashiers,
each left an imprint.

"I've been around (the local area) since 1990. I've written a lot of stuff; I've
interviewed thousands of people over the years, and I hope that most would say
they walked away from it with a positive feeling, that they enjoyed talking to
me," Blow said.

He chose "shock value" pieces -- interviews with Robert Redford, Jerry Springer,
Ted Turner and a New York City cop-turned-Playboy model. There's the poignant
tale of trying to finagle a gift for a dying friend -- a baseball signed by his
favorite New York Yankees team -- and the bittersweet memory of his
mother-in-law's last Thanksgiving.

Some stories, such as one in which Blow accidentally lopped off part of his
father's pinky finger while chopping wood, are tough for him to read even now.

"To disfigure your dad, and literally, every time I shake his hand, that's what
I see. It really sucked," he said.

The book also details Blow's jump in 2005 from assistant city editor to
associate professor of communication at Castleton State College.

You can't be in his company long before you sense the passion Blow has for
journalism. He described himself as the energetic Post-Star employee who was "in
your face, hopefully in a coaching way."

"That's probably what made him a great reporter, and I think it made him a
really great editor, as well," said Ken Tingley, managing editor of The
Post-Star. "He could sell a reporter probably on a sewer story that it was the
most exciting thing in the world. He gets excited. He gets pumped up. He could
always see the story and then even the picture."

A few of Blow's stories inspired others to work for the betterment of area
youths.

In 1999, he detailed the plight of homeless children in the community with an
in-depth piece called "When the party is over." Four years later, Wait House, a
teen homeless shelter for 16- to 18-year-olds, was built on Wait Street in Glens
Falls. In a postscript, Blow said in almost 10 years, more than 1,000 homeless
youths have found respite at the shelter, and a second building next door was
opened three years ago for pregnant and parenting teens.

Blow also wrote a handful of stories about Matt and Bob Congdon, brothers who
give selflessly to the Glens Falls Area Youth Center, which is a drop-in
facility for disadvantaged kids. He is donating $1 from the sale of each book to
the center.

Matt believes, if not for Blow's reporting, the center would not have found its
expanded home on Montcalm Street.

"You cannot beat having good press. He doesn't ever take credit for it, but I
always tell him he was so influential in this happening because then everything
fit together," Matt Congdon said.

These days, Blow still "plays newspaper guy" by continuing his Q&A column and
writing a ski journal for The Post-Star as a freelancer. He also imparts his
love of storytelling to his students at Castleton State College, his alma mater,
and serves as advisor to the school's newspaper, the Castleton Spartan.

In one of the most interesting stories in the book, Blow's student Eva Kane
Leenman conducted an interview with freshman Mariah Phillips, whose father,
Richard, was taken hostage by Somali pirates aboard the U.S. ship Maersk Alabama
in April 2009.

Blow said the Spartan was the first publication to report the story, which went
on to be picked up nationally.

Now, of course, Tom Hanks is portraying the ship's captain in the harrowing
story of the hijacking in "Captain Phillips," which is now playing in theaters
across the country.

Castleton president Dave Wolk, who hired Blow, said the enthusiasm he brings to
the classroom has sparked a "tremendous" increase in students taking
communication courses.

"He's the pied piper," Wolk said. "I've seen him flourish as an educator, as a
role model, as a guide, and frankly, as a surrogate parent to so many students.
In every role, he gets an A plus from me."

Blow dedicated his book to his former professor, Terry Dalton, who made a
similar career switch from journalism to teaching.

___ (c)2013 The Post Star (Glens Falls, N.Y.) Visit The Post Star (Glens Falls,
N.Y.) at www.poststar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131031-GN-Former-newsman-David-Blow-gathers-25-years-of-interviews-voices-into
-book-20131031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2013 The Post-Star


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 2, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

THRILLING TRAVELOGUE;
UW COUPLE PEN BRISK AND BRAINY WHODUNIT SET IN FRANCE

BYLINE: Stephanie Bedford

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; BOOKS OF THE TIMES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1121 words


Betsy Draine and Michael Hinden, authors of the new mystery "Murder in Lascaux"
(University of Wisconsin Press) are the kind of people whose lives and
accomplishments can provoke only one possible response: pea-green envy. Draine
and Hinden, professors emeriti in English at the University of
Wisconsin-Madison, celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary this fall at nearly
the same time as the publication of their first joint work of fiction, a
literate whodunit set in the Dordogne region of France where they spent their
summers for two decades.

The book is worth reading not only for its unusual combination of classic
murder-mystery appeal and truly unique, evocative setting, but because it
represents an unusual feat of harmonious domestic co-authorship that makes use
of a husband and wife's complementary writing skills.

The couple met through a bit of fortuitous office placement. When Draine was a
newly hired associate professor, Hinden had just received tenure. "He knocked on
my door and offered me some paper clips," says Draine, "and that was it."

Draine specialized in novels, Hinden in modern British and American drama,
teaching art and literature through UW's Integrated Liberal Studies program.

The memory of a collegiate hitchhiking trip to the Dordogne region of France
prompted Hinden to escort Draine there on vacation in 1983, a trip that would be
the first of many. The couple ended up purchasing a second home there, an
adventure that serves as the subject of their joint memoir, "A Castle in the
Backyard: The Dream of a House in France," published by the UW Press in 2002. A
visit to the famed cave paintings in Lascaux on that first 1983 trip planted the
seed for what would later become "Murder in Lascaux."

"Murder" features a pair of married sleuths, Toby and Nora Barnes, who finagle
their way into a Lascaux tour in much the same way as Draine and Hinden did: by
fudging the specifics of their academic research in order to become one of the
five selected daily visitors permitted to view the prehistoric art within the
cave, which has been closed to the general public since 1963. Draine and
Hinden's visit resulted in a bona fide academic article and, as Hinden describes
it, "one of the most unforgettable experiences we've ever had."

"I remember the guy shut off the lights and then turned them on all at once, and
there we were surrounded by these pictures," says Hinden. But for the fictitious
Barneses, that brief moment of darkness provides cover for a shocking murder.
It's a classic setup: a killing in an enclosed space with a limited number of
suspects, or so it would seem. The endearingly nosy Toby and Nora make credible
amateur sleuths, investigating their fellow suspects with the same curiosity as
they bring to their antique-hunting (him) and art history research (her).

The result is a brisk, brainy read that's equal parts travelogue and thriller,
set in a chateau that houses a few mysteries of its own. The art history
research that provides the impetus for the Barnes' trip also furnishes a
parallel plot through the diaries of Jenny Marie Cazelle, the painter whose
words and images provide a window into late-19th and early-20th century France.
This aspect of "Murder" was inspired by the authors' purchase of a small, lovely
impressionist painting that now hangs in their Madison abode.

Without stinting on plot, Draine and Hinden bring to bear their deep knowledge
of and love for the Dordogne, weaving the art, food, traditions and history of
the region into their writing. Draine describes "the four c's that were always
part of our experience there: caves, castles, cooking and the Cathars." This
last is a medieval sect that figures in "Murder's" plot.

That the book feels like the seamless work of a single author is no coincidence;
readers of Draine and Hinden's first mystery will be both entertained and
educated by what is clearly a shared passion for the Dordogne and its
considerable charms.

Mysterious history

Wisconsin seems to be a hotbed of mystery-writing this fall. Middleton resident
Kathleen Ernst spent 12 years as a curator at Old World Wisconsin's Living
History Museum. She's used her wealth of material to pen a mystery, "The
Heirloom Murders" (Midnight Ink), set at Old World Wisconsin and featuring a
wealth of local color and lore woven into the plot. Plucky collections curator
Chloe Ellefson returns for a second outing as the heroine of "Heirloom"; she
first appeared in Ernst's debut mystery, last year's "Old World Murder." Ernst
has a resume filled with writing that combines history and narrative, including
some of the books in the American Girl series targeted at a younger audience. If
you like your murder and intrigue a bit closer to home than la belle France,
pick up "The Heirloom Murders."

'Haunted Wisconsin'

If you didn't get enough chills and thrills on Halloween, check out Wisconsin
author Michael Norman's third, updated edition of "Haunted Wisconsin"
(University of Wisconsin Press), a history of all things creepy and inexplicable
in the Badger State. Since the first edition in 1980, many of the tales of
haunted houses and things that go bump in the night have continued on. The new
edition contains updates of these stories along with several new accounts.
Norman is a professor emeritus of journalism at UW-River Falls.

Rock the lodge

Because you have not completely resigned yourself to being the type of timid,
bourgeois person who only reads things you hear about on National Public Radio,
you'll want to attend the Monsters of Poetry's blockbuster Dec. 2 event at the
Project Lodge. For a suggested $3 donation at the door, you'll hear readings by
no fewer than four poets. Nick Demske, Sandra Beasley and Rebecca Hazelton will
all read from their work, and songwriter and poet Jason T. Lewis will be both
reading and performing music. In addition to an evening of entertainment, your
recession-friendly $3 will also buy you fleeting hipster credibility and a
chance to win door prizes.

A volcanic read

As if we didn't have enough to worry about, there is a supervolcano located
beneath Yellowstone Park that could erupt at any moment, obscuring the sun with
an impenetrable blanket of ash. For now, the pyroclastic explosion is merely the
stuff of fiction. Author Mike Mullin's new YA novel, "Ashfall," about a teenage
boy trying to survive and reunite with his family in a bleak, post-apocalyptic
landscape, sounds something like "The Road" for kids who are totally over all
that sparkly vampire business. Bring your favorite delightfully black-hearted
teenager to Barnes & Noble East on Monday, Nov. 14, at 6 p.m. to hear Mullin
read from "Ashfall" and enjoy what is being billed as an "interactive volcanic
presentation."

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday

'Trayvon' wife in lie bust

BYLINE: Cynthia R. Fagen

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 140 words


The wife of George Zimmerman, the Florida man charged with second-degree murder
for shooting unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, was arrested yesterday on a
perjury charge.

Shellie Zimmerman, 25, was taken into custody at 3:30 p.m. at the home where she
had been in hiding and booked into Seminole County Jail, the same facility where
her husband is currently remanded.

She was quickly released on $1,000 bond.

Zimmerman's wife is accused of lying to the court during her husband's bond
hearing in April in which she claimed the couple was destitute, allegedly to
finagle lower bond.

In fact, Zimmerman had collected $135,000 in online donations which was
transferred to their personal bank account days before his bond hearing.

Some of it was allegedly going to pay off personal credit card bills, according
to prosecutors.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shellie Zimmerman Out on $1,000 bond.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 18, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

San Francisco's Power Breakfasts

BYLINE: Phyllis C. Richman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FOOD; PAGE E1; RICHMAN'S TABLE

LENGTH: 994 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Call for a reservation at Postrio, this city's new offshoot of Wolfgang Puck's
Spago from Los Angeles, and the answer could be a chuckle. This restaurant is so
popular you nearly need an appointment to make a reservation.

Although it is an extreme measure, you can get a reservation by booking a room
at the Prescott Hotel, which houses Postrio; for it guarantees its guests a
table. But the best way to beat the crowd is to go to Postrio for breakfast or
have a pizza at the bar.

That's true for several of San Francisco's overwhelmingly popular restaurants.
Stars has a cafe next door that serves breakfast, and Miss Pearl's Jam House,
the funky Caribbean-inspired restaurant that is another hit in this funk-loving
city, is also open for breakfast.

At breakfast you don't need to reserve, you don't have to name-drop or otherwise
finagle. And if you don't want to do your serious eating at breakfast, many
restaurants serve impromptu meals at the bar. Square One has just expanded and
refurbished its bar so you can walk in for a quick and delicious bite without
the hassle or cost of a full meal. The bar serves light lunches, pizzas,
oysters, hors d'oeuvres and wine by the glass from its exceptional wine list.
But if you can't resist the snowy, fragrant grilled Alaskan halibut with
Indonesian sweet-soy glaze, you can order it or anything else at the bar from
Square One's regular menu.

And Stars' main dining room has a bar where you can drop in and get a hot dog
for $ 3.50, a small pizza for $ 7.50 or a full meal of the kind that has made
Stars a star -- the likes of juicy pork tenderloin smoked so that it reminds you
of a campfire, as tender and flavorful as chateaubriand, on a bed of richly
flavored white beans with the sizzle and tingle of a sweet-hot fig relish and
smoky-sweet fire onions. It's worth waiting in line for, but you needn't.

Don't dismiss breakfast as a lesser meal, though. At Miss Pearl's Jam House,
palm trees and the long glass-topped bar inset with sand and beach artifacts set
the tone for a deliciously lazy morning. The staff is easygoing and friendly at
8 a.m. The coffee has a Caribbean potency. Breads are homemade: muffins with a
juicy cluster of fresh blackberries inside, Morning Bread cake-like and
luxuriant with coconut and nuts. The potatoes are as brown as a heavy suntan.
And the andouille sausage has the sting of hot peppers.

The most glowing asset of breakfast at Miss Pearl's is the jams, three of them,
coarse and thick, sweetened lightly with sugar and perfumed boldly with
cinnamon.

Jam is also the highlight of breakfast at Postrio. This kitchen produces
strawberry jam so close to fresh that it tastes as if someone took the jar right
out to the field and let the sun melt the berries as they were picked. (The
actual recipe, according to chefs David and Ann Gingrass, is: Take a beat-up van
to local farms, drive up, drive down, until you find the best strawberries, then
cook them with a little sugar and maybe some vanilla, and make it fresh every
four or five days.)

Postrio's kitchen, which makes everything from scratch including the salami, at
breakfast takes the normal to new heights. Juices are all freshly squeezed,
including tomato, which is spiked with onion, celery, parsley and carrot juice.
Not only salmon is smoked, but also sturgeon. And that fragile, silky fish is a
revelation. Some dishes are too complex for breakfast -- hangtown fry, for
example; but the simple is stellar. Unbeatable are the lacy wedges of fried
shredded potatoes, the granola, the fruit plate of red and golden raspberries
with figs, mangoes and small, rich-flavored bananas.

And in the morning Postrio's dining room, a lush, multisensory collage of
flowers, marble, paintings, upholstery and gleaming wine-colored woodwork, can
be appreciated in detail without the crowds. In fact, the only crowd is in the
kitchen, where dozens of bustling cooks look like a full-cast rehearsal for an
MGM musical.

In a wildly popular restaurant dinner can be a hassle. But breakfast or a bar
supper is an event calm enough to savor.

POSTRIO FRESH TOMATO JUICE (Makes 1 quart)

3 pounds very ripe tomatoes

1 small parsnip

1 medium carrot

1 stalk celery

2 peeled shallots

12 sprigs Italian parsley

2 tablespoons tomato paste

3/4 teaspoons sugar

1/2 teaspoon black pepper

1/2 teaspoon salt

Wash all vegetables and chop coarsely. Place all ingredients into blender and
pure'e until completely smooth.

Strain liquid from the resulting pure'e through a fine kitchen sieve, using a
ladle or spatula to squeeze all of the juice out.

Adjust salt and pepper to taste and chill.

Per 8 ounce serving: 104 calories, 4 gm protein, 24 gm carbohydrates, .9 gm fat,
.1 gm saturated fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 319 mg sodium.

POSTRIO GRANOLA (Makes about 3 quarts)

1 cup unsalted butter

1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup

1 pound rolled oats (not instant oatmeal)

1 cup sliced almonds (skin on or off)

1 cup whole cashews

1/2 cup light brown sugar (packed tightly)

1 orange (zest only)

1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon

1/2 teaspoon grated nutmeg

1 cup toasted flaked coconut

1 cup diced dried fruit (currants, raisins, apricots, dates)

Place butter and maple syrup into small saucepan and melt together. Place
remaining ingredients except coconut and dried fruit into mixing bowl and blend.
(This is easier with paddle attachment of an electric mixer).

While still mixing, add melted butter and syrup mixture to dry ingredients and
mix until well blended. Pack granola down onto a buttered cookie pan.

Bake at 350 degrees for 20 to 30 minutes until granola becomes golden brown and
sticks together.

Allow granola to cool. When granola is cooled, place into a mixing bowl and stir
in coconut and dried fruit.

Keep well sealed to maintain freshness.

Per half cup serving: 205 calories, 3 gm protein, 20 gm carbohydrates, 14 gm
fat, 6 gm saturated fat, 20 mg cholesterol, 132 mg sodium.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              June 19, 2009 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

MOVIE REVIEW;
Say I Do to 'The Proposal'

BYLINE: DANA BARBUTO, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Features; pg. 26

LENGTH: 559 words


The big news about "The Proposal" is Sandra Bullock getting naked - but she
doesn't expose the parts that would earn the film an R rating. The scene in
question, and the film in general, emit an air of desperation on the part of the
44-year-old Bullock to regain relevancy by retreating to the genre she once
swore she'd never do again: romantic comedy.

That, in itself, isn't surprising, but that she succeeds in her quest is.

Not only does she look fantastic in the nude shower mishap with her charming
co-star Ryan Reynolds ("Definitely, Maybe"), but the film also has charisma.
That's due in equal parts to the chemistry between Bullock and Ryan, playing her
put-upon assistant, and director Anne Fletcher ("27 Dresses"), smoothly
navigating a sea of rom-com cliches.

It's also nice seeing Bullock trying her hand at playing mean, even though she's
basically riffing on Meryl Streep's wicked Miranda Priestly from "The Devil
Wears Prada."

And while Miranda would no doubt hand Bullock's Margaret Tate her lunch, the
former "Speed" queen does a credible job fleshing out the preposterous role of a
publishing diva who coerces her much-younger assistant, Andrew Paxton
(Reynolds), into marriage to avoid deportation to her native Canada.

Some companies might call that sexual harassment, but that's not an issue here
as Andrew finagles a promotion out of the deal if they can pull off the ruse and
thwart the smarmy immigration agent (Denis O'Hare) threatening to expose them.

The location eventually shifts from the hustle of the New York City publishing
house, where Margaret is the queen witch on wheels, to the quaint island of
Sitka, Alaska, from where Andrew hails. The breathtaking exterior scenes were
shot in Cape Ann, with the magic of computers providing the Alaskan mountains in
the background.

On Sitka, we meet Andrew's family assembled for his homecoming and a birthday
bash to fete Grandma Annie, (Betty White, dishing the ribald zingers as usual);
Andrew's mom, Grace (Mary Steenburgen, looking not that much older than
Margaret); his father, Joe (Craig T. Nelson in the stern patriarch role) and
ex-girlfriend Gertrude (Malin Akerman, who's sadly not given much to do).

Then there's the scene-stealing Oscar Nuñez ("The Office") playing Ramone, a
combination male stripper/general store owner/marriage officiant. One of the
film's most laugh-out-loud scenes has Nunez giving Margaret a lap dance at her
impromptu bachelorette party.

Equally worthwhile is watching Bullock display a knack for physical comedy.
Whether she's tumbling off her spike-heeled Louboutins, tripping down stairs, or
dancing with Betty White in the woods to the popular '80s song "It Takes Two,"
Bullock's comfortable being the screwball.

But while Fletcher has made a likeable - if predictable - romantic comedy - her
ending takes way too long. We have to slog through too many repeated doses of
Bullock indulging her love of physical humor (think Carol Burnett) in scenes
where she saves a dog from the clutches of a hungry eagle or spitting out sushi
at a party.

"The Proposal" needed fewer silly scenes like those and more exploration of
Margaret and Andrew's unlikely romance to rise above its formulaic final act,
when the inevitable moment of revelation and reconciliation arrives right on
schedule. Isn't that always the case?

Reach Dana Barbuto at dbarbuto@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ryan Reynolds, right, and Sandra Bullock are involved in a marriage of
convenience in "The Proposal.", Associated Press
Ryan Reynolds plays an assistant named Andrew, who is blackmailed into marrying
his scheming boss, Margaret, played by Sandra Bullock, in romantic-comedy "The
Proposal.", Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Patriot Ledger


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             May 25, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Rose Bay cleanup funding remains dry at federal level

BYLINE: VIRGINIA SMITH - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: PORT ORANGE


PORT ORANGE Despite months of efforts by Volusia County and Port Orange to
secure long-promised federal help, Rose Bays restoration remains in limbo unless
the U.S. Senate works a budgetary miracle. Nearly $30 million of state and local
funds have already been spent to clean up Rose Bay, which has an ecosystem
harmed by decades of muck buildup. A $3 million to $5 million federal
contribution, needed to dredge the bay and restore natural flows, was expected
this spring.

Instead, Rose Bay fell victim to a mad scramble in the U.S. House of
Representatives for the $25 million allotted annually by the U.S. Corps of
Engineers for aquatic restoration projects, of which there are 100 nationwide.
Rose Bay was supposed to be first on the list for that $25 million, but
competitive, line-item appropriations by U.S. representatives gobbled up the
funds, officials said. At a meeting Tuesday to discuss Rose Bay, Port Orange
City Manager Ken Parker said a Senate appropriation was the last hope for
keeping the project on track, and that a Port Orange delegation, along with
lobbyists for Volusia County, met with U.S. Rep. Tom Feeney, R- Oviedo, last
week in Washington. Because it was too late to finagle an appropriation through
the House, they asked Feeney to pressure U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez, R-Fla., to find
Rose Bay money in this years Senate budget. Cheryl Moore, a district director
for Feeney, said Tuesday that Feeneys office would be meeting with Martinez
staff, and the senator was already familiar with Rose Bays issues. Were gonna
get it, Moore said about the money.

If we dont die first, quipped Harbor Oaks resident Larry Haines, a longtime
champion of the project. In March, Volusia County Council members visited
lawmakers in Washington and handed out red roses to remind them of Rose Bay.
Council- woman Joie Alexander met with a high-ranking Corps official. But few of
these efforts seem to have worked. Corps officials in Jacksonville scrounged for
extra cash in the districts budget and found some only to be blocked by agency
chiefs in Washington from using it for Rose Bay. If the Senate finds Rose Bay
money in the coming months, the dredging project will go out for bids this year.
If it does not, many fear it will be placed on a Corps back burner indefinitely.
Paul Haydt of the St. Johns River Water Management District said the state and
local agencies involved in Rose Bay arent ready to give up on the Corps yet and
seek alternative sources of funding. Weve been this far with them, he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 29, 2001, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Some just don't care about the big game

BYLINE: WILLIAM R. LEVESQUE

SECTION: SPORTS; SUPER BOWL XXXV: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 19X

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Football fans might be surprised to know there were folks in the bay area who
didn't share their gridiron enthusiasm.

Jackie Agosto doesn't want to hear about the Super Bowl. Not now. Forget the
hoopla and the celebrity watching and the endless stretch limos circling the
city like moths to the flame.

No, right now it's three hours before kickoff, and the laundry needs folding.

And Agosto, eight months pregnant with the sore feet to prove it, is in a hurry
to get it done before Super Bowl traffic makes the drive home impossible. It's
going to be close.

"I can't wait for this to be over so we can get our streets back," Agosto, 38,
says Sunday afternoon as she folds a pair of faded jeans at a coin laundry at
Armenia Avenue and W Tampa Bay Boulevard, a few miles from the cursed game.

"The football people," she says, "need to go home."

And so it was throughout the Tampa Bay area Sunday. Oh, sure, Raymond James
Stadium was packed with the frenzied football faithful with thousands more
trying to finagle a way into Super Bowl XXXV.

But for others, it was just another Sunday.

People like Caroline Strachan, 34, of Tampa, who volunteered to work Super Bowl
night at Britan's, a British import and yogurt shop in north Tampa off Northdale
Boulevard. Her boyfriend asked her to watch the game with him.

But to her, football is a mystery she would rather not solve.

"I couldn't even tell you who's playing," she said. "I know it's a football game
and that I should avoid Dale Mabry. That's it."

At Christ United Methodist Church in St. Petersburg, finding the faithful was
proving more difficult than at Raymond James.

A half dozen people waited for a 7 p.m. service. Usually, 40 people show up.
Minister Johnny Bartha was conducting the service. It was tough to go up against
the big game.

"How much can you hype a football game?" he asked.

At Dale Mabry and Waters Avenue, Daniel Gilleard, 20, of Clearwater and Valerie
Sergieff, 18, also of Clearwater sold rugs from a van.

"I think it's kind of dumb," Sergieff said. "People get so excited about people
playing football. They don't go out and do anything themselves. That's stupid.
They should go out and participate in life."

Sergieff had her own plans once darkness fell, and the pair rolled up their rugs
for another day.

She would watch Friends on TV.

Football's uncool.

- Staff writer Ed Quioco contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SPECIAL SECTION

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            December 23, 2007 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

Welcome to Hef `s neighborhood;
Hugh Hefner and his playmates are attracting a whole new batch of fans - females
- with ``The Girls Next Door.''

BYLINE: Neal Justin, Staff Writer

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 514 words


Playboy, like chewing tobacco and the Three Stooges, has long been favored by
the male of the species.

But E!'s "The Girls Next Door," which follows the misadventures of Hugh Hefner's
three girlfriends, is turning that tradition on its ears.

About 70 percent of the reality series' audience is of the female persuasion, a
startling number considering that a typical premise consists of the blondes
trying to finagle their way into a magazine pictorial, not unlike Lucy's
attempts to sneak onto Ricky's cabaret show - although I don't recall Mrs.
Ricardo ever having her bare ta-tas digitally erased from the screen.

But most of the 28 million women are drawn in by a different kind of
titillation, the turn-on of living in a world where mortgage payments, bad-hair
days and buying wholesale don't exist.

"You've got three girls who are very pretty and intelligent, living in a
mansion, going to parties all the time, having their pictures taken all the time
and being waited on hand and foot," said diehard fan Amanda Smith, a college
student and mother of two in Knoxville, Tenn. "It's every girl's fantasy."

Bridget Marquardt, one of Hef's three live-in playmates, said the most
enthusiastic fan response comes from women who constantly tell her that she's
inspired them to lose weight, go back to school and dream about gracing the
magazine's centerfold.

"I think they live vicariously through us," she said in a phone interview from
Los Angeles. "I'm sure the hard-core feminist will say we're trapped, but I
think viewers see how empowered we are. We're very independent women with our
own ideas and our own career expectations. It's very liberating."

I must admit, I don't get it.

Then again, I've never fantasized about being pampered by makeup artists and
dressing up in low-cut gowns - at least not since my sophomore year of college.

It may also be because I've visited the Playboy Mansion. Unfortunately, it
wasn't for one of those grotto parties where the only male competition is an
inebriated Ron Jeremy. I was there to interview Hefner in the middle of the
afternoon and the only "babe" I spied was a 62-year-old gardener trimming the
hedges. The home itself is far from awe-inspiring, unless you've always wanted
to live in something that resembles a giant humidor.

Call it jealousy, but I don't believe for a minute that any of the three
"girlfriends" - Bridget, Holly and Kendra - are involved with Hef in a sexual
way, especially in these new episodes, in which the 81-year-old magnate looks
one rum-and-Coke away from being the title character in a remake of "Weekend at
Bernie's."

I don't want to extricate anyone from girly-girl paradise, just as I wouldn't
want anyone to separate me from my time with Terry Bradshaw and the gang every
Sunday afternoon. I just wish there were more options on TV for female getaways
that offer empowerment and success without anyone having to wriggle into a bunny
costume.

But maybe that's too much of a fantasy, even at Christmastime.

njustin@startribune.com - 612-673-7431

THE GIRLS NEXT DOOR

2 out of four stars

When: 9 p.m. Sundays.

Where: E!

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 11, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Panthers Go Big-Game Hunting;
In Division 5 Playoffs, Potomac Hopes to Justify Its Lofty Expectations

BYLINE: Preston Williams, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PRINCE WILLIAM EXTRA; Pg. T10

LENGTH: 637 words


After 10 regular season games, there are still two Potomac football teams. There
is the Potomac team that has not lost a district game in two years and took what
seemed like a commanding 27-point lead Friday at Stonewall Jackson.

Then there is the Potomac team that fell short in its stiffest tests -- against
Gar-Field and Hylton -- and allowed Stonewall to finagle its way back into the
game.

So the question still lingers: How capable are the Panthers of challenging for a
Virginia AAA Division 5 championship? Based on the results -- 8-0 against teams
that finished 14-36 and 0-2 against teams that went 18-2 -- it is a question
they themselves might have a tough time answering, based on the have/have-not
nature of the schedule.

All that said, here the Panthers (8-2) are with a Cedar Run District title, a
pending Northwestern Region Division 5 home semifinal against Cave Spring and
all their playoff aspirations still intact.

"We always wanted the state championship -- that was our goal at the beginning
of the season," Potomac senior lineman Keenan Carter said Friday after emerging
from a sullen Panthers postgame huddle. "So this is a chance to find out what
kind of team we are."

"We know that Hylton and Gar-Field are the teams we really wanted to play and
beat, but we know we can't focus on that now," said senior quarterback Gary
Price, who threw for 77 yards and a touchdown, ran for 65 yards and returned an
interception 87 yards for a score. "We have to just focus on what we have ahead
of us."

The Panthers opened the game Friday as if they, not Stonewall, were the team
that needed to win to reach the playoffs. Senior Willie Koger popped off a
53-yard touchdown run on the second snap, and three plays later Carter pounced
on a fumble at the Raider 32.

Another fumble recovery, by senior Sean Halse, early in the second quarter set
up the Panthers' second touchdown, a shaky halfback option pass from senior
Antwan Stewart to senior Tony Blackwell. Shortly thereafter, Potomac junior
Dominikke Clark intercepted a pass at the goal line, and in the final minute of
the first half, Price's pickoff return down the Potomac sideline gave the
Panthers a three-touchdown lead. They padded that cushion with a 73-yard scoring
drive early in the third quarter.

The final 14 minutes of the game, however, Potomac gave up a blocked punt, lost
a fumbled snap at their own 7 to set up the Raiders' first score, threw an
interception that Stonewall converted for another touchdown (a 32-yard pass on
fourth and 14 with 7:39 left) and allowed the Raiders to drive from their own 9
to the Potomac 9.

Hence the downbeat mood after the game, despite an eight-win season and second
consecutive trip to the playoffs.

"You get up [by a comfortable margin] and then you just kind of become
complacent and lackadaisical and forget to do the basics, and that's very
disappointing," Potomac Coach Ben Stutler said.

While the Panthers were trudging to the bus, Stewart was being examined on the
field for a possible concussion after a blow to the head late in the game. As a
precaution, Stewart was taken by ambulance to Prince William Hospital and
released that night. The 1,000-yard rusher seemed in fine shape yesterday, said
Stutler, who thought dehydration and fatigue might have played a role in
Stewart's episode.

Truth be told, none of the Panthers felt particularly robust after the game. But
they know what would make them feel better.

"We feel at this point -- until the last two or three quarters of this game --
that we were pretty pleased with the way things were going," Stutler said. "I'm
not sure what happened. We have a good group of guys. They've worked hard the
last couple years and accomplished a lot of good things. [But] we haven't played
our best football yet. It's still ahead of us."

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     January 25, 2002 Friday, Home Edition

DINING: A hip place to commune with food

BYLINE: JOHN KESSLER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Preview; Pg. 1Q

LENGTH: 840 words


When Commune first announced its imminent opening a year ago in the Westside
development, everyone in the restaurant/nightclub/bar crowd got all hot and
buzzy. Nothing gets style-aware Atlantans as excited as those two magic words:
New York.

Commune would be a partner to Gotham god Matthew Kenney's restaurant of the same
name in lower Manhattan --- a magnet for young urbanites with loud voices and
expensive tastes in wine and cocktails. Just the kind of New York Atlanta loves
to import.

Alas, Bubba Commune didn't open when it was supposed to. The construction crew
vanished; the local partners issued wishy-washy statements. Everyone assumed it
would never materialize; the slowing economy would dash our city's hopes of
raising its dining groove quotient.

And then, quite suddenly, there it was. As places like Cavu, Spice and Cherry
were glitzing out nearby, Commune snuck in with a warmer mood --- a vision of
glowing red lights, communal seating, wine savvy, loft aesthetics and a serious
downtown vibe. It all feels right. Perhaps the menu could use some tinkering,
and the wine list needs to come down in price. But this restaurant offers
something unique in Atlanta: comfort dining with gourmet street cred.

Commune is really a twofer: a vast downstairs dining room and a wonderful aerie
of a bar that you can reach only via a flight of outdoor stairs. Even if you
come to Commune to dine, you'll want to finagle a visit to the bar to see the
Midtown skyline framed in its plate windows.

In lieu of a bar downstairs, there is a side lounge bathed in red light that
looks like a chamber where video-game demons lurk. I'm not going in there
without a mace and a dragon-skin breastplate.

The centerpiece of the main dining area is a 24-foot-long communal table made of
underlit onyx. The stain on the flooring is dark, the lighting glows and red
highlights abound --- from shiny red tabletops that jut from the walls like
Murphy beds to fuzzy red light emanating from crosses cut in the ceiling. It's a
Goth hearth.

The food offers a canny extension of the prevailing mood (warm, unadorned), and
can hit the spot with swift assurance. Dipping herbed french fries in lemon
mayonnaise, scooping up curried tuna tartare with radishes and waffle-cut potato
chips, swiping a bacon-wrapped shrimp through a caramelly tomato jam --- these
are the easygoing pleasures of Commune.

The menu reads with chilled-out ease. Scallops in lemon broth with artichokes
will also include baby spinach, oven-dried tomatoes and all sorts of bite-size
vegetables in a mosaic presentation, but you don't need to know all that until
the dish appears.

And yet roasted duck with carrots and lime is just what it says --- gorgeous
pink breast, juicy shreds of well-cooked leg and a few carrots in a lime-etched
reduction sauce. Bass with savoy cabbage and mushroom fricassee is more exciting
than it sounds, with its contrast of crisp-seared fish with soft-braised
cabbage.

The kitchen perfectly understands its calling but sometimes gets tripped up in
the execution. Chicken and forest mushroom potpie is a soupy morass, so salty it
puckers your lips. Fig and prosciutto pizza tops a crackery round with too much
sweet fig jam and too little salty ham and blue cheese to bring it back from the
dessert zone.

Portobello mushroom Rossini --- topped with foie gras and set in a truffle juice
--- is undone by the squishy texture of the foie gras. Pumpkin soup (a thick
puree separating from its juice) with wan, rubbery shreds of duck confit and
ginger seems a good idea in search of a recipe.

While the main part of the menu knows to keep the descriptions simple and the
food real, a whole Delta shuttle full of New York 'tude flies down to invade the
dessert menu. Apple quince tart with oatmeal streusel and cinnamon ice cream,
lemon meringue cheesecake with pistachio crust and glazed cranberries, German
chocolate cake with coconut anglaise and, well, you get the idea. Blah, blah,
blah.

Just skip that dry, cold-from-the-fridge cake and pay a visit to the list of
after-dinner drinks. If you've properly communed with Commune, you've already
spent a bundle on wine. It's a great list if you want to explore the mysteries
of Spanish and Italian reds, and if you trust a 20-ish sommelier in black lace
and go-go boots to direct you toward a $55 bottle. I would like a few more
choices in the high $20s or low $30s and not to feel like such a cheapskate. But
the wines by the glass are original, and the selection of flights an appealing
way to increase your wine vocabulary.

Commune is, overall, on the expensive side. Think $10 for an appetizer, $20 for
an entree and an extra $6 if you want that side of truffled macaroni and cheese
(you do). And we haven't even started to think Rioja. These prices may have
flown in 1998 New York but seem a little steep in 2002 Atlanta.

But I think people will pay. Commune took its good time in coming, but debuted
as the edgiest dining spot in town.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map:
1198 HOWELL MILL RD. N.W.
Map shows location of Commune, with area of detail in metro Atlanta. / KATIE
RIDLEY / Staff Photo:
Scallops in lemon broth with artichokes comes with baby spinach and bite-size
vegetables. / WILLIAM BERRY / Staff Graphic:
COMMUNE RATING **
> Food: Classy comfort food with a warm presence and an occasional trip-up in
execution.
> Service: Young and beautiful staff that knows the menu and the wine list. How
cool is that?
> Setting: A Westside rehab done with equal measures of edge and warmth.
> Address, telephone: 1198 Howell Mill Road, 404-609-5000.
> Hours: 6-10 p.m. Sundays; 6-11 p.m. Mondays-Wednesdays; 6 p.m.-midnight
Thursdays-Saturdays.
> Price range: Appetizers, $6-$13, entrees, $15-$23.
> Credit cards: All major cards accepted.
> Recommended dishes: Curried tuna tartare with radishes, scallops in lemon
broth with artichokes, roasted duck with carrots and lime, herbed french fries,
lemon meringue cheesecake.
> Vegetarian choices: A few.
> Wine list: Very extensive, with lots of trendy choices for people who follow
wine fashions. Only problem is, there isn't enough choice on the low end.
> Reservations: Yes.
> Children: Not a great idea.
> Parking: Self and valet parking.
> Wheelchair access: Full.
> Smoking policy: Separate smoking area.
> Noise level: Very high.
> Takeout: Yes.
OUR STAR RATING SYSTEM
**** Outstanding. Sets the standard for fine dining in the region.
*** Excellent. One of the best in the Atlanta area.
** Very good. Merits a drive if you're looking for this kind of dining.
* Good. A worthy addition to its neighborhood, but food may be hit or miss.
Resturants that do not meet these criteria may be rated Fair or Poor.

TYPE: Review

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              July 10, 2011 Sunday

H.B., firefighters battle over pensions

BYLINE: jaimee lynn fletcher Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 1010 words

DATELINE: HUNTINGTON BEACH



HIGHLIGHT: Union offers concessions, but city says deal has too many strings.


  Firefighters are offering to pay more into their pensions, but not without
locking down a contract extension and minimum staffing levels. To some it's a
good deal; others say it's a risky idea in an unpredictable economy.

Union officials and city leaders have been negotiating for six months, but the
City Council majority turned down the most recent proposal in May.

Huntington Beach Fire Association President Darrin Witt says the union is ready
to continue negotiations if the city is up for it. The group's proposal would
save about $1.2 million over two years; fire employees would increase their
pension payments to CalPERS to 6.75 percent from 2.25 percent.

Exploding pension costs have been a contentious topic as cities across
California try to finagle a way to keep their promised contributions to their
employees while battling the impacts of a suffering economy. Huntington Beach's
unfunded pension liability, including the city's supplemental pension fund and
using the most recent available market value, is about $370.3 million, according
to CalPERS valuation reports.

Councilman Joe Shaw said he considers the union's offer a start on the path to
combat looming pension issues. "Most of the City Council agrees that all of our
employees have to pay more into their pensions," he said. "Our goal should be
our non-safety employees pay 8 percent eventually and safety employees pay 9
percent."

Councilman Don Hansen said the average firefighter has $43,000 in pension costs
and the average fire employee pays $2,500. "Their contribution is pennies
compared to what the taxpayers are supporting there," he said.

There has been talk of a two-tier pension plan that would reduce benefits for
any new hires, but Hansen said that would do nothing to help out with the
current problem. "The results of (the two-tier plan) don't start manifesting
themselves until 10 or 20 years down the road."

Hansen said employees need to start paying more for retirement now and the city
needs to have the flexibility to make cuts to the department, if needed, by
denying the HBFA proposal.

"They are like spoiled children that have never been told 'no,'" he said of the
union. "They're used to having all these things just fall. ... We just can't
afford it anymore."

Witt said the union has tried to meet the council's demands but is continuously
turned down.

"It is hard for me to imagine how some would feel we are spoiled and trying to
take advantage of the city when we have a contract and have no obligation to
even meet with the city," he wrote in an email to the Register. "We are trying
to come up with real solutions to real problems."

Labor negotiations are done in closed session, but Hansen said City Council
members voted to talk publicly about some of the issues so residents could be
aware of the situation.

City officials said they could not provide the proposed agreement; however,
Calitics, an opinion blog covering local politics, posted a draft of the
proposed agreement online. The draft says it was last updated April 1. The
letter says firefighters have postponed two raises and instead are looking to
increase their pension payments with the stipulation there be a minimum of four
firefighters for each engine, 16 fire paramedics, 10 fire engineers and 10 fire
captains on each shift at all times. The extension would make the contract good
until June 2014. The current contract expires September 2013, the HBFA reported.

"I think we missed out on an opportunity to make a good deal for the city. ...
They didn't have to do this. Their contract is not up," Shaw said.

But Hansen said lengthy contracts and minimum staffing requirements are a bad
idea in uncertain economic times. And with the city possibly looking at losing
its redevelopment agency - because of changes in state law - and millions in
property tax funding, Huntington Beach will need to have the latitude to make
cuts, Hansen said.

"If we did this deal, there'd be no way to do that," he said. "It essentially
makes them bulletproof from wage reductions."

Hansen said the minimum staffing agreement requires 44 firefighters on at all
times, but he believes that could be scaled back in the winter months when
Huntington Beach sees fewer emergency calls. And getting rid of one of the
larger ladder trucks would keep about $600,000 in the city coffers each year,
which nearly equals the savings Huntington Beach would see with the
firefighters' proposed pension payment increase, he said.

"If I pulled one of those out, I could take four of those firefighters and start
reducing overtime while still providing a high level of safety for the
community," he said. "Regardless of how many engines you deploy, we would be
mandated to have 44 firefighters on the clock no matter what."

Witt said the union was notified of "strategic goals" the department had to
meet, which included maintaining public safety, requiring employees to pay more
into their pensions and making strategic budget cuts.

"We have been trying to meet the council's own strategic goals while they have
not," he said.

He added the back-and-forth with the council seems to be politically driven and
on may be on its way to a "public war."

"We have been told by some on the council the city doesn't need our concessions
... we have also been told by some that they are ready for a fight," Witt wrote.

The guaranteed staffing levels, which he listed as 40 firefighters on at all
times, are a way to protect the department and ensure response times don't
suffer, Witt said.

"The current staffing levels are below national standards as well as below
like-sized cities here in Orange County," he wrote. "The call volume since 2002
has increased 24 percent and is on pace to top 16,000 calls this year."

If the HBFA and the council cannot come to an agreement, it would be considered
an impasse, according to Hansen. That means the firefighters would have to take
what the city offers for about a year after their contract expires.

Reporter Jon Cassidy contributed to this report.



714-796-7953 or jfletcher@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 5, 2002 Thursday Home Edition

Northern Arc looms again for Barnes

BYLINE: JAY BOOKMAN

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 672 words


By postponing a final decision on the Northern Arc until after the November
election, Gov. Roy Barnes thought he had put the issue into cold storage until
he was safely re-elected.

Well, it's baa-aack.

In fact, the issue may be more dangerous than ever to Barnes' re-election. The
outcome of an Arc-related legal case argued Wednesday before Fulton County
Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes has the potential to do serious damage to
the governor's standing with Georgia voters.

That lawsuit, filed last month by opponents of the Arc, claims that Barnes acted
unconstitutionally in devising a proposed bond issue of $821.9 million to pay
for new roads and transit projects. If you read the task force brief and the
state constitution, it appears that the lawsuit has real merit, at least to a
layman's eyes.

If that's true --- if the courts determine that the governor tried to finagle
the largest bond issue in state history by unconstitutional means --- it would
strengthen the image of Barnes as "King Roy" willing to do anything to get his
way. Perhaps just as dangerous, it would raise questions about the basic
competence of the Barnes administration, which until now has been largely
unchallenged.

In reading the tea leaves, you get the sense that the governor's people are
worried. For example, when the civil suit was filed last month, Arc opponents
were eager to talk about their case and seemed confident about its prospects.
But when I called Joselyn Baker, the governor's press officer, to get their side
of the story, the contrast was startling.

Baker didn't have the state's legal explanation right in hand, she said, but she
assured me that some of the best bond lawyers in Georgia had looked at the deal
and were confident it was constitutional.

Fair enough, I said. Could I talk to just one of those many lawyers, to explain
to me how my layman's reading was wrong?

No, it turns out, none of those fine lawyers could be made available.

Since then, Barnes supporters have been notably eager to change the subject.
Rather than discuss the legal case itself, they prefer to focus on the possible
implications should the courts invalidate the bond issue. If popular
transportation projects do have to be delayed or canceled, they want the public
to blame Arc opponents for daring to challenge the program in court.

That's pretty funny. The Barnes administration and the state's transportation
bosses both have well-earned reputations as hard noses. To hear them whine that
Arc opponents won't play nice . . . well, it's downright entertaining.

That script continued to play out in court Wednesday. Former Attorney General
Mike Bowers, representing the Northern Arc Task Force, confidently attacked the
state's bond proposal as a clear-cut, flagrant violation of the Georgia
Constitution, citing specific chapter, verse and language.

William Barwick, representing the state, was reduced to arguing that the
situation wasn't quite as clear as it might seem at first. He sought to kick up
a cloud of ambiguity and uncertainty around the case, then suggested that if
such ambiguity does exist, it should be resolved on the side of the state.

Given his case, Barwick's strategy was wise. Some judges are reluctant to
interfere in such politically charged, high-profile cases, and will often rush
to take cover wherever they can find it. As if to drive that point home, Barwick
made sure to point out to the judge the terrible economic and transportation
consequences to Georgia should he rule on the task force's behalf.

It is entirely possible, in other words, that both Judge Barnes and the Georgia
Supreme Court will rule against the task force lawsuit. But in the more likely
case that the bond issue is indeed found unconstitutional, it's important to
remember who's at fault.

The responsibility would lay only with those who concocted such a scheme, not
with those who dared to point it out.

Jay Bookman is the deputy editorial page editor. His column appears Thursdays.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 26, 1993, Friday, City Edition

'A challenge for both my brain and my body'

BYLINE: TERESA BURNEY

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 366 words



At age 75, Bernard Dergan just started a new career.

The former grocery and liquor store owner and car salesman who lives in
Hernando County has become circulation supervisor for the New Port Richey
Library.

"I know it might sound foolish at 75 to talk about a new career," Dergan  said,
"but that is what it is, and it feels good."

Dergan got his new job after completing two training assignments with the
American Association of Retired Persons' program. He joined the program when  he
was 72.

"I read about the program in the paper, so I decided to give it a try,"  he
said. He hadn't tried to get a job on his own first.

"It was kind of hard at 72 to go out and finagle someone to give you a  job."

Dergan got back in the work force for two reasons. First, he needed the  money.

"No matter how much you put away, the money doesn't last," he said.

Lots of retirees are struggling these days - "people who were fairly  affluent,"

 he said.

Besides, Dergan, after 10 years of retirement, never really liked it.

"When you are used to being productive and working long hours, the time  hangs
heavy," he said. "Retirement is just plain boring."

Leisure was great, he said, but it's often expensive to golf or go to ball
games. After a while, that gets boring too, he said.

"You can only hunt so much and fish so much and golf so much," he said.

The AARP program helped him get back into the rhythm of working, Dergan  said.

"It gives you confidence again," he said. "It afforded me the  opportunity to
know that I still had the skills, they were just dormant."

He learned some new ones, too. He even took a special class in computers,  for
instance.

"I am learning. I don't ever believe you get too old to learn," he said.

Dergan wasn't really looking for a fulltime job. He lives in Spring Hill,  21
miles from his new job in New Port Richey.

Still, he doesn't mind the longer hours and commute.

"It was an opportunity, and it's a challenge for both my brain and my  body," he
said.

Dergan is not the oldest person working at the New Port Richey Library,
director Susan Dillinger said.

"I've got two employees in their 80s," she said.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, JACK ROWLAND; Bernard Dergan works at the New Port Richey
Library.

                            Times Publishing Company


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 21, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Starting over // Bernard Dergan

BYLINE: TERESA BURNEY

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 361 words



At age 75, Bernard Dergan just started a new career.

The former grocery and liquor store owner and car salesman has become
circulation supervisor for the New Port Richey Library.

"I know it might sound foolish at 75 to talk about a new career," Dergan  said,
"but that is what it is, and it feels good."

Dergan got his new job after completing two training assignments with the
American Association of Retired Persons' program. He joined the program when  he
was 72.

"I read about the program in the paper so I decided to give it a try," he  said.
He hadn't tried to get a job on his own first.

"It was kind of hard at 72 to go out and finagle someone to give you a  job."

Dergan got back in the work force for two reasons. First, he needed the  money.

"No matter how much you put away, the money doesn't last," he said.

Lots of retirees are struggling these days - "people who were fairly  affluent,"

 he said.

Besides, Dergan, after 10 years of retirement, never really liked it.

"When you are used to being productive and working long hours, the time  hangs
heavy," he said. "Retirement is just plain boring."

Leisure was great, he said, but it's often expensive to golf or go to ball
games. After a while, that gets boring too, he said.

"You can only hunt so much and fish so much and golf so much," he said.

The AARP program helped him get back into the rhythm of working, Dergan  said.

"It gives you confidence again," he said. "It afforded me the  opportunity to
know that I still had the skills, they were just dormant."

He learned some new ones, too. He even took a special class in computers,  for
instance.

"I am learning. I don't ever believe you get too old to learn," he said.

Dergan wasn't really looking for a fulltime job. He lives in Spring Hill,  21
miles from his new job in New Port Richey.

Still, he doesn't mind the longer hours and commute.

"It was an opportunity, and it's a challenge for both my brain and my  body," he
said.

Dergan is not the oldest person working at the New Port Richey Library,
director Susan Dillinger said.

"I've got two employees in their 80s," she said.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, JACK ROWLAND; Bernard Dergan works at the New Port Richey
Library

                            Times Publishing Company


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      April 12, 2002 Friday Final Edition

He's gotta love it: Davis Love III takes early lead

SOURCE: Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Curtis Stock

SECTION: Sports; Pg. F1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 753 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, Ga.

Sure, the opening round of the Masters has always been a tease, whispering in
your ear with promises only to pull your pants down and laugh in your face.

But Davis Love III leading the Masters? Did anyone outside of Madam Zelda and
her crystal ball see this one coming?

A guy who has missed the cut in his past two tournaments? Heck, a guy who hasn't
played the last two days in half of his 10 events this year? A guy with back and
neck problems that not so long ago had people wondering if he could ever get
back to where he was?

That Davis Love III? Only he didn't seem surprised.

"I'm not shocked the way I played today. I'm shocked at the way I've played the
last four weeks," Love said Thursday after his round of five-under 67, one
better than Sergio Garcia and Angel Cabrera.

Three others were at three-under 69 -- Retief Goosen, Padraig Harrington and
Phil Mickelson. Eleven, including Tiger Woods, opened with 70s.

"I was telling everybody I was playing well," said Love. "It was just that I was
making big numbers. I just had to eliminate the silly mistakes."

He did. No mistakes period, really. Virtually flawless, Love's round was bogey
free, something he's sure he's never done here before.

Even when he got into trouble, he got out just as quickly. Like on 17 when he
found the trees with his drive yet, even from there, somehow managed to finagle
it onto the green and then almost made birdie.

There were shots like the 6-iron he put to within six inches on

No. 14 from 169 yards out. Or the marvellous draw he coaxed out of a 7-iron,
around the pines and to within four feet.

But 5-under? His best score ever at Augusta? The way he was playing and on a
course that was supposed to be harder than calculus after all the changes they
made?

"It was nice to catch it on a calm and damp day," said Love, of a course still
wet from Tuesday's rain and playing as forgiving as it is ever going to get.

"I know that the pace of the greens will be up and the fine edge will pick up.
It will get tougher. But they may not get it quite as dry as they want it," he
said with predictions of possibly more showers and, at the very least, still
humid enough not to bake Augusta like the burned crust it was last Sunday and
Monday.

Love went all of 1999 and 2000 without a win. He won last year -- coming back
from a seven-stroke final round deficit playing his first seven holes at Pebble
Beach in eight under. But, he missed the cut here. Moreover, the winner of 14
PGA events had to withdraw from three events because of neck and disc pain.

"From all the twisting and turning we do," said Love. "I said maybe I ought to
go back to being hurt because I was playing pretty good last year being hurt."

Still, we probably shouldn't get too carried away with Love's quick resurgence.
After all, the last first-round leader to win here was Ben Crenshaw in 1984.

"I don't pay much attention to stats like that," said Love. "We'd quit playing
if we did. It's better to be the first-round leader than not to be, I would
think."

Garcia got his charge going on the back nine, making four birdies over a
five-hole stretch. He was tied for the lead until he bogeyed 18.

"My best round ever here," said Garcia, who was the low amateur in 1999 when he
finished tied for 38th. He missed the cut last year.

"Just a couple of bad shots on 14 and 18 cost me. If my putter behaves a little,
I think that I should have a good chance the way I'm hitting the ball."

Garcia said he'd like his chances better if the course did dry out.

"I think the harder the course the better you have to play, the better player is
going to come out on top."

Cabrera, another flying under the radar despite 10 top-10 finishes on the
European Tour where he led in driving distance, didn't make anything until the
seventh. Then he couldn't stop making three birdies over a four-hole stretch.

Cabrera's only bogey came on No. 11 when, trying to overprotect against the
dangerous pond, left it right of the green and couldn't get up and down.

While Love stayed steady as rent and Garcia and Cabrera made their charges,
Harrington is probably still wondering what happened to him given that when he
walked to the relatively docile par 5, 13th he was six-under and leading by
three. Then he bogeyed 13 hitting a 5-iron into the hazard, bogeyed 14 after
hitting into the trees and bogeyed 18 when he missed a 10-footer.

"I never got complacent," he said.

No, but this day belonged to Davis Love III.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Elise Amendola, Associated Press; Davis Love III watches
his drive off the 17th tee on Thursday.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      April 12, 2002 Friday Early Edition

He's gotta love it: Davis Love III takes early lead

SOURCE: Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Curtis Stock

SECTION: Sports; Pg. F1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, Ga.

Sure, the opening round of the Masters has always been a tease, whispering in
your ear with promises only to pull your pants down and laugh in your face.

But Davis Love III leading the Masters? Did anyone outside of Madam Zelda and
her crystal ball see this one coming?

A guy who has missed the cut in his last two tournaments? Heck, a guy who hasn't
played the last two days in half of his 10 events this year? A guy with back and
neck problems that not so long ago had people wondering if he could ever get
back to where he was?

That Davis Love III? Only he didn't seem surprised.

"I'm not shocked the way I played today. I'm shocked at the way I've played the
last four weeks," Love said Thursday after his round of five-under 67, one
better than Sergio Garcia and Angel Cabrera.

Three others were at three-under 69 -- Retief Goosen, Padraig Harrington and
Phil Mickelson. Eleven, including Tiger Woods, opened with 70s.

"I was telling everybody I was playing well," said Love. "It was just that I was
making big numbers. I just had to eliminate the silly mistakes."

He did. No mistakes period, really. Virtually flawless, Love's round was bogey
free, something he's sure he's never done here before.

Even when he got into trouble, he got out just as quickly. Like on 17 when he
found the trees with his drive yet, even from there, somehow managed to finagle
it onto the green and then almost made birdie.

There were shots like the 6-iron he put to within six inches on No. 14 from 169
yards out. Or the marvellous draw he coaxed out of a 7-iron, around the pines
and to within four feet.

But 5-under? His best score ever at Augusta? The way he was playing and on a
course that was supposed to be harder than calculus after all the changes they
made?

"It was nice to catch it on a calm and damp day," said Love, of a course still
wet from Tuesday's rain and playing as forgiving as it is ever going to get.

"I know that the pace of the greens will be up and the fine edge will pick up.
It will get tougher. But they may not get it quite as dry as they want it," he
said with predictions of possibly more showers and, at the very least, still
humid enough not to bake Augusta like the burned crust it was last Sunday and
Monday.

Love went all of 1999 and 2000 without a win. He won last year -- coming back
from a seven-stroke final round deficit playing his first seven holes at Pebble
Beach in eight under. But, he missed the cut here. Moreover, the winner of 14
PGA events had to withdraw from three events because of neck and disc pain.

"From all the twisting and turning we do," said Love. "I said maybe I ought to
go back to being hurt because I was playing pretty good last year being hurt."

Still, we probably shouldn't get too carried away with Love's quick resurgence.
After all, the last first-round leader to win here was Ben Crenshaw in 1984.

"I don't pay much attention to stats like that," said Love. "We'd quit playing
if we did. It's better to be the first-round leader than not to be, I would
think."

Garcia got his charge going on the back nine, making four birdies over a
five-hole stretch. He was tied for the lead until he bogeyed 18.

"My best round ever here," said Garcia, who was the low amateur in 1999 when he
finished tied for 38th. He who missed the cut last year.

"Just a couple of bad shots on 14 and 18 cost me. If my putter behaves a little,
I think that I should have a good chance the way I'm hitting the ball."

Garcia said he'd like his chances better if the course did dry out.

"I think the harder the course the better you have to play, the better player is
going to come out on top."

Cabrera, another flying under the radar despite 10 top-10 finishes on the
European Tour where he led in driving distance, didn't make anything until the
7th. Then he couldn't stop making three birdies over a four-hole stretch.

Cabrera's only bogey came on No. 11 when, trying to overprotect against the
dangerous pond, left it right of the green and couldn't get up and down.

While Love stayed steady as rent and Garcia and Cabrera made their charges,
Harrington is probably still wondering what happened to him given that when he
walked to the relatively docile par 5, 13th he was six-under and leading by
three. Then he bogeyed 13 hitting a 5-iron into the hazard, bogeyed 14 after
hitting into the trees and bogeyed 18 when he missed a 10-footer.

"I never got complacent," he said.

No, but this day belonged to Davis Love III.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Shaun Best, Reuters; Phil Mickelson reacts after missing a
birdie putt on the 15th hole during first-round play Thursday in the Masters at
Augusta National Golf Club. Mickelson finished in a three-way tie for third with
a three-under par 69.; Colour Photo: Elise Amendola, Associated Press; Davis
Love III watches his drive off the 17th tee on Thursday.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      April 12, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Love in the lead -- crazy!: Who would have thought that after all his recent
struggles? Funny, Love wasn't taken aback at all: THE MASTERS: DAY 1

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Curtis Stock

SECTION: Sports; The Masters; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 893 words

DATELINE: Augusta, Ga.

Sure, the opening round of the Masters has always been a tease, whispering in
your ear with promises, only to pull your pants down and laugh in your face.

But Davis Love III leading the Masters? Did anyone outside of Madam Zelda and
her crystal ball see this one coming?

Someone who has missed the cut in his last two tournaments? Heck, who hasn't
made the cut in half of his 10 events this year? Someone with back and neck
problems that not so long ago had people wondering if he could ever get back to
where he was?

That Davis Love III? He's the only one who didn't seem surprised.

"I'm not shocked the way I played today. I'm shocked at the way I've played the
last four weeks," said Love after his opening round of five-under 67, one better
than Sergio Garcia and Angel Cabrera.

Three others were at three-under 69: Retief Goosen, Padraig Harrington and Phil
Mickelson. Eleven, including Tiger Woods, opened with 70s.

"I was telling everybody I was playing well," said Love. "It was just that I was
making big numbers. I just had to eliminate the silly mistakes."

He did. No mistakes, period. Virtually flawless, Love's round was bogey-free,
something he's sure he's never done here before.

Even when he got into trouble, he got out just as quickly. Like on 17 when he
found the trees with his drive, yet even from there, somehow managed to finagle
it onto the green and then almost making birdie anyway.

Then there were shots like the 6-iron he put to six inches on No. 14 from 169
yards out. Or the marvellous draw he coaxed out of a 7-iron, around the pines
and to within four feet.

But 5-under? His best score ever at Augusta? The way he was playing and on a
course that was supposed to be harder than calculus after all the changes that
were made?

"It was nice to catch it on a calm and damp day," said Love of a course still
wet from Tuesday's rain and playing as forgiving as it is ever going to get.

"I know that the pace of the greens will pick up and the fine edge will pick up.
It will get tougher. But they may not get it quite as dry as they want it," he
said with predictions of possibly more showers and, at the very least, still
humid enough not to bake Augusta like the burned crust it was Sunday and Monday.

Love went all of 1999 and 2000 without a win. He won last year, coming back from
a seven-stroke final-round deficit playing his first seven holes at Pebble Beach
in eight-under.

But he missed the cut here. Moreover, the winner of 14 PGA events had to
withdraw from three events because of neck and disc pain.

"From all the twisting and turning we do," said Love. "I said maybe I ought to
go back to being hurt because I was playing pretty good last year being hurt."

Still, we probably shouldn't get too carried away with Love's quick resurgence.
After all, the last first-round leader to win here was Ben Crenshaw way back in
1984.

"I don't pay much attention to stats like that," said Love. "We'd quit playing
if we did. It's better to be the first-round leader than not to be, I would
think."

Garcia got his charge going on the back nine, making four birdies over a
five-hole stretch. He was tied for the lead until he bogeyed 18.

"My best round ever here," said Garcia, who was the low amateur in 1999 when he
finished tied for 38th and who missed the cut last year. "Just a couple of bad
shots on 14 and 18 cost me. If my putter behaves a little, I think that I should
have a good chance the way I'm hitting the ball."

Garcia said he'd like his chances better if the course did dry out. "I think the
harder the course the better you have to play; the better player is going to
come out on top."

Cabrera, another flying under the radar despite 10 top-10 finishes on the
European Tour where he led in driving distance, didn't make anything until the
seventh. Then he couldn't stop making three birdies over a four-hole stretch.

Cabrera's only bogey came on No. 11 when, trying to overprotect against the
dangerous pond, he left it right of the green and couldn't get up and down.

While Love stayed steady as rent and Garcia and Cabrera made their charges,
Harrington is probably still wondering what happened to him given that when he
walked to the relatively docile par-5 13th he was six-under and leading by
three.

Then he bogeyed 13, hitting a 5-iron into the hazard, bogeyed 14 after hitting
into the trees and bogeyed 18 when he missed a 10-footer.

As it happened, Harrington's bogey on 14 came almost at the same time as Love,
who, playing just in front, birdied 15. Quickly, from three up, Harrington was
one, and soon to be two, down.

"There's never a day you tee it up here that you would not take 69," said
Harrington, ranked second on the European Tour last year -- behind Goosen --
where he won twice and led the putting statistics.

"I never got complacent. You can't get on the course and think you are 6-under
par and think this golf course is so difficult I should give a couple back.

"No, you think, 'Today is my day.' "

Almost was. Instead, the day belonged to ... yes, that is correct: Davis Love
III.

LEADERBOARD

Top five scores and Mike Weir's from the opening round of the Masters:

Davis Love III 33-34--67

Sergio Garcia 34-34--68

Angel Cabrera 34-34--68

Retief Goosen 36-33--69

P. Harrington 31-38--69

Mike Weir 39-33--72

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: AP; Many people -- except Davis Love III -- were
surprised when Love emerged as the Day 1 leader on Thursday.

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      April 12, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Love not surprised he's in lead at Masters

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Curtis Stock

SECTION: Sports; Curtis Stock; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 718 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, Georgia

AUGUSTA, Georgia - Sure, the opening round of the Masters has always been a
tease, whispering in your ear with promises only to pull your pants down and
laugh in your face.

But, Davis Love III leading the Masters? Did anyone outside of Madam Zelda and
her crystal ball see this one coming?

A guy who has missed the cut in his last two tournaments? Heck, a guy who hasn't
got to play the last two days in half of his 10 events this year? A guy with
back and neck problems that not so long ago had people wondering if he could
ever get back to where he was?

That Davis Love III? Only he didn't seem surprised.

"I'm not shocked the way I played today. I'm shocked at the way I've played the
last four weeks," said Love after his opening round of five-under 67, one better
than Sergio Garcia and Angel Cabrera.

Three others were at three-under 69: Retief Goosen, Padraig Harrington and Phil
Mickelson. Eleven, including Tiger Woods, opened with 70s.

"I was telling everybody I was playing well," said Love. "It was just that I was
making big numbers. I just had to eliminate the silly mistakes."

He did. No mistakes period, really. Virtually flawless, Love's round was bogey
free, something he's sure he's never done here before.

Even when he got into trouble, he got out just as quickly. Like on 17 when he
found the trees with his drive yet, even from there, somehow managed to finagle
it onto the green and then almost making birdie anyway.

Then there were shots like the 6-iron he put to six inches on No. 14 from 169
yards out. Or the marvelous draw he coaxed out of a 7-iron, around the pines and
to within four feet.

But 5-under? His best score ever at Augusta? The way he was playing and on a
course that was supposed to be harder than calculus after all the changes they
made?

"It was nice to catch it on a calm and damp day," said Love, of a course still
wet from Tuesday's rain and playing as forgiving as it is ever going to get.

"I know that the pace of the greens will up and the fine edge will pick up. It
will get tougher. But they may not get it quite as dry as they want it," he said
with predictions of possibly more showers and, at the very least, still humid
enough not to bake Augusta like the burned crust it was Sunday and Monday.

Love went all of 1999 and 2000 without a win. He won last year -- coming back
from seven stroke final round deficit playing his first seven holes at Pebble
Beach in eight under. But, he missed the cut here. Moreover, the winner of 14
PGA events had to withdraw from three events because of neck and disc pain.

"From all the twisting and turning we do," said Love. "I said maybe I ought to
go back to being hurt because I was playing pretty good last year being hurt."

Still, we probably shouldn't get too carried away with Love's quick resurgence.

After all, the last first-round leader to win here was Ben Crenshaw way back in
1984.

"I don't pay much attention to stats like that," said Love. "We'd quit playing
if we did. It's better to be the first-round leader than not to be, I would
think."

Garcia got his charge going on the back nine, making four birdies over a five
hole stretch. He was tied for the lead until he bogeyed 18.

"My best round ever here," said Garcia, who was the low amateur in 1999 when he
finished tied for 38th and who missed the cut last year. "Just a couple of bad
shots on 14 and 18 cost me. If my putter behaves a little, I think that I should
have a good chance the way I'm hitting the ball."

Garcia said he likes his chances better if the course did dry out. "I think the
harder the course the better you have to play, the better player is going to
come out on top."

Cabrera, another flying under the radar despite 10 top-10 finishes on the
European Tour where he led in driving distance, didn't make anything until the
7th. Then he couldn't stop making three birdies over a four-hole stretch.

While Love stayed steady as rent and Garcia and Cabrera made their charges,
Harrington is probably still wondering what happened to him given that when he
walked to the relatively docile par 5, 13th he was six-under and leading by
three.

Then he bogeyed 13 hitting a 5-iron into the hazard, bogeyed 14 after hitting
into the trees and bogeyed 18 when he missed a 10-footer.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 27, 2009 Friday

'SPIDEY' SENSES TINGLING - SNEAK PEEK AT B'WAY COMIC THRILLER

BYLINE: Michael Riedel

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 450 words


WHAT do you call a $40 million theatrical extravaganza that features gigantic,
perspective-skewing sets, 3-D projections, more aerial acrobatics than Cirque du
Soleil, a cast of heroes and villains from Marvel comic books and a rock score
by Bono and The Edge?

The phrase "Broadway musical" doesn't seem grand enough to convey the size and
scope of "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark," which is due to open in New York at
the Hilton Theater in January 2010.

And, in fact, its director, Julie Taymor, who staged "The Lion King," recently
warned a group of theater insiders to steer clear of the word "musical."

Spider-Man, she added, "is not going to sing and dance in tights."

A better description of her show, she suggested, is a "circus rock-'n'-roll
drama."

Taymor, Bono and The Edge lifted the curtain a bit on "Spider-Man" this week for
an audience of ticket brokers and group-sales agents. The event was closed to
the press, but like any good reporter from The Daily Bugle, I managed to finagle
a ticket.

The stage version of "Spider-Man" will be nothing like the movie franchise,
Taymor said, adding that she drew on the old Marvel comics for the story and
production design.

"Our show is going to have a comic-book, pop-up sensibility," she said.

The sets, drawings of which were on display, are brightly colored and enormous.
The Chrysler Building, the Brooklyn Bridge and The Daily Bugle Building all
figure prominently, their perspective skewed to match Spider-Man's shifting
viewpoint as he soars through the city.

Peter Parker is at the center of the story, surrounded by a bunch of nerdy
friends, a sort of "geek chorus," said bookwriter Glen Berger.

As Spider-Man, Peter clashes with a parade of Marvel villains - Green Goblin,
Carnage, Electro, Rhino, Swarm and Lizard.

Berger and Taymor have invented a new baddie for the show - Swiss Miss, whose
costume, designed by Oscar winner Eiko Ishioka ("Bram Stoker's Dracula"),
consists of rotating knives and swirling corkscrews.

Five young singers performed six songs from the show, including the haunting
"Rise Above," which is as good as any rock ballad in "Rent."

The kid who sang that song, Reeve Carney, fluttered the hearts of all ladies in
the auditorium. He seemed to have impressed Bono as well, and is said to be the
leading contender to play Peter Parker.

Bono said he decided to write for the stage after attending a dinner honoring
Andrew Lloyd Webber.

"I'd like to thank so many people," Bono quoted Lloyd Webber as saying. "But in
particular, I'd like to thank rock musicians for leaving me alone for 25 years.
I've had the theater all to myself."

Bono added, "We've decided to give Andrew a little competition."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DON'T CALL IT A MUSICAL: "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" (official art
above) is swinging to Broadway in January of next year, featuring high-flying
acrobatics and a rock score by U2 duo Bono and The Edge. [Boneau/Bryan-Brown
Inc.; AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 5, 2006 Sunday

Hitting home;
Memoir about growing up in Des Moines is familiar tale for reader who also was
there

BYLINE: BOOK NOOK VICK MICKUNAS

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 480 words


How did a guy from Des Moines, Iowa, become the topselling nonfiction writer in
England? In Bill Bryson's case, he worked hard at his craft. Moving to England
30 years ago undoubtedly helped.

Books such as The Lost Continent, Notes From a Small Island and I'm a Stranger
Here Myself solidified a growing reputation. Then he hiked the Appalachian Trail
with the Falstaffian Steven Katz for A Walk in the Woods. Bryson went solid
gold. That book sold millions.

Bryson's book projects took him around the world: to Africa, Europe and
Australia. He wanted to write about something more familiar, so that he could
work at home for a while.

He decided to write

The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid, a memoir about growing up in Des
Moines, Iowa, in the '50s and '60s. Do you remember what you were doing 40 years
ago? I do.

I was delivering the Des Moines Tribune (so was Bryson). I was hanging out at
Riverview Amusement Park (so was Bryson). I was trying to finagle my way into
the girlie shows at the Iowa State Fair (so was Bryson).

It was a haunting feeling to read The Thunderbolt Kid. Bryson is a few years
older than I, but we grew up during the same period in the same neighborhood in
Des Moines. Thankfully, he's funnier than I am.

Bryson changed names to obscure the guilty. I asked him about the gang he calls
"the Butter Boys." He admitted that "I did exaggerate because they weren't all
bullies, but they did eat squirrels and stuff."

He alternates between chapters about Des Moines and more general meditations
upon the great trends of those days, from McCarthyism to above-ground nuclear
testing.

I was in stitches for most of the book as Bryson reflected upon times when
people were more relaxed, like his dad, a sportswriter, who would stroll around
the house late at night without any pants on. "We all dressed for comfort at
home."

The author revels in the memories of the TV shows, the movies, the
advertisements, the candy, the hangouts - all the things we now call pop
culture.

I interviewed his cohort, Steven Katz, about A Walk in the Woods, and he was
slightly miffed about Bryson's descriptions of Katz' rampages along the
Appalachian Trail. This new book recounts Katz' delinquencies from long- ago Des
Moines.

I asked Katz if he had really stolen entire boxcar-loads of beer. He admitted
"that was all pretty much on the mark." Katz is a pseudonym; he's recently been
outed as Matthew Angerer and seems to be enjoying this lack of anonymity.

Angerer attended a Bryson book-signing in Des Moines for The Thunderbolt Kid. A
man in the crowd spotted him. "You're Katz, aren't you? You still like the creme
soda? Do you still love the Twinkies?"

Katz (Angerer) savored his glimmer of fame. "So, this is my moment in the sun."
Contact book reviewer Vick Mickunas at vick@vickmickunas.com.

Review

The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid

by Bill Bryson, Broadway, 270 pages, $25.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 13, 2003 Sunday Five Star Late Lift Edition
                              Correction Appended

LEGAL EAGLE, BAR NONE

BYLINE: Elizabethe Holland Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 3549 words


* Many have dubbed Scott Rosenblum the area's top criminal defense attorney. "He
puts everything he has into every case," says St. Louis Rams running back
Marshall Faulk, one of his clients.

It's judgment day, attorney Scott Rosenblum's last chance to make 12 strangers
believe his client didn't gun down a man to prove her love to another -- despite
her videotaped confession to the contrary. Still, Rosenblum couldn't appear any
more at ease.

Well-tanned, he strolls into the courtroom wearing polished black loafers and a
custom-tailored black suit. A white handkerchief fashioned into four peaks
protrudes from his breast pocket, and a tightly knotted tie in shades of silver
contrasts with his crisp, white shirt.

What is most obvious, though -- as he scans the courtroom with steady,
heavy-lidded eyes, chats with the court reporter and greets his client just
before the start of closing arguments -- is his steely, seemingly impenetrable
confidence.

On this day, he feels especially assured. The day before, during a
cross-examination of a detective, Rosenblum scored the sort of coup criminal
defense attorneys dream of.

"If you lie under oath as an officer, you know what that is?" he asked the
witness, former Jefferson County sheriff's detective Jeff Munzlinger. "That's
perjury, right?"

"Yes," replied Munzlinger, shortly after denying he made any promises to
Rosenblum's client during the interview that ended with her confession.

Moments later, after intense questioning by Rosenblum, Munzlinger gave a
different story. He acknowledged telling the defendant, Sara Norton, she could
get less time and that he would try to finagle a visit, or more, with her
newborn if she made "the correct statement."

"What did you just call that minutes ago?" Rosenblum asked.

"I," Munzlinger responded, "guess I just ..."

"Committed perjury," the attorney hammered.

"Yeah," Munzlinger said, "I guess I just perjured myself to this whole jury."

It was a moment Rosenblum wouldn't let the officer or the prosecution live down.
It was a moment he revisited and rehashed again and again in his closing
argument. It was a moment that presumably helped convince the jury to declare
Norton not guilty.

And it was a moment that resulted in another successful outcome for a man many
have dubbed the area's top criminal defense attorney.

"At this point, he's the new Charlie Shaw," said St. Louis County Circuit Judge
Steven H. Goldman, referring to the legendary lawyer who died two years ago at
age 79. "He's the pre-eminent criminal defense attorney in St. Louis. I don't
think there's any question about it."

St. Charles County prosecutor Jim Gregory, who has faced Rosenblum a number of
times in court, said Rosenblum is one of two attorneys whose services he would
seek if he ever landed in trouble.

"He's 100 percent," Gregory said.

St. Louis Rams star running back Marshall Faulk, one of Rosenblum's clients and
an occasional Rosenblum trial spectator, said, "He puts everything he has into
every case. People trust in him, basically. You're putting your life in his
hands."

Rosenblum, 45, has defended Rams players and a coach, the son of a former
football Cardinals great and a Missouri Tigers wide receiver. He has taken on
headline grabbers - the cases of a dentist accused of killing his wife, an
investment broker accused of embezzling $4 million from more than 50 investors,
a swindler of symphony musicians, and a county councilman who purloined water
from a fire hydrant to fill his swimming pool.

And he's taken on scads of cases he's pleased to note never received any news
coverage.

Despite his fees - for a murder case he charges from $25,000 to $150,000 - he is
also arguably the busiest private-practice criminal defense attorney around. And
happily so.

"I really love what I do," said Rosenblum, who can't seem to get through a
conversation without several interruptions from his cell phone. "I'm obsessed
with what I do."

Two busy months

Rosenblum has had about 200 jury trials, but he refuses to break down the wins
and losses. Regardless, the success he's enjoyed in the past two trial-packed
months alone is noteworthy:

* On May 12, a jury rejected all six counts of a domestic battery lawsuit
against Faulk. Rosenblum was one of the athlete's attorneys and successful in
his pursuit of a counterclaim that Helen Dunne, the mother of three of Faulk's
children, had abused the legal process.

* On May 20, Rosenblum began his defense of the Rev. Bryan Kuchar in a sexual
abuse case that ended in a mistrial. The jury couldn't agree on six charges of
statutory sodomy alleging that Kuchar, as associate pastor at Assumption
Catholic Church in south St. Louis County in 1995, had molested a 14-year-old
boy.

* On June 3, Norton's trial began. The Cedar Hill woman was charged with
first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the 1997 slaying of Dennis
Corum. Police alleged that Norton killed the man to show her boyfriend that she
and Corum were not romantically involved. A verdict in favor of Norton came down
June 5.

* On June 19, Rosenblum defended Andrew Reynolds of St. Louis in a retrial on
charges of voluntary manslaughter and armed criminal action. Reynolds was
accused in the fatal stabbing of James Lindemann of Crawford County. On June 20,
he was found not guilty.

* On July 3, another mistrial was declared. This time, jurors couldn't come to a
consensus on whether Rosenblum's client, Laura Amrhein of Hamilton, Mo., was
guilty of conspiracy to commit murder. Amrhein was accused of trying to arrange
for Camille Reeder, who at the time lived with Amrhein's husband, to be killed.

* On Monday, he began his defense of Rasheen Johnson of St. Louis on a federal
charge of being a felon in illegal possession of a gun. Once again, the jury
couldn't agree on a verdict, and on Thursday, a mistrial was declared.

The calendar for Rosenblum, partners Joel Schwartz, John Rogers and Jenna Glass,
and four associates shows little time for rest in the months ahead.

The firm is representing Daillyn Pavia of Granite City, a nurse charged with
first-degree murder in the death of a critically ill patient in 2001 at St.
Louis University Hospital; Kurt Fabregas of Wentzville, charged with assault for
allegedly shaking his 14-week-old son and causing permanent neurological damage;
Eric Monroe, a Fenton-area man accused of setting a fire that killed his wife
and stepdaughter; St. Charles 3rd Ward Alderman Michelle Stiens, charged with
leaving the scene of an accident; and Dawan Ferguson, the father of missing
9-year-old Christian Ferguson, although he has not been charged with any crime.

"Follows up every lead"

Rosenblum grew up as one of three children in a family that owned a handbag
manufacturing company in the Washington Avenue garment district. It was a
business whose ups and downs were dictated by the fickle world of fashion, and a
business Rosenblum had no interest in taking up.

In 1979, the Parkway Central grad earned a degree in business administration at
the University of Missouri. After a year off, he began law school at California
Western.

Upon graduating in 1983, Rosenblum was hired to work in the Clayton law firm of
his uncle, Howard Wittner. In 1986, he was made a partner. In 1999, he decided
to strike out on his own.

When asked about Rosenblum, judges and fellow lawyers most often note the extent
to which he prepares.

"He follows up every lead, every witness," said Vanessa Antoniou, who formerly
worked as an associate under Rosenblum. "He may go over a police report 10 times
to find a mistake or a lead."

Faulk didn't hesitate to call Rosenblum, a close friend, for his case - despite
the fact Rosenblum hadn't handled a civil case in 17 years. Rosenblum won the
case with the help of Tom McGee, an attorney versed in civil law.

"A lot of people would take that case and say, 'OK, it's Marshall Faulk. We
probably have a pretty good chance of winning around here.' I have a clean
record, I haven't been one to be in a lot of trouble," said Faulk. "But Scott,
he put in some time."

And the result was something to watch, said Faulk, who compares Rosenblum's
approach to law to his own approach to football.

"You know Michael Jordan is the best and you've watched him on TV," Faulk
explained. "But when you sit down and you watch him on the court, man, it's
different being there. It's different sitting there, watching it. And it's
different when it's your life. It's different when it pertains to you. He's
good."

His family can attest to the time Rosenblum puts into cases and the fact that
his career is ever-present. But they say they've learned to make do.

His mother, Barbara Rosenblum, raves about two months last year when she helped
fill in for her son's secretary, who was on maternity leave.

"Did I do it? Did I love it?" she asks, confessing to checking with her son's
partners to see what he was eating for lunch. "Are you kidding? ... I hated for
her to come back."

Georgeanne Rosenblum, Scott's wife of 17 years, has learned to accept the
constant ringing of his cell phone. Their children, 12-year-old triplets Hayley,
Cole and Alec, and 8-year-old Reed, surround and drape their father during the
pockets of time he's home, and look forward to the annual phone-free vacation he
takes with them to Mexico.

While he's rarely home, the kids are frequent visitors at his law office, where
they busy themselves with a copier, a computer, an old-fashioned typewriter, one
of the partner's candy drawers and another's pinball machine.

"It gets frustrating sometimes, the amount of time, the effort he puts into it,
and we lose from him because of that time," said Georgeanne. "But the time we do
spend with him is always great."

Adds Scott: "My family, I will say, is largely responsible for a good portion of
whatever success I've enjoyed. The fact of the matter is I'm working 24-7 and I
understand that the people I'm representing are in crisis. ... I don't shut
down."

Checks in the system

Rosenblum has his rules.

He never wears a blood-colored tie in a homicide case. He runs every morning,
trial or not. He responds to every phone call and piece of mail, a practice that
often keeps him working until 11 p.m. or later. And, he said, he refuses to
present somebody on the witness stand to lie.

That doesn't mean he won't defend a guilty person, though.

Some of the people whose stories Rosenblum supports, hands he holds and honor he
defends are innocent. Some are not. That, Rosenblum said, is not the issue.

The issue, he says, is about having checks in the system. About not picking and
choosing who is entitled to constitutional protections based on how the case
appears. About holding the state to its burden of proof - even if it means
freeing a guilty person.

"If you start saying, 'OK, ... this person is so obviously guilty that we're
going to dispense with meeting every protection that we put in place to protect
the innocent,' then it's going to break down," he said. "The law is probably put
in place for the very guiltiest of us so that it can protect all of us.

"If they can't get it right, I am proud to walk out of the court with a guilty
person."

This is where Rosenblum, and others in the criminal-defense business, rack up
enemies and naysayers. To many, defending accused rapists, murderers and
molesters is unforgivable.

Once, while at a charity benefit, a woman made a beeline for Rosenblum, told him
she wanted to shake his hand and then "said some rather vile things," the
attorney said. The woman was related to a teenager who had accused a businessman
of having sex with her. With Rosenblum as his attorney, the man was acquitted on
six counts of statutory rape and sodomy.

In May 1999, some of Rosenblum's neighbors in Clayton expressed disdain that he
had defended a middle-school student who had sent a threatening letter to
Clayton Middle School in what appeared to be retaliation for a suspension.

And in Kuchar's recent trial, Rosenblum infuriated members of the Survivors
Network of those Abused by Priests.

"Anyone who can get a hung jury despite a 20-minute taped confession has to be
pretty crafty," said David Clohessy, head of SNAP in St. Louis. "I, of course,
don't know how he can sleep at night."

There are also plenty of clients whose cases didn't turn out as they had hoped.

"He's definitely a good lawyer," St. Louis Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce said.
"But he's lost a lot of cases, too."

Among them, the case of John DeVanny of St. Louis, who was convicted in 1998 of
involuntary manslaughter in a "road rage" accident that killed Jennifer Hywari,
22, of Florissant; Ahmad Adisa, also of St. Louis, convicted last year of
killing professional boxer Ray Lathon in what authorities said was a murder for
hire; and Anthony Payne of Normandy, who was convicted in March in the 1995
killing of Nathaniel Massey, a murder captured partly on videotape.

Rosenblum's greatest naysayer, though, used to work alongside him.

In January 1997, Rosenblum formed a partnership with Brad Kessler, another
successful criminal defense attorney. But the partnership split in April 1998, a
month before a murder trial. At the time, Rosenblum and Kessler were barely
speaking with each other.

Their client, John Winfield, had been accused in the 1996 murders of Arthea
Sanders and Shawnee Murphy. Kessler defended Winfield in the guilt portion of
the trial, and Winfield was convicted. Rosenblum represented him in the penalty
portion, after which the jury recommended a death sentence.

Kessler later maintained that the breakdown with Rosenblum affected Winfield's
case. Kessler testified in a post-trial hearing that Winfield had decided at the
last moment to testify on his own behalf, but that Rosenblum waved off Kessler's
attempt to tell him.

Rosenblum maintains that never happened.

In December, the Missouri Supreme Court said the attorneys had properly
represented Winfield despite their differences.

Kessler remains angry at Rosenblum.

"Because of his narcissistic personality disorder," Kessler fumed, "he's the
first to accept credit, he'll be the last one to accept responsibility."

Responded Rosenblum: "Suffice it to say, we are completely different
personalities and have a different approach to the practice of law. I am very
passionate about the profession, as well as the clients that seek me out to
represent them. I always consider it an honor."

A helping hand

For those who pan Rosenblum, there are plenty of others who revere him.

When Jermaine Wooten of Florissant was 19, he got into trouble with the law. He
was bright and had promise, said Rosenblum, who defended him. So the attorney
suggested Wooten go to law school and offered to hire him if he did.

Wooten, now 31, went on to work for Rosenblum while a student and graduated from
law school in 2001. He will get his law license next July, five years from the
date he was released from probation.

"If it weren't for Scott Rosenblum, I wouldn't have gone to law school," Wooten
said. "I want to be like him."

Michael "Big Man" Powell, 32, hired Rosenblum as his attorney in a 1998 drug
case. After four years in prison, he began doing odd jobs for Rosenblum.

"He keeps me busy, he keeps me away from the illegal life," Powell said. "From
the time I get up to the time I go to bed, he's got me doing something. ... And
he didn't have to do this."

While Rosenblum has represented many people accused of many things, he has
declined cases. But not many.

Years ago, he turned down a case in which a baby was burned. The child was the
same age as Rosenblum's triplets, and it struck a chord. Some child porn cases
have elicited similar responses. But the main reason he has turned down cases,
he said, is because he determined he wasn't the best advocate for those
individuals.

"But frankly," he said, "there are very few cases I would turn down because of
that. I am completely committed. Everybody deserves a right to the best defense
they can get.

"Here's the question: How's it feel if you think the person is guilty and they
walk free? I would think I would feel 10 times better than if I remotely
believed the person was innocent and I had anything to do with locking this
person up. I couldn't live with that. . . .

"I can't think of anything more honorable than what I do."

* * * * * *

The Rosenblum file

Here are some of the cases criminal-defense attorney Scott Rosenblum has
defended in recent years:

John White. The Miamisburg, Ohio, man was acquitted in 1991 of second-degree
murder in the shooting of Jennings police Sgt. Kenneth Koeller four years
earlier.

Dennis Blackman Jr., the son of a St. Louis police captain. Blackman was
convicted of second-degree murder in 1992 in the fatal shooting of St. Louis
County police Officer JoAnn Liscombe in 1991. Prosecuting Attorney Robert P.
McCulloch personally tried the case.

Richard DeCaro. The St. Charles man is serving a life term for conspiring to
have his wife, Elizabeth DeCaro, killed in 1992. Acquitted in St. Charles County
Circuit Court in 1994 (his attorney in that trial was Donald L. Wolff), DeCaro
was found guilty in federal court two years later of conspiracy and murder for
hire.

Matthew Funke. The St. John man already was facing life in prison for one murder
when he faced the death penalty in the 1990 rape and killing of a 12-year-old
Breckenridge Hills girl, Che Sims. He was convicted in 1994 of second-degree
murder instead.

Dr. Joseph Brown. The dentist was acquitted in 1994 in the fatal shooting of his
wife, Suzanne, in Creve Coeur. Brown testified that he thought he was shooting
an intruder when he shot his wife of 26 years in the hallway of their home in
1992.

Dan Dierdorf Jr. The son of former Cardinals football great Dan Dierdorf pleaded
guilty in 1995 to felonious restraint and was sentenced to five years' probation
and 45 days in jail. He was accused of holding a woman at knifepoint and
sexually assaulting her. In exchange for the guilty plea, authorities dropped
two counts of rape, two counts of sodomy and five counts of armed criminal
action.

Rahsetnu Jenkins. The former Missouri Tigers wide receiver pleaded guilty in
1995 to reduced charges of misdemeanor sexual misconduct in the first degree and
misdemeanor third-degree assault. Jenkins had been charged with felony rape and
felony sexual assault.

Keith Bearden. A violin dealer turned swindler, Bearden pleaded guilty in 1997
to 14 counts of wire and mail fraud. The former Shrewsbury shop owner was
accused of stealing cash, rare violins and other instruments from musicians. He
was sentenced to two years in federal prison and was ordered to pay restitution
to 11 victims.

Michael Carson. The former St. Louis police officer was acquitted in 1997 of
rape. Carson had been accused of raping a woman after a traffic stop in 1995.
Rosenblum argued that the woman must have been lying when she claimed she had
not met the officer before the alleged assault. She gave the 911 operator
Carson's first name, but his name tag listed only his last name.

Christopher Santillan. Rosenblum defended Santillan, a former Country Day School
honor student, in a retrial on charges he killed his lifelong friend, Vinay
Singh, in 1992. In the retrial, in 1998, a jury convicted Santillan of
first-degree murder and armed criminal action.

Leonard Little. The Rams defensive player pleaded guilty in 1999 to involuntary
manslaughter in an October 1998 drunken-driving fatality. Killed was Susan
Gutweiler of Oakville. Little was sentenced to 90 nights in jail, four years'
probation and 1,000 hours of community service.

Jim Hanifan. The Rams offensive line coach was charged in September 1999 with
driving while intoxicated. The following spring, he pleaded guilty and was
sentenced to two years' probation with 180 days in jail with a suspended
imposition of sentence.

Paul Henroid. The graduate of Washington University Law School pleaded guilty in
1999 of invasion of privacy after being accused in 1997 of secretly videotaping
women having sex with him, and later showing those tapes to friends. In exchange
for the plea, prosecutors dropped related charges of child abuse and child
pornography.

Guy Westmoreland. The Florissant man was convicted of murder in 2001 for his
role in a conspiracy to have Debra Abeln of Sappington killed in 1997 at a
Cahokia airport. Westmoreland, who operated a cocaine-smuggling ring with
Abeln's husband, Richard Abeln, was sentenced to life in prison without parole.

Arthur G. Stevenson III. A financial adviser from Eureka, Stevenson was accused
of embezzling $4 million from more than 50 investors. He pleaded guilty last
year to one count of mail fraud and one count of embezzling from an employee
benefit plan. He was sentenced to seven years and three months in federal prison
and was ordered to repay his victims.

Tammy Holman. The Festus woman was tried on a charge of first-degree murder in
the death of her husband, Larry Holman, in 2000. After jurors couldn't reach a
verdict in January, she accepted a plea bargain to a conspiracy charge and was
sentenced to seven years in prison. The gunman, Charles Miller of De Soto, said
Tammy Holman had asked him to kill her husband.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Elizabethe Holland:; E-mail: eholland@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-340-8259

CORRECTION-DATE: July 15, 2003



CORRECTION:
The name of attorney Thomas Magee was misspelled in this profile of criminal
defense lawyer Scott Rosenblum.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Color Photo by ANDREW CUTRARO / POST-DISPATCH - Attorney
Scott Rosenblum says, "I'm working 24-7 and I understand that the people I'm
representing are in crisis. ... I don't shut down."; (2) Photo by ANDREW
CUTRARO/POST-DISPATCH - Scott Rosenblum kisses his son Reed, 8, goodbye before
returning to work from his home in Clayton one evening last month. Rosenblum
says that while he's rarely home, his four children are frequent visitors at his
law office.

TYPE: PROFILE; SCOTT ROSENBLUM

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 24, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DIAL IN TO REP PLAY FOR GREAT THEATER

BYLINE: By SCOTT TOPPER For the State Journal

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 498 words


If you're curious to obs erve big-city life with fresh eyes, then go see Madison
Repertory Theatre's giddy production of "Fully Committed" at the Overture
Center's Playhouse. It's a great ride, directed with confident energy and
efficiency by Trevin Gay from a vicious script by Becky Mode. Rarely have I felt
love for our own city as acutely as I did squirming through the delightful
thorns of this play.

"Fully Committed" is a wild menagerie of petty cruelties, set in the brutally
myopic world of one of New York's hottest restaurants. The play centers around
Sam, a struggling actress dropped from Indiana into the unforgiving maw of the
city, and working as the restaurant's reservation phone lackey.

In that position she is sentenced to hours alone in a dingy subterranean storage
space (designed by Stephen Marcus, with worn linoleum and some of the saddest
tinsel ever to bear the lonely burden of holiday dust), chained to the phone and
subjected to whatever abuse and humiliation the restaurant staff and the
name-dropping, $200-a-plate crowd cares to dish.

And they love to dish, in ways as diverse as their characters. There's "Chef,"
known only by his title and his gruff voice, whose rampant egomania finds
expression in his cruel mistreatment of his terrified staff. There's
Jean-Claude, the hysterical and condescending maitre d'; Bob, Sam's gruff and
irresponsible manager; and a bouquet of cut-throat, high-maintenance socialites,
mobsters and "personal assistants" who pull whatever cards they can to finagle a
table.

The magic of the performance is that this is a one-woman play - all of these
characters are played by one actress, Amy J. Carle, who is either a comic wizard
or beautifully, certifiably insane. She blasts through 40 personas in less than
90 minutes, often with two or three shouting at each other at a pace that would
leave multiple actors breathless. Somehow, almost unbelievably, Carle can evoke
different people and places with great clarity, and all at once.

The structure of the play is classic fairytale - the servant girl descends to
the realms of deepest humiliation to learn the lessons of the damned. It's a
"Cinderella-finds-her-inner-beauty" kind of thing, except this is cynical New
York, so in this case the Midwestern transplant discovers her inner "Sense of
Entitlement." She learns the play's "lesson" - use what you've got to get what
you can - and transforms from the perennially put-upon into a wily Machiavellian
player in her own right. Forgive us, but we love her for it.

This is a wonderful production and you should try to get a seat. And here's a
tip. If it's sold out, just pretend that box office lost your reservation and
shout like crazy until they fit you in. Apparently, in New York, that's how it's
done.

"Fully Committed" runs at 7:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays; 4 and 8
p.m. Saturdays; and 2 p.m. Sundays through Oct. 5 in Overture Center's
Playhouse. For tickets, go to www.overturecenter.com or call 258-4141.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVE APPS State Journal Amy Carle plays 40 characters in Madison
Repertory Theatre's "Fully Committed," playing at Overture Center's Playhouse.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             June 30, 2009 Tuesday

Imagining all the fun

BYLINE: By ADAM TOWNSEND, The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 988 words



HIGHLIGHT: Walt Disney hired Bobby Gurr to dream up big parts of Disneyland.


Bobby Gurr spent most of his time in the early 1950s cruising for an angle.

A skinny Horatio Alger with a flat-top, khakis and black horn-rimmed glasses, he
floated around Detroit and Los Angeles banking on smarts, guts and luck to get
him ahead. He patterned his look after Jack Webb, the tough cop in the TV show
"Dragnet," wearing his white dress shirts with the sleeves rolled up.

He was always under the hood of a car - his was a yellow Cadillac convertible.

It helped that Gurr was no slouch as a mechanic. At 23 he had already written a
couple of books on industrial design, dreaming up auto bodies for Ford Motor Co.
and working for a design firm.

"I knew what I was doing," he says. "I was in charge."

He didn't figure it at the time, but Gurr would be the brains behind some of the
most iconic structures and machines in the modern world.

In 1954, another bootstraps capitalist was in the process of pouring obscene
loads of cash into an idea that everyone around him thought was a boondoggle.

The capitalist was Walt Disney, and the idea was Disneyland.

And while Disney was a rich guy, his resources weren't unlimited. To make his
theme park, he needed dozens of unique components for rides and attractions that
no one had ever thought of before. The materials and expertise for that weren't
cheap.

That's why Disney took a trip to the Art Center College in L.A. - Gurr's alma
mater - to see if he couldn't finagle the headmaster into getting his industrial
design students to create a car ride for his park, free of charge.

Disney struck out.

But, through sheer luck, the day after Disney's visit, Gurr was back at the
school, listening to a lecture by a prominent designer. And the school's job
placement adviser, Johnny Thompson, approached Gurr after the lecture to tell
him that Disney had been around, seeking someone to design an auto body for an
amusement-park ride, something called "Autopia."

"Do you ever do outside work?" Thompson asked Gurr.

Gurr, at that point, had not.

"Yeah, sure I do," Gurr told the adviser.

"I met this fella who had a sudden need for a designer ... ."

The next day, Disney Studios called Gurr and told him to show up in Burbank in
20 minutes.

Walt Disney picked Gurr's brain a little and then assigned the young man his
first job - designing a body for the prototype Autopia car. Gurr took a look at
the little putt-putter Walt's mechanic had cobbled together out of spare parts.
You could drive it around the parking lot out back.

He started designing a new body at night, in his one-room apartment in Studio
City, with a big picture window overlooking the San Fernando Valley.

After two weeks, Gurr took another big gamble: He ditched his job at the design
firm, bought a rubber stamp that said "R.H. Gurr Industrial Design," and
declared himself CEO of his own business. His sole client? WED Enterprises,
Disney's private company designing Disneyland.

After two months as a contractor, Disney offered to hire Gurr on as a staffer.

"Bobby," he said, "I've got a lot more things for you to design. How soon can
you come over here and be an employee?"

It wasn't an easy call.

"Disneyland was such a radical new idea," Gurr said. "Why would anyone come over
from a good career?"

Gurr made the leap, though. Soon he was the youngest guy working in the famous
"Zorro Building," a rickety, white stucco structure Disney had hauled to Burbank
all the way from his old Los Angeles studio.

The tall, steel casement windows hung open in the summer, filling the sweaty
building with smog as the ragtag crew inside fiddled with model trains and
automobiles.

Once he designed the body for the Autopia ride, Gurr was just expected to design
the mechanical parts.

After that, it was "Hey Bobby, we want an Omnibus," or "Hey Bobby, how about a
firetruck?"

Was it nerve-wracking learning, on the job, how to be a mechanical engineer?
Being the youngest working with storied engineers and famous
animators/designers?

No way, says Bobby Gurr.

Really? It was Walt Disney - he'd been the most famous guy in America since
1928.

Well, Gurr says now, one part was a little awkward.

"I didn't like the name 'Bobby.' It made me seem like a little kid in front of
the guys," Gurr said. "But Walt had his names for everybody."

Gurr said he never picked up a book to learn his profession, either. He
schmoozed the parts guys at Pep Boys so they'd let him poke around in back. He
spent his lunches fooling around under cars in the WED parking lot, or chatting
up the guys at the junkyard, looking for parts.

"There wasn't really anything intimidating about learning all this stuff,
because your learning curve is constantly developing," Gurr said. "Walt had the
ability to figure out what a person could do, even if they had never done it
before. It was almost a sixth sense."

That's why Gurr didn't balk when he had to teach himself trigonometry. He'd need
that math as he designed the famous Matterhorn Bobsleds roller coaster, the
Submarines and the Monorail.

He also needed it when Disney called on him to help create the most ambitious
project of all: A moving, talking replica of a human being, The Amazing Mr.
Lincoln.

The Matterhorn, Monorail and Submarines all turned 50 this month, and Bob Gurr
is 76. He lives in a house in Tujunga with stunning views of the canyon and tons
of memorabilia from Disney and the non-Disney attractions he's designed over the
years, for example a 30-foot King Kong for Universal Studios and a UFO for the
Olympics opening ceremony.

The smart kid who worked all the angles is retired now. As Gurr remembers it, at
the time it was happening none of his accomplishments or advancements seemed out
of the ordinary.

"If, when I was 27 and we were opening the Matterhorn, someone came up to me and
said, 'Hey, Bub, you're going to have to live another 50 years so some guy from
the newspaper can ask you questions about this,' I wouldn't have believed it."



CONTACT: 714-704-3706 or atownsend@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bob Gurr wasn't just a Disney hired hand. Among other theme-park
projects, he helped develop the 30-foot-tall King Kong robot for the Universal
Studios Backlot Tour in 1986.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             May 30, 2007 Wednesday

Au Revoir, Les Americains

BYLINE: TOM PERROTTA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 912 words

DATELINE: PARIS


America's tennis stars have outdone themselves at this year's French Open. Ever
vulnerable on clay, our men yesterday redefined ineptitude at Roland Garros.
Nine of them took the court, and eight of them lost. Darkness spared them the
ultimate embarrassment of a nine up, nine down sweep, when Robby Ginepri's match
with Diego Hartfield was halted at one set each. Even if Ginepri wins today,
this will rank as the worst performance by Americans here in the Open Era, which
began in 1968.

Michael Russell was the first to go, but he couldn't be blamed for losing to
Roger Federer, the world no. 1 who is looking to win this tournament to complete
his collection of Grand Slam titles. No one could fault Justin Gimelstob, a
30-year-old who had back surgery last year and is nearing the end of his career.
Same for Amer Delic, the former University of Illinois standout who was playing
his first match at Roland Garros, and Sam Querrey, another first timer at age
19. Vince Spadea and Robert Kendrick were hardly favorites, either.

The same cannot be said for Andy Roddick and James Blake, seeded no. 3 and no. 8
respectively. Neither man faced an easy firstround opponent, but their draws,
overall, were quite good. This is a major tournament, after all. One can't
expect a free ride. This was as good a year as any, and perhaps better than
most, for an American to finagle his way into the second week of this event, if
not contend for a title.

Roddick, at least, shouldn't be disgusted with his performance. He's had many a
grim moment at this tournament, most of them on the Suzanne Lenglen court, where
he played yesterday. Last year, he limped around on a bad ankle before retiring
in the first round. The year before, he relinquished a two-sets-to-love lead in
the second round against Jose Acasuso, an Argentine whose booming serve and big
forehand are better suited to hard courts than clay. He lost in the first round
in 2002 and 2003, and the second round in 2004. Before his first-round match
against Igor Andreev yesterday, Roddick had a 4-6 career record at Roland
Garros, compared to 71-18 at the other three majors.

Roddick said he felt different this time. But the result was the same on a cool,
and for the first time, dry, afternoon in Paris. Andreev cranked up his forehand
after falling behind 6-4, 4-2 - he hit a beauty down the line while sliding off
the court to earn his first break of the match - and dominated rallies the rest
of the way, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4.

Roddick didn't lack energy, nor did he play like he didn't care, and he let
everyone know this when he yelled, in the fourth set, "I f---do, okay, I
promise. I'm playing my ass off here."

He wasn't lying. For almost three hours, the 24-year-old American scrambled and
lunged for balls out of his reach. If anything, he might have tried too hard: At
times, he seemed to choke his racket and take the tense cuts one would expect
from a body builder, not a limber tennis player (racket speed is not about
muscle - just take a look at Roger Federer's biceps). Roddick couldn't put the
ball by Andreev. Most of his serves were returned, and he ended the match with
only a few forehand winners and just five aces. Andreev smacked 38 forehands out
of Roddick's reach and aced him eight times. He beat Roddick in overall winners
66 to 19.

The lowest moment came in the fourth set, when Roddick had a break point to pull
even at 3-3. He found his way to the net after barely reaching a backhand, only
to hit a weak swinging forehand volley that Andreev, trapped in the forecourt,
flicked crosscourt with his backhand for a winner. As time ran out, Roddick's
coach, Jimmy Connors, one of the greatest clay-court players of his day, looked
on in disbelief, often shaking his head.

Andreev's free-swinging inspired many of the nods. If the gangly 23-year-old
Russian's broad shoulders, long arms, and flowing blonde hair make him seem
awkward, trust that he's no slouch, especially on clay. Before Federer defeated
Rafael Nadal (who advanced to the second round yesterday) in Hamburg last week,
Andreev had been the last man to send the Spaniard home without a trophy. That
was in Valencia in 2005, about a year before Andreev had surgery on his left
knee that sidelined him for six months. His ranking, once as high as no. 24, has
fallen to no. 125 (he's playing in Paris with a protected ranking of no. 27).

The Russian missed several chances in the first set yesterday, including a 0-40
advantage in Roddick's second service game. But his forehand on break point in
the second set turned the match in his favor. Roddick was steady at the start,
and Andreev was mediocre. Roddick was steady the rest of the way, and Andreev
was stellar.

On Court 2, Blake was stumped by Ivo Karlovic, the 6-foot-10-inch Croat whose
serve, a jolt delivered from the heavens, does damage no matter the surface.
Karlovic put 69% of his first serves in play, and Blake converted just one of
his five break points in the first two sets. He couldn't produce another chance
in the last two frames and lost 4-6, 6-4, 7-5, 7-5. He said Karlovic kept him
from finding a rhythm.

"It's not a normal clay court match by any sense," Blake said. "I don't get a
chance to get in the points."

No chance for Blake, no chance for Roddick, no chance, once again, for Americans
in Paris. Roddick and Blake said they'll be back next year, and there's no
reason they shouldn't perform better. Then again, things couldn't get much
worse.

tperrotta@nysun.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 5, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1031 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1  THE CLOSERS (Warner,                           4
    $7.99). By Michael
    Connelly After two
   years of retirement,
  Harry Bosch returns to
   the LAPD in its new
     cold-case unit.
2   THE BROKER (Dell,                            13
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
3  GILEAD (Picador USA,                           6
    $14). By Marilynne
   Robinson An elderly
   minister, in failing
   health, reflects on
  his enduring faith and
   a lifetime spent in
   the same Iowa town.
4      SKELETON MAN                               4
   (HarperTorch, $7.99)
    By Tony Hillerman.
   Leaphorn & Chee hunt
  for diamonds lost in a
   1956 plane collision
  over the Grand Canyon.
5  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                           15
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
6   HONEYMOON (Warner,                            7
    $13.95). By James
    Patterson & Howard
  Roughan. An FBI agent
  suspects the alluring
   fiancée in a wealthy
     banker's death.
7    THE KITE RUNNER                             72
   (Riverhead, $14) By
   Khaled Hosseini. An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
      to atone for a
   childhood betrayal.
8    THE THIRD SECRET                             4
   (Ballantine, $7.99).
    By Steve Berry The
     final mystery of
   Fatima -- which Pope
  John Paul II revealed
  in 2000 -- may be more
      than it seems.
9  ROBERT LUDLUM'S THE                            2
    MOSCOW VECTOR (St.
   Martin's, $7.99). By
    Patrick Larkin. A
   toxin targeting DNA
   aids Russia's bid to
  regain lost territory.
1   IMPOSSIBLE (Dell,                             4
0  $7.99). By Danielle
  Steel The owner of an
   influential gallery
   begins a tempestuous
  affair with a younger,
    somewhat Bohemian
         artist.
    Nonfiction/General
1  NIGHT (FSG, $9). By                           14
  Elie Wiesel The Nobel
  laureate's terrifying
      account of his
    experience in Nazi
  camps during World War
           II.
2     IN COLD BLOOD                              18
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
      reportage and
   fictional techniques
  made this account of a
     grisly murder an
     instant classic.
3    A MILLION LITTLE                            22
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  Billed as a memoir of
   addiction recovery,
  the author now admits
   to embellishing his
          tale.
4     COLLAPSE: HOW                               9
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
5 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         60
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
6   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             9
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
7       ANIMALS IN                                4
  TRANSLATION: USING THE
  MYSTERIES OF AUTISM TO
  DECODE ANIMAL BEHAVIOR
    (Harvest, $15) By
    Temple Grandin and
    Catherine Johnson
8 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         101
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
9    THE GLASS CASTLE                             1
    (Scribner, $14) By
    Jeanette Walls. A
   daughter's memoir of
  her eccentric parents
    and the unorthodox
      upbringing she
        survived.
1 FLYBOYS: A TRUE STORY                           2
0  OF COURAGE (Little,
    Brown, $7.99). By
    James Bradley. The
    dire captivity of
   eight American POWs
     held by Japanese
         forces.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1    THE 5TH HORSEMAN                             2
     (Little, Brown,
     $27.95) By James
   Patterson and Maxine
    Paetro. Patients'
   puzzling deaths at a
    hospital suggest a
    ruthless murderer.
2    CELL (Scribner,                              5
   $26.95). By Stephen
   King A mind-altering
        pulse sent
  simultaneously via all
     mobile phones in
    America turns its
     recipients into
         zombies.
3   THE TEMPLAR LEGACY                            1
   (Ballantine, $24.95)
  By Steve Berry. An ex-
   Justice Deptartment
    agent spars with a
   lethal Templar order
      seeking a lost
         archive.
4   THE DA VINCI CODE                            100
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
       a murderer.
5  THE OLD WINE SHADES                            1
   (Viking, $25.95) By
  Martha Grimes. Richard
  Jury is intrigued when
   a family vanishes --
  but their dog returns
    nine months later.
6    THE LAST TEMPLAR                             5
   (Dutton, $24.95) By
     Raymond Khoury.
    Modern-day zealots
     from the Knights
    Templar hunt for a
    treasure not seen
       since 1291.
7 IN THE COMPANY OF THE                           2
    COURTESAN (Random
    House, $23.95). By
  Sarah Dunant A woman's
  troubles and triumphs
  in Renaissance Venice.
8  THE TWO MINUTE RULE                            1
    (Simon & Schuster,
    $24.95) By Robert
    Crais. Max, a bank
    robber on parole,
   turns to the fed who
    nabbed him to help
    solve Max's son's
         murder.
9  SEA CHANGE (Putnam,                            3
  $24.95). By Robert B.
    Parker Small-town
   Mass. sheriff Jesse
     Stone probes the
   murder of a visiting
   Florida heiress with
    some kinky sexual
          whims.
1   THE MARCH (Random                             7
0 House, $25.95) By E.L.
      Doctorow. Gen.
    Tecumseh Sherman's
  slash and burn through
     Georgia and the
  Carolinas in the Civil
           War.
    Nonfiction/General
1 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                          11
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
2  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          46
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
3 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          45
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
4  MANHUNT: THE 12-DAY                            3
   CHASE FOR LINCOLN'S
     KILLER (Morrow,
   $26.95). By James L.
   Swanson. John Wilkes
   Booth's sensational,
   elusive flight from
     Washington, D.C.
5  YOU'RE WEARING THAT?                           5
  UNDERSTANDING MOTHERS
     AND DAUGHTERS IN
   CONVERSATION (Random
    House, $25.95). By
      Deborah Tannen
6  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           20
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
7  NIGHT (FSG, $19.95).                           4
      By Elie Wiesel
  Wiesel's memoir of the
      Holocaust -- a
     wrenching act of
  witness -- is the new
   selection of Oprah's
        Book Club.
8  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                           13
   POLITICAL GENIUS  OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
9  BLINK: THE POWER OF                           45
     THINKING WITHOUT
    THINKING (Little,
    Brown, $25.95). By
   Malcolm Gladwell The
    complex psychology
     behind our snap
        decisions.
1 JAWBREAKER: THE ATTACK 1Rankings reflect sales for the week ended Feb. 26,
0  ON BIN LADEN AND  AL    2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
  QAEDA (Crown, $25.95). permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2006
     By Gary Bernsten        by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
  Firsthand revelations    italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
     from a CIA field    which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004. The
        commander.       advice/miscellaneous list below reflects sales from
                                        1/30/06 to 2/26/06.)

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday
                               TUE FINAL Edition

Oseason goal is to determine how best to spend $20 million

BYLINE: Christopher Dempsey

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 421 words


The Nuggets are in good position to offer a big contract to a free agent this
summer, but they're not in great position. And they are in no position to offer
two contracts worth more than $10 million unless they seriously finagle some
things.

So, if you want to project what they might do in the summer, follow the money.

All of this is based on a $92 million salary cap, which is the projection that
USA Today reported after obtaining an NBA memo sent to all teams alerting them
to next season's estimated cap and tax for planning purposes.

The Nuggets will start from a floor of $19,412,997 of cap space. Here's how they
got to that number.

Their all inclusive salary for next season, according to Basketball Insiders, is
$62,099,003. All inclusive means the figure includes all guaranteed contracts
plus players with options, and also counts nonguaranteed salaries. So, it
applies to anyone on the team with a contract that carries over in some fashion
to next season.

Next, add in "cap holds," which is the space free agents count against the
salary cap until they are signed, whether by the Nuggets or anyone else or
renounced.

The Nuggets have two such players point guard D.J. Augustin and forward Mike
Miller. They account for $4.8 million against the cap. The only way the Nuggets
can get out from under those holds immediately is by renouncing them, meaning
they give up the right to sign either of them with so called Larry Bird, Early
Bird or Non Bird exceptions.

Finally, there are the first round pick placeholders. The Nuggets have three
this year due to their selections, which are Nos. 7, 15 and 19. The combined
first year salaries for all three comes in at $5.688 million.

Add it up, and it's a grand total of $72,587,003 in already committed salary,
which leaves the starting number, $19,412,997, of cap space to work with.

That won't max out a star player.

So, immediately, one thing is certain: If the Nuggets want to take a max
contract swing at any player assuming a $92 million cap, they're going to have
to clear space to at least $22 million. And that will only get them into the
game with free agents of zero to six years of experience (called Tier 1 free
agents) such as Washington's Bradley Beal and Golden State's Harrison Barnes.
Getting to stars such as Toronto's DeMar DeRozan, those in the seven to nine
year range of experience (Tier 2 free agents), comes with a max price tag of
$25.9 million. Maxing out a veteran of 10 or more years of experience (Tier 3
free agents) bumps the cost to $30.2 million.

LOAD-DATE: June 03, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Connelly

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

Studying best tool for novice blackjack players

BYLINE: Mark Gruetze

LENGTH: 812 words


New gamblers can give themselves a better chance in the casino if they take the
time to learn their game, a national gambling expert says.

"People have to do some sort of study," Anthony Curtis, publisher of Huntington
Press and LasVegasAdvisor.Com, told Player's Advantage in a one-on-one interview
at his Las Vegas office.

Anthony Curtis

"Going in there and playing by the seat of your pants isn't going to get it. You
will play below optimal, and you will lose more money than you ought to for that
brand of entertainment."

Curtis, 53, won hundreds of thousands of dollars as a professional blackjack
player before starting a monthly newsletter spotlighting Las Vegas bargains and
gambling news. Huntington Press publishes a variety gambling-related books.

Curtis applauded Pennsylvania's blackjack rules, especially the Gaming Control
Board's stipulation that blackjacks -- an ace and a face card dealt or 10 on the
player's first two cards -- be paid at 3-to-2 (for example, $15 on a $10 bet).
In many Vegas casinos and elsewhere, some games pay 6-to-5 on a blackjack ($12
for a $10 bet).

The 3-to-2 requirement recognizes that casinos could finagle with the game,
Curtis said.

"Six-to-five is kind of insidious. It's damaging," he said. "But believe it or
not, because of the math weakness among most people, they really don't see the
difference (with the lower payout). It's almost a hidden take, and it's not
good."

He advised new players to read up on their favorite games and understand the
strategy. That's especially important in blackjack. A player willing to put in a
little bit of study can cut the house advantage to less than 0.4 percent with
Pennsylvania's rules.

Curtis said the first step in learning basic strategy takes about 10 minutes. It
involves following a handful of elementary rules:

o Players should hit low totals -- 12 through 16 -- when the dealer shows a 7 or
higher.

o Players should stand on those totals when the dealer shows a 2 through 6.

o Always double on 11.

o Double on 10 if the dealer shows 9 or less.

o Always split 8s and Aces.

Learning the more detailed aspects of basic strategy takes six to eight hours of
"diligent study," he said.

Several books, websites and software programs offer instruction on basic
strategy.

o Player's Advantage published a strategy chart for Pennsylvania games on July
17.

o Jeff Pepper, CEO of Touchtown Inc. in Oakmont, designed a basic strategy card
available through WizardofOdds.com.

o The main page of WizardOfOdds.com has a strategy guide. Another is available
through bj21.com, a site run by blackjack author and publisher Stanford Wong.

o Some casinos sell basic strategy cards. They're usually accurate, but players
should compare them with the ones at websites for blackjack players.

o Among the dozens of good books explaining basic strategy are "Gambling 102" by
Michael Shackleford (the "Wizard of Odds"), "Blackjack: A Winner's Handbook" by
Jerry Patterson; and "Knock-Out Blackjack" by Olaf Vancura and Ken Fuchs.

o Good computer training programs include "Blackjack 6-7-8" and "Casino Verite."

What does it hurt if I play blackjack without using basic strategy?

Nothing but your bankroll. A study by late blackjack mathematician Peter Griffin
found that players who don't use basic strategy play about 1.4 percent below
optimal. That means the house edge for those players increases from a little
less than 0.4 percent in Pennsylvania to almost 1.8 percent.

"That's brutal," publisher and blackjack expert Anthony Curtis said. "You're
giving up five times, almost, what you needed to."

The house edge measures how much, on average, a player should expect to lose. A
blackjack player who bets $10 a hand and plays 60 hands an hour puts about $600
at risk every hour. A 0.4 percent house edge means an average loss of $2.40 per
hour; a 1.7 percent house edge means an average loss of $10.20 per hour.

House edges

Three-Card Poker has a house edge of 5.32 percent, according to
WizardOfOdds.com. That's based on betting equal amounts on the ante and the
"pairs plus" bet.

Texas Hold 'Em Bonus has a house edge of 2.03 percent, WizardOfOdds.com says.

For comparison, the house edge is 5.24 percent in roulette and about 1.4 percent
in craps.

Money trail

Slot machine players wagered $601 million at the state's nine casinos in the
week ending July 25, with the casinos posting gross revenue of $45.2 million,
the Gaming Control Board said. Gross slot machine revenue for Western
Pennsylvania casinos:

$4.8 M: Rivers, on wagers of $63.9 million

$5.2 M: The Meadows, on wagers of $68.9 million

$3.7 M: Presque Isle in Erie, on wagers of $54.4 million

Figures on table game revenue won't be available until late August, a board
spokesman said.

Poker bad-beat jackpots

Mountaineer casino in Chester, W.Va.: $42,164 as of Thursday.

Wheeling Island, W.Va.: $94,152 as of Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            May 25, 2000, Thursday,

COMPANY CONNECTIONS

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 8B, COMPANY CONNECTIONS

LENGTH: 268 words


William J. Ryan, chairman, president and CEO of Banknorth Group Inc., Portland,
and Lyndel J. Wishcamper, president and chairman of Wishcamper Properties Inc.,
have been inducted into Junior Achievement's Maine Business Hall of Fame. The
Maine Business Hall of Fame honors business leaders who have made a significant
contribution to Maine's economy and its sense of community.

Community Pharmacies has opened a 6,000-square-foot store in Raymond Shopping
Center. The store is the ninth for the Maine-based group of pharmacies. Founded
in 1998, it's overseen by a management team of pharmacists.

The MIT Club of Maine, in cooperation with the Center for Entrepreneurship and
Small Business of the University of Southern Maine and the University of Maine
System Network, is sponsoring a free satellite broadcast featuring five
entrepreneurs. The conference will take place from 7 to 9 p.m. next Wednesday at
the Augusta campus in Katz Library Room 53; the Bangor campus at Bangor Hall,
Room 101; the Portland campus at Payson-Smith Hall, rooms 306 and 304; and the
Presque Isle campus at Pullen Hall, Room 213.

The panelists will be Alain Hanover, president of InCert Software Corporation;
Jonathan Seelig, a founder of Akamai Technologies; Laura Beth Trust, the owner
of a chain of Finagle a Bagel restaurants; and Frank Zenie, chairman of Velquest
Corporation and a senior lecturer at the MIT Sloan School of Management. To
register call 839-8069 or e-mail rlindqu1@maine.rr.com.

To submit an item about your company or organization, e-mail the information to:
business@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 26, 1983, Monday, Final Edition

SEC Deregulation Gives Top Brass A License to Steal

BYLINE: By Jerry Knight, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Washington Business; Monday Morning; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 810 words


In the name of deregulation, the Securities and Exchange Commission last
Thursday gave corporate executives a license to steal.

You can pad your paycheck with perquisites and you don't have to tell the
stockholders, unless the freebies add up to more than 10 percent of your pay,
the SEC decided.

Country club dues, a corporate hideaway, a company car or any little fringe
benefit you can finagle can be yours and the folks who invested in the company
will never know, the commission told Wall Street. Disclosure rules in effect
since 1978 were canceled, effective immediately.

We're not doing this to save executives the embarrassment of having their
off-the-books benefits disclosed to the stockholders, the five SEC members
chorused unanimously. We're doing this to save money for the company and to save
time for investors.

Think of how much money businesses have wasted telling stockholders about the
extracurricular benefits paid to executives. All the wear and tear on adding
machines to total up the club dues, the chauffeur's salary, the monthly Mercedes
payments. To say nothing of the outrageous cost of shrinking those numbers into
flea-size type and hiding them amongst the footnotes in reports to stockholders.
Think of how much time stockholders wasted reading those footnotes.

By the logic of the SEC, the untold hundreds of dollars saved by not disclosing
details of executive compensation will no doubt be invested in capital
equipment, new factories and new research that eventually will trickle down into
jobs for unemployed. (If you believe that, I've got a supply-side tax cut to
sell you.)

The sad reality is that any piddling savings from weakening the reporting
requirements will be more than offset by the new perquisites that are likely to
be paid as the result of the new policy.

Anyone who understands the workings of regulations knows what happens when the
government establishes a threshold for the enforcement of any rule--all the
action tends to take place right outside the door.

By requiring companies to report executive fringe benefits that amount to more
than 10 percent of cash compensation (or $25,000 a year, which ever is less),
the SEC has created a free fire zone. Anything up to 10 percent is unreported,
unregulated and usually untaxed.

Back in the days when perks had to be reported to the stockholders, many
executives hesitated to ask for them. Board members and top management
understand that a lot of stockholders resent imperial executives.

It doesn't look good to give an interest-free mortgage to a $100,000-a-year vice
president, to subsidize country club dues for people who can afford to pay their
own greens fees or to lease a Lincoln for the boss.

As even the five SEC members must understand, any disincentive for digression
was destroyed by the 10 percent threshhold. The threshold becomes a ceiling for
unreported income. The first 10 percent is free. You can drive a mighty long
gravy train through that loophole.

Executives of the old Auto-Train Corp. got away with giving themselves a private
railroad car as a perk back in the days before the Carter administration
demanded disclosure of freebies.

Perks weren't what derailed Auto-Train, but they certainly were a symptom of its
problems. Investors began to lose faith in the management of the railroad when
someone leaked information about the private car, the Mercedes and the Jaguar
provided the president and the condominium in Florida shared by the top brass.
The people who wound up holding worthless Auto-Train stock might not have
invested in the company if they'd known how high on the hog the executives were
eating.

The Auto-Train affair ought to show the SEC members they are wrong if they think
that allowing executives to hide their fringe benefits is going to help avoid
scandals. If anything, it will create more petty backbiting about the propriety
of particular perquisites. Dirty little leaks will replace routine disclosure.
The corporate gadflies will feast on the droppings.

Disclosure of compensation keeps executives honest. It discourages dubious
expenditures, holds down costs and increases profits. It provides investors with
valuable information about a company's management. What better arguments could
there be for continuing to require disclosure?

Surely the cost of reporting compensation cannot outweigh these benefits.

Disregarding the deterrent effect of disclosure, the SEC action ignores the
principle that stockholders should be given as much information as possible so
they can make intelligent investment decisions. Just as democracy depends on an
informed electorate, Wall Street depends on informed investors.

The SEC decision to let companies hide perks from their shareholders is a
telling commentary on the Reagan administration's regard for the public's right
to know.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 16, 2006 Monday

Financial betrayal puts marriage on the rocks

BYLINE: HARRIETTE COLE

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 438 words


Dear Harriette: After trying to refinance our home, I discovered my husband went
behind my back and co-signed a house for his sister. Apart from the betrayal, I
also felt like a fool. To make matters worse, his sister has missed several
payments. My only option right now is to get a divorce and move on with our
kids. He has lived in the basement since I found out. I work part time, and
money is a big issue for me. Please help.

-- G., Queens, N.Y.

Dear G.: Before you move out and file divorce papers, meet with a financial
adviser. You have every right to feel betrayed, but this sole action does not
have to mark the end of your marriage. With a counselor, discuss your overall
finances and how each of you has handled your responsibilities. Ask your husband
to explain his behavior, including why he didn't consult you before agreeing to
support his sister. Find out from the counselor whether there is any way you and
your husband can be freed from your sister's financial burden.

The nature of co-signing is that both parties are held responsible for the debt.
People seek co-signers because they don't have good enough credit to be eligible
for a loan on their own. That should have raised a red flag for your husband. He
may not be able to finagle his way out of this situation. If not, perhaps the
consultant can help him figure out a solution, which may even include selling
that property.

If you determine other factors are contributing to your belief that you want out
of the marriage, do your best to become financially free of your husband's debt.
Unfortunately, although you may no longer live with him, you may stay attached
to him for years.

Dear Harriette: I totally forgot to call my neighbor for her birthday. I was
super-busy at work, and time slipped by. What's worse: She had invited me to
come to dinner at her house on that evening with a small group of friends, and I
forgot. I know, it's horrible. And when I called her, she accepted my apology,
but I could tell she was hurt.

I don't quite know what to do. I'm in a new job, and it's incredibly demanding.
I try to be there for everyone, but right now I'm not doing such a good job. How
can I make it up to her?

-- Linda, St. Paul

Dear Linda: Take a deep breath. Quietly reassess your life and your priorities.
Start keeping a written calendar listing all your responsibilities -- personal
and professional. Be realistic about what you can handle and be proactive when
you have to break an engagement.

Offer to share a drink or meal with your neighbor soon. Don't use the time to
make excuses. Just be with her!

Send questions to askharriette @harriettecole.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 17, 2005 Saturday

Don't get taken for a free ride;
Offers will ask you to commit to products

BYLINE: By Bernadette Sedillos Self

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1366 words


El Paso Times

If you spend even a small amount of time on the Internet, chances are you've
seen these most alluring of items.

No, we're not talking about porn sites, though these other creatures of the
Internet inspire a kind of lust. We're talking about pop-ups proclaiming "Free
laptop!" or "Free iPod" and even "Free 42-inch plasma TV."

Like the Sirens' song, these ads become extra attractive during the holiday
season, offering a variety of pricey freebies.

But are they really free?

Remember that the Sirens in Homer's classic tale, "The Odyssey," weren't
planning to whisper sweet nothings into the ears of Ulysses and his mesmerized
crew.

They were trying to lure them to leap into the sea, to be drowned.

The analogy with the so-called free offers isn't far off.

Consumers who sign up may feel -- after the excitement of trying to get
something free wears off -- as if they're drowning in costly commitments.

"The Number 1 thing to understand with these or similar offers is that there is
no free lunch," said Margaret Perez, president of the Better Business Bureau of
El Paso.

"Your parents were right: You really can't get something for nothing," she said.
"Think about it: Nobody sends you a brand-new laptop computer or other valuable
items for absolutely nothing. There's going to be something they want from you."

Oh, and if you're thinking you can finagle a big freebie -- plasma TV or game
box -- in time for Christmas, forget it.

The experiment

In an attempt to determine how these so-called free deals work, and what kinds
of commitments are required, this reporter "signed up" for a free Gateway
computer laptop.

The pop-up ad accessed was one attached a couple of weeks ago to the El Paso
Times Web site, www.elpasotimes.com. The advertisement, also a pop-up ad on many
other newspaper Web sites, was offered through ConsumerGain.com.

The company explains, in the frequently asked questions, or FAQs, area, that
it's able to offer free items such as laptops and TVs because the advertisers
participating in the promotion have grouped with others to pay for them.

Thanks to help from the BBB's Perez, the company was determined to be a part of
Go Daddy Software Inc., an advertising business headquartered in the Phoenix
area.

To be honest, though, I signed up for the laptop before checking with the Better
Business Bureau.

That was Mistake No. 1.

"Always, always know who you're dealing with before you commit to anything,"
Perez said. "Find out if it's a reputable company. Find out who it is or what
other company it might be affiliated with."

One way to do that is to access domain names at www.better whois.com. The site
tells what company owns a domain name, and gives a physical address.

"Most people don't know this," Perez said, adding that the BBB stands ready to
offer information on such matters.

"I've seen those (ads), but I figured that it was a gimmick or a scam, so I
didn't sign up for it," said Randy Delgado of West- Central El Paso, who was
filling up his gas tank on Mesa. "Yeah, they have caught my attention, but who
knows? It seems too risky."

Signing up for such offers can indeed be risky, because not all offers may be
legitimate, Perez said.

Some unscrupulous Internet scammers will copy logos from real business groups
and paste them onto their sites. If you see a BBB logo on any business site,
Perez recommends, click on the logo. If it's real, it should take you to the
BBB's site.

Consumers can check a company's complaint record through www.bbb.org.

In a matter of minutes, Perez was able to find that Go Daddy Software Inc. is a
member of the BBB. Then she discovered that 290 complaints had been filed
against the company.

"That probably would scare me off," Perez said. "But the report shows that they
resolved all of the complaints. That's good. One thing to consider is that 290
complaints may be a small amount if a company is dealing with thousands of
transactions. You've just got to be careful."

The fact that a company is a BBB member in good standing is no guarantee you'll
get your goody.

First, know from the get-go that it can take several months before the item is
sent. One reason is that each of the companies with whom you sign up for a
product or a service has to report back to ConsumerGain.com.

Some of the services you sign up for -- take online movie rentals, for example
-- require that you keep a paid membership for two or three months.

Others, such as a DVD or CD club, may require that you buy a specific number of
products. In my case, one of the services I signed up for was the Columbia House
DVD club. It requires that you make five purchases. The DVDs generally cost
$19.99 each, plus postage.

Right there, that's more than a $100 commitment.

Some of the other offers you can expect to see are for online movie rentals,
credit card applications and sometimes shopping rewards clubs, ink cartridge
discount clubs and even long-distance learning programs offered through colleges
or universities.

If you apply for credit cards, as I did, know that their individual stipulations
are that you transfer a balance or make purchases with the card.

Sea of commitment

When starting the process, know that the first thing you'll be asked to provide
is name, e-mail address, physical address and sometimes a phone number.

The wording on the page cleverly phrases the request: "Tell us where to send
your free laptop!"

After you surrender this information, survey questions pop up. Depending on
which ad you choose, the list length varies.

The offer I answered through ConsumerGain.com was not lengthy. However, a
co-worker experimented with two different ads (one for a free flat-screen TV and
another offering a $50 gift certificate to a chain restaurant).

"This is endless," she said, as we scrolled through a long survey offering
products. After she completed it, another survey popped up.

She eventually gave up and canceled the thing -- but her e-mail address already
was "out there." She began receiving more spam almost immediately.

After I completed my survey, the next page that popped up suddenly announced
"Congratulations!" and informed me I was on my way to qualifying for the laptop.

Then I saw these words: "Sign up for two offers from this page."

There were some appealing offers, so I selected two.

That was Mistake No. 2.

I made two commitments before I checked the terms and conditions of the entire
offer.

To my chagrin, a second page popped up immediately. Again, "Congratulations!"
And again, instructions informing me that I had to select two offers from the
new page to qualify for the laptop.

Oops. That's when it dawned on me to search for some kinds of terms and
conditions. I did find them, in small type at the bottom of the page.

That's when I learned that a total of six offers had to be completed. And
specifically, the rules require that you choose two services or products from
each of the pages.

If you do not, you will not qualify for the freebie. Remember that, in addition
to this, consumers must satisfy every requirement of the services they choose.

Early calculations show I'll have to spend at least $300 to qualify for the
laptop. The exact model of the "free" laptop is not available. The average price
of a basic laptop is about $500.

Even if I manage to satisfy each of the six requirements, a sharp friend asked,
"Will this laptop come with the software you need?"

Ya know, the ad just didn't specify that.

And frankly, I didn't think about it at the time. If it does not, the software
could cost a few hundred more.

Oh, and I'd need a printer for it, too, wouldn't I?

. The reporter will share another installment of her freebie-ad experiences in
January.

Resources

Before signing up for ads offering free products on the Internet, check out the
company offering the promotion:

.www.bbb.org: The Better Business Bureau offers free information about companies
listed with the BBB. If the company is not listed, think twice before you commit
to any offers.

.www.betterwhois.com: a site that shows the owners of Internet domain names and
addresses.

.Better Business Bureau at 577-0191.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 23, 2003 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Kenton Lebrecht Harris Dies;
Scientist at FDA, AID

SECTION: Metro; C13

LENGTH: 416 words


Kenton Lebrecht Harris, 90, who spent most of his government career at the Food
and Drug Administration, where he detected and prevented insect contamination of
food, died Nov. 20 at his home in Silver Spring. He had congestive heart
failure.

Mr. Harris worked for the FDA from 1937 to the early 1960s. He then continued
his work at the U.S. Agency for International Development, where he helped
developing countries cut the loss of cereal grains to insect and rodent
infestations. He retired in 1969.

Until the early 1990s, he was a consultant to AID, the Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations and overseas businesses.

On one consulting trip, in 1977, he was held incommunicado for two weeks in a
Nigerian prison during a time of political instability. While on an airplane
bound for Cameroon, he had taken a photo of the Nigerian countryside and a
fellow passenger denounced him as an agent of the CIA.

He was released after word of his captivity reached Washington and a State
Department official expressed concern to the Nigerian ambassador.

"I was stripped to my jockey shorts and put in a cell that had four concrete
walls and a dirty rubber mat on the floor," he told The Washington Post after
his release. "The only other thing it had was swarms of mosquitoes. I was eaten
alive. By the next morning, I looked like I had chicken pox."

He added: "Except for verbal abuse, I wasn't really mistreated. I was never
beaten. I eventually managed to finagle myself a T-shirt to go with my shorts,
and I was fed well, by Nigerian standards."

He was a native of Oakland, Calif., and an entomology graduate of the University
of California at Berkeley. He received a master's degree in zoology from George
Washington University.

He settled in the Washington area in the mid-1930s and briefly worked at the
Agriculture Department.

He wrote more than 50 scientific papers and a chapter on rodents for the
American Association of Cereal Chemists monograph on grain storage.

He was organizing chairman of the FAO's Codex Alimentarious Commission on food
hygiene, which sets international food standards.

The FDA loaned him to the government of Spain in 1962 to work on problems
concerning olive purity.

He was a former president of the American Association of Cereal Chemists.

Survivors include his wife of 68 years, Jean Wise Harris of Silver Spring; two
daughters, Marjorie Harris of Haworth, N.J., and Kay Stambler of Burlington,
Vt.; five grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 26, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

Julia Cobbs needed a lift, and `Hercules' was in the house

BYLINE: Cheryl Johnson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; c.j. ; the dish; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 834 words


Picking up FM107's Julia Cobbs was not a herculean task for Kevin Sorbo.

Cobbs and afternoon show co-host Lori Barghini worked the red carpet at
Saturday's Starkey Hearing Foundation Annual Awards Gala, in St. Paul, as only
they can.

Sorbo, the Mound native who starred in "Gene Roddenberry's Andromeda" and, of
course, "Hercules," was scheduled Friday to be on the "Lori & Julia Show." He
didn't make it because he was playing golf.

"Thanks for calling," Cobbs said when Sorbo came over. The sarcasm lost much of
its sting when she instantly added, "Let's get a picture," followed shortly by,
"I like to be man-handled a little bit. Pick me up!"

This is the reason they like hunky movie stars to come into the privacy of their
radio studio. "Just about every cute man who's ever come into the studio, Julia
somehow finagles into picking her up," Barghini said. "It's fun to be picked up
by a big, strong man."

Sorbo said, "Sure," and Cobbs, who may have been worried about being judged,
said, "No, I don't want to hurt you."

Cobbs immediately got over concern about Sorbo's back but not her other worries.
She wanted to know whether her blue Spanx was showing. There was more to fret
over about 10 minutes after Sorbo left the duo.

"Oh, that Kevin Sorbo is really delicious," Cobbs said. "I think I had bad
breath. And he was so close to me. I feel like I am chronically stinking right
now. I don't know what it is."

No snide comment about that comment, but one's a coming.

A check of DMV records indicated that this sack of corn Cobbs weighed a mere 115
pounds.

Goldie's reading habits

A Beverly Hills newspaper photog was trying to lure Goldie Hawn closer for a
picture.

"Goldie reads that [paper] every day," Lori said.

"That was funny," Hawn said.

Thong gone wrong

Lori and Julia were mostly nice to gala guests' faces, but behind their backs
they shared a few Joan and Melissa moments.

"There was so much fashion disaster going on over there," Lori said after Goldie
Hawn left.

Lori and Julia claim that Hawn's thong was showing under her evening gown.

"You don't wear a thong; you just wear, like Spanx. You don't wear underwear,
because it gives you lines," said Julia, who has finally found an expertise.

They believe that Hawn doubled up on the foundation undergarments. "She cannot
still be that tight, can she?" Julia asked Lori. I defended Hawn on the grounds
that they didn't know how firm she was in the midsection because they didn't hug
her.

Fashion chat

There were other snarky "Fashion Police" citations. Read them closely. They may
have been ripping on YOU!

Lori: "Who is that with this picnic-basket patterned shirt. Where does he think
he is? We're on Kellogg Boulevard."

Julia: "Somebody has drawn on the wrong color eyebrows over here in the brown.
Look at her eyebrows; they don't match her hair."

Lori and Julia, singing in unison their dissatisfaction with one woman's outfit:
"Her name was Lola, she was a show girl."

Lori: "Not very many women can get away with wearing a night gown on the red
carpet."

Sounds like an insult, but it wasn't. They were talking about the colorful gown
worn by Tamara Taylor. Remember her?

Hoopster's honey

The Wolves' Rashad McCants arrived with the stunning Lissandra Nieves of Miami.

They are dating. "That's what we call it," McCants said.

Permanent praise

Bill Mack unveiled a sculpture of Starkey's Bill Austin, who is passionate about
fitting kids around the world with hearing aids, and two children, one signing
"I love you."

Seymour and the lens

Jane Seymour, who was here for three showings of her art and related merchandise
at Griffin Gallery, wore a dress with accents that moved when she twirled them.

This English woman, who has played a bunch of virgins, loved to work it for the
cameras. She worked it a bit for her husband, "Walk the Line" producer James
Keach. Standing on her left side for a photo op, Keach said, "She likes me here"
and moved to her right side.

"I like him wherever," Seymour said.

In her Lori-and-Julia moment, Jane was asked to show off her rock.

"It's from the big guy," Seymour said.

"Stunning," Cobbs said.

"Show her what a fake one looks like," Barghini said, laughing.

Cobbs stuck out her hand. "It's bigger," Seymour said.

Faker, too.

Verbal Assault

NBC News correspondent Peter Alexander said, "Talking to Matt Lauer, Meredith
Vieira ... I remember the first time Katie Couric introduced me. The first time
that Tom Brokaw introduced me. I realized there were 10 million people looking
at me at that moment."

I told Alexander I was curious why Lauer doesn't know how to use "there's" in a
sentence?

"It's a conversation he and I have had for years," Alexander said.

I asked Alexander to tell me which sentence is correct: A) There's one person
standing over there. B) There's 10 people standing over there.

He did it his way: "There is one person; there are 10 people."

Very good. Why can't Matt get this right? "I'll be sure to pass it on,"
Alexander said.

Not if he wants to continue working at NBC.

C.J. is at 612.332.TIPS or cj@startribune.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              June 11, 2006 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Frontier changes 'Dreams to Dust'

BYLINE: Elvin M. Richmond

SECTION: DESTINATIONS; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 443 words


Oklahoma author Sheldon Russell has produced another winner. "Dreams to Dust"
(University of Oklahoma Press, $26.95) relates the story of the birth and demise
of Guthrie, Oklahoma's first capital. Kiowa half-breed Creed McReynolds rides
the city's rising tide to wealth and power, and then he crashes with it.

A lawyer by education, McReynolds supplies lumber and quarried rock to the
booming city after the Land Rush of 1889. Also, for a song, he buys land from
failed homesteaders. In his heart, he mourns the loss of his mother and her
people's way of life, but on the outside, McReynolds hardens, putting the
sadness behind him.

He joins Abaddon Damon, scoundrel supreme and owner of the territorial
newspaper, The Capital City. Damon finagles control of the railroad, life-blood
of Guthrie, and he maneuvers himself into a powerful territorial force. The
villain also wages relentless war with the first territorial governor.

Faust-like, McReynolds sells his soul to Damon. In turn, he receives contracts
and first notice of lost homesteads. He also marries a sweet girl. But when
McReynolds spends all his time amassing wealth and neglects his wife, the
relationship falls apart, and she leaves him. He becomes wealthier but feels
empty.

When the crash comes, McReynolds loses everything materially but gains back his
soul and returns to his wife.

This novel is not just another shoot 'em-up Western. Grounded with historical
facts, Russell has created a believable story of people struggling with real
problems in a frontier setting. It mirrors the spiritual battle that rages
within man. Will McReynolds keep selling himself for filthy lucre, or will he
devote himself to higher values such as love, family and self-sacrifice?

As is customary with Russell, he layers his story with stark imagery that serves
as a metaphor for his theme. Deep in a rift between the rocks, McReynolds finds
the bones of a dead monk who had helped others in need. But, alas, the finest
quarry rock is in the rift. McReynolds wavers. His brother-in-law asks him to
leave the rift alone. His wife begs him to leave it alone. When McReynolds
shrugs their requests off and quarries the rift, it represents the final payment
for his soul, and it rips apart the last thread binding his marriage.

Packed with conflict, this story never turns the reader loose. It is a rare
writer, indeed, who can create a page-turner that also makes us think about the
human condition. Russell accomplishes it well.

With his previous novel, "Requiem at Dawn," and this one, Russell ranks among
novelists who write and wrote convincingly of America's frontier.


LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BOOK REVIEW

GRAPHIC: Graphic: "Dreams to Dust" (book cover)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 27, 2007 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

'THELMA & LOUISE STOLE FOR THRILLS. Duo also suspected of pulling off heist in
posh N.J. suburb

BYLINE: BY MIKE JACCARINO, TINA MOORE AND BILL HUTCHINSON With Barbara Ross, Joe
Gould and Oren Yaniv

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 528 words


THEY STOLE for the thrill of it. The devious Thelma and Louise duo busted for
posing as apartment buyers to swipe diamonds and furs from swanky city pads are
"good girls" who seem to get a kick out of doing bad, relatives and friends said
yesterday.

Far from desperadoes, Jessica Joyner, 39, and Jennifer Jones, 33, are from
well-to-do families, but authorities think they forged a wayward bond to support
their mutual addictions to prescription drugs, a source said.

Nonetheless, the source added, "they gave each other up in a heartbeat."

Joyner and Jones, both upper East Siders, were arraigned yesterday in Manhattan
Criminal Court on grand larceny, possession of stolen property and attempted
larceny charges. They face up to three years in prison if convicted.

Prosecutors said their crime spree wasn't limited to fancy Manhattan
neighborhoods. They face similar charges in Bergen County, N.J., where they are
suspected of pulling their open-house hustle in ritzy Upper Saddle River,
prosecutors said.

"Both of them outlined how they did it, and the police were able to confirm some
details," Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Mao Lin said.

He said the pair would don designer duds and wigs to finagle themselves into the
multimillion-dollar homes they allegedly looted.

One would distract the real estate agent while the other rifled the apartments
for expensive handbags, diamond and gold jewelry, and name-brand clothes,
prosecutors said.

"It was just a thrill for her," said a relative of Joyner.

The relative, who requested anonymity, described Joyner as a life-long
kleptomaniac. "She used to steal people's luggage off the luggage carousel at
the airport and bring it home," the relative said.

The relative said Joyner would wander through drugstores filling a baby carriage
with facial creams and other high-end goods and then boast about her
shoplifting.

Yet, Joyner's mother, Laura Rothman, described her as a law-abiding soccer mom
of a 13-year-old daughter. "She's a good kid," said Rothman, director of a New
Jersey counseling center. "I'm very surprised about what happened. She never had
any record. She's an honest kid."

Joyner's ex-husband, Hank Cannon, said he was worried about how their daughter
would react to the news of the arrests.

"She's the mother of my daughter, and my concern is with my daughter," Cannon
said.

Prosecutors said Joyner has "serious and ongoing psychiatric and mental issues,"
and that Jones has been in drug rehab.

Defense lawyer Karen Newirth said Jones has chronic medical problems that cause
her severe pain.

Jones' instructor at the Some Like It Hot yoga studio on the upper East Side
described her as temperamental, but was stunned by her arrest.

"I banned her at one time. She complained about everything - about the
temperature, the music," said yoga instructor Yola Romeo.

Romeo said she later did a "one-eighty" and let Jones come back to class. She
said Jones even organized "hot yoga" parties for up to 40 friends.

Now Romeo suspects Jones might be responsible for a recent rash of locker room
burglaries, in which debit cards were stolen and used at places like
Bloomingdale's and Whole Foods.

whutchinson@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A disheveled Jessica Joyner on her way to court yesterday was a far cry
from the photo (inset) that was posted on a firm's Web site. Photos by Marc
Hermann Jennifer Jones ducks as she is led to her arraignment (sketch) where she
and Jessica Joyner were charged with grand larceny. Sketch by Christine Cornell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 17, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Caught in Her Undertow

BYLINE: Zofia Smardz,, a Washington writer

SECTION: STYLE; BOOK WORLD; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 1043 words


SEA GLASS

By Anita Shreve

Little, Brown. 378 pp. $ 25.95Be aware: Once you open this latest novel from
Anita Shreve, you're going to have a hard time closing it. Take my word for it
-- I couldn't do it, any more than I was able to put aside "The Weight of Water"
(read in one sitting) or "The Pilot's Wife" (ditto) or "Fortune's Rocks" (a
couple of days) or "The Last Time They Met" (the same). It's confounding,
really, because some things about Shreve's writing frankly frustrate me no end:
Her plots nearly always go off in directions I don't want them to; her
characters usually end up thinking and doing things I know they will but wish
they wouldn't; and all in all, what starts with a promise of elegant artistry
often dissolves into romantic melodrama. It's quality melodrama, to be sure,
well wrought, but melodrama nevertheless.

On the other hand, Shreve has carved out her own little Yoknapatawpha County,
her fictional world of Fortune's Rocks and Ely Falls, in the country where I
grew up -- the New Hampshire seacoast and the mill towns of New England's
one-time industrial corridor -- and I'm glad to see it getting some literary
due. I like, too, the way she's taken to integrating her novels by reintroducing
characters or elements in new works. But none of this is what makes Shreve so
hard to resist. Her secret is that she simply has the Gift -- the ability to
hook you from the first page, draw you in and pull you along, though you may
kick and scream, and not let go until the final word.

This feat she pulls off once again in "Sea Glass," the story of Honora and
Sexton Beecher, a young couple launching their married life in the summer of
1929, on the eve of the Great Depression. Honora, only 20, is innocent and
inexperienced but full of hope for the future. Sexton, a traveling typewriter
salesman bursting with ambition, finagles a house-sitting arrangement to provide
them with lodging, and hauntingly, we learn that the big house on the beach into
which they move is the same one-time convent that was the scene of the
disastrous turn-of-the-20th-century affair in "Fortune's Rocks" (and the home of
the devastated modern-day heroine of "The Pilot's Wife"). Which does not portend
particularly well for the Beechers.

Down the beach in the Highland Hotel, spoiled Boston socialite Vivian Burton
whiles away the summer days going to parties and getting drunk and trying to
stave off the love of rich boy Dickie Peets. And in the nearby town of Ely
Falls, McDermott, a loom-fixer in the mill who is helping to organize the
miserable, overworked, underpaid employees into a union, befriends 11-year-old
Alphonse, a fatherless bobbin boy with too-short pants and too-long hair.

Shreve, true to form, is wonderful in the first half of her novel. She works
slowly, bringing her characters to life with a confident touch and in intricate
detail, delivering crystalline observations like this one: "Honora lay
[Sexton's] flaws aside as one might overlook a small stain in a beautifully
embroidered tablecloth one wanted to buy, only to discover, when it was on the
table . . . that the stain had become a beacon while the beautiful embroidery
lay hidden in everybody's lap." She sets up believable tensions between the
characters -- the emotional imbalance in the relationship between Vivian and
Dickie, for instance, is rendered with moving acuity -- and convincingly
conjures the straitened tenement-and-boardinghouse world of Alphonse and
McDermott. She creates, in short, a beautiful bubble, an artful world in which
she envelops the reader, raising real literary expectations.

But then the bubble bursts. Veering her story toward the inevitable melodrama in
the second half of the book, Shreve implausibly brings all her disparate
characters together, revs up the romance machinery, sets up a crisis (a strike
against wage reductions at the mill) -- and forgets about her carefully crafted
world. Her characters don the assigned mantles of stereotype -- Sexton, taking a
financial gamble that costs him his job and lands him in the mill when the stock
market crashes, becomes the betraying villain; McDermott, surrogate father to
Alphonse and quiet, soulful presence among the union organizers, takes on the
aura of noble swain as he and Honora fight their attraction to each other; and
Honora (could we have a more symbol-laden name?), the wronged wife, blossoms
into full-fledged earth-mother heroine, finding within herself reserves of
strength as disaster looms and the other characters look to her for stability
and comfort. The vivid Vivian is reduced to a two-dimensional background prop,
and Dickie -- the anguished Dickie I was rooting for! -- is shockingly dismissed
from the action altogether.

This is, I hate to say, vintage Shreve. Preoccupied with plot, she seems to drop
all effort at sustaining the artistic level she achieves in the early stages of
her book. In "Sea Glass," this tendency may be even more pronounced than in
previous works. Her writing goes flabby (until, thankfully, the shock of the
violent climax, when she rallies), the dialogue collapses into tin-ear
colloquies, and you start to notice all the other things that aren't quite
credible, either -- e.g., how is it that Honora, a high school graduate if that,
is so uncommonly erudite and well spoken; or what happens to the cottage
caretaker job she takes to make ends meet, mentioned forebodingly in one
paragraph and never again; or how does Alphonse, who doesn't even go to school,
get to judge the strikers' rewritten newsletter as "a thousand times better than
the one they were starting to pack up until Miss Burton spoke her mind"??

But I cry into the wind. The bubble may burst, but you're caught in Shreve's
flow and you have no choice but to go with it. You want to know, in spite of
yourself, what happens to the striking millworkers, and to Honora and McDermott
and Sexton and Alphonse. Maybe it's not what I would have had happen, but to
Shreve's credit, what she has happen isn't precisely what you expect, either.

"Sea Glass" isn't great fiction, but it's a cut above most and a helluva read,
and all I can say is, I hope all the people who'll no doubt soon be cracking it
open have a big chunk of free time on their hands.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           March 12, 2003, Wednesday

OLD BLUE SEATS DON'T FEEL THE SAME ANYMORE

BYLINE: Mike Vaccaro

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 063

LENGTH: 613 words


WE would get there early, climb up to the old blue seats at Madison Square
Garden, and we would set up camp for the rest of the day.

Twelve hours. Four basketball games.

Sometimes, that would mean skipping out on school, but the way we figured it,
that was allowed, because this, to us, was a high holy day of obligation.

This was the first day of the Big East Tournament.

In those days, there was nothing better than that. From that perch at the top of
the Garden, from the top of the world, you got to see Patrick Ewing breathe fire
into his future home, you got to see Chris Mullin stroke that sweet lefty J and
the peerless Pearl look this way and pass it that way. EZ Ed Pinckney, all arms
and legs out of Stevenson High, would always find a way to finagle his way into
the lane.

Looie had his sweater, John Thompson his towel, Rollie Massimino his flailing
shirt tail and Jim Boeheim his look of perpetual perplexity. The first day of
the Big East Tournament had everything a basketball fan could possibly want.

Especially Buzz.

That's what we miss most about this great event, which first found a home at the
Garden 20 years ago this month and quickly established itself as the most
reliable ticket on the arena's annual calendar. Every seat is still filled. All
the cheerleaders still come, all the pep bands. The alumni still pound $6 beers
and pretend they're 19 again.

It all looks the same. It just sounds completely different. The Buzz is gone.

"I remember the first time I came to this tournament, you had Lou and John and
Rollie coaching, you had all these great players and these great teams and it
was like, aeMy gosh, this really is something to see,' " says Connecticut coach
Jim Calhoun, who'll be working his 17th Big East Tournament. "I don't think it's
the same. I don't think you can expect it to be the same."

Back in the day, the Big East was a nine-team league, cozy enough to foster
genuine contempt among the membership. Now, it is an unruly 14-team monstrosity.
You don't play everyone every year. That means less familiarity among players,
fewer connections between them. It's much less interesting.

Now, it is just another basketball tournament in a March littered with them.
Maybe that's all it really was back in the day. But I sure don't remember it
that way.

"One thing that's different is that it's a whole lot less predictable," says
Boeheim, whose Orangemen could be playing for a No. 2 seed in the NCAA
Tournament this weekend. "Any team can beat any other team. That isn't only
something to say now, it's true."

Adds Calhoun: "Years ago, you never saw any upsets. Nobody was going to knock
off a Georgetown or a St. John's in the quarterfinals. It just never happened."

Now, anything is possible. But is that really for the best? Part of what made
those old tournaments so much fun was watching - and listening to - the other
schools gang up on Georgetown, as it slapped around a Seton Hall or a Providence
in the quarters. Part of what made the rest of the day so much fun was that you
had a good chunk of the Top 10 gathered under one roof.

Now, to see that, you have to fly to Dallas, for the Big 12 tournament, where
Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas are sitting in the same place where Georgetown, St.
John's and Villanova once sat. Maybe somewhere high up in American Airlines
Arena, a bunch of high-school basketball fans are planning on playing hooky for
that sacred event.

Chances are, the truant officers won't need to prowl the Garden today, however.
The Big East is still a fine event. It just isn't The Event, not the way it used
to be, and not the way it used to look from up in the blues.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                       May 18, 2004 Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Overlong comedy short on laughs;
 Judy Gilmore's role as wacky Virginia is best performance

BYLINE: Paul Kolas; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE REVIEWER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; THEATER REVIEW; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: SOUTHBRIDGE


Gateway Players' "Lie, Cheat & Genuflect" is being billed as a loving homage to
the pratfall comedies of Abbott and Costello, and Martin and Lewis. If only that
were true. Friday night's interminable and often excruciatingly unfunny ordeal
of a so-called "comedy caper" almost conjured up wistful memories of those
sometimes funny, if often forgettable, confections.

It's about two brothers, Tom and Billy Buckle, who scheme to break into their
late grandfather's home to prematurely steal their impending inheritance money.
Tom is badly in need of cash, as he has taken Billy's assumed life savings and
lost it on the horses, also borrowing even more money from a mobster loan shark
named Pizza Face Petrillo to win it all back. Now he's desperate to pay back
Petrillo before any extreme measures are taken.

Standing in the way of achieving all this larceny is a lawyer named Mr.
Fryburger, who is determined to see that the inheritance money is meted out
according to the will, since a cousin, Lisa, is also a beneficiary. No one has
seen or heard from Lisa in 15 years, so the Buckle Brothers kidnap an attractive
young woman to pass her off as a surrogate. When they find out she has a baby in
tow, Tom finagles Billy into masquerading as Lisa in the person of a nun renamed
Mother Fernando. Add Grandpa Buckle's faithful housemaid, a man-starved lush
named Virginia, to the mix, and you have what probably sounds a lot funnier here
than how it plays onstage.

One source of trouble is that very little of the dialogue is actually witty or
funny. It sounds as forced and wilted as anything you'd hear on a cancelled
sitcom with a canned laugh track.

Another glaring faux pas is the often shabby and inexplicable way characters
enter and exit with half-hearted continuity, as if to merely propel the story
into whatever direction the authors, Billy Van Zandt and Jane Milmore, want it
to go. Several of the cast spend as much time in a closet as they do onstage, a
tiresome gimmick that's as irritating as the "baby" forever being misplaced.
Repeating gags are a sign of creative claustrophobia, not inspired slapstick.

As for the cast, Patrick Lynch plays Tom with a monotonous combination of
barking anxiety and unctuous deceit, as if he is indeed channeling Bud Abbott.
At least Ray Petrelli seems to be having a bit of winking fun as Billy,
especially garbed as Mother Fernando, as if he realizes what a silly enterprise
he's acting in. He certainly makes the most of the single funniest gag in the
entire show, employing the use of the kidnapped young lady's arms, standing
behind him in the closet, to gesture to Petrillo with mock femininity.

By far the best performance is turned in by Judy Gilmore as Virginia, sashaying
her way around the stage with bottle in hand and a limpid, twilight sexuality.
When she drags the comatose Petrillo into her bedroom for a little bit of hanky
panky, there is yet another rare spark of what could have been in the air:
genuine humor.

John Kennedy, who doubles as director and Mr. Fryburger, is bland in both
departments. If he diluted the play's inherent defects with more tempo and fewer
torpid moments, it would run at least half an hour shorter than its unnecessary
2 hours and 20 minutes.

David Corkum does a credible Tony Soprano as Petrillo and Pat Mastro turns in an
all-too-brief gem as his lady friend, Miss MacIntosh. Not particularly memorable
are Regina Robo O'Brien as the would-be "Lisa" and Joni Metras as the mysterious
Jane, who purports to be the late Buckle's personal "nurse."

One might be better inclined to rent an old Abbott and Costello video.

'Lie, Cheat & Genuflect'

ZZZZZZ

By Billy Van Zandt and Jane Milmore, directed by John R. Kennedy. At Gateway
Players Theatre Arts Barn, 111 Main St., Southbridge. Friday and Saturday at 8
p.m. Tickets: $12 adults, $10 seniors and students. Phone (508) 764-4531 for
reservations.

With Patrick Lynch, Ray Petrelli, Judy Gilmore, John Kennedy, Regina Robo
O'Brien, Joni Metras, David Corkum and Pat Mastro.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                               May 9, 2016 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Editorial: House Republicans move to make dark money even darker

BYLINE:  By the Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 479 words


Voters across the political spectrum tell pollsters they're unhappy with the
influence that big money has on politics. Republican Donald Trump and Democrat
Bernie Sanders have been particularly harsh on big donors. Democrat Hillary
Clinton, no slouch at collecting big donations, has nonetheless rolled out a
plan for comprehensive campaign finance reform.

Meanwhile, back on Capitol Hill last week, House Republicans took steps to
provide more protection for anonymous donors who contribute millions of dollars
through secretive and unaccountable "dark money" organizations. If candidates
and voters want big money out of politics, they're going to have be louder and
more insistent about it.

Trump voters, Clinton voters and Sanders voters must write or call their members
of Congress and tell them to vote against HR 5053. Sponsored by Rep. Peter
Roskam, R-Ill., and bearing the bogus title of "The IRS Abuse and Protecting
Free Speech Act," it passed out of the House Ways and Means Committee on a
party-line vote on April 28.

It would make dark money even darker. It would deepen the anonymity of anonymous
donors to certain campaign committees that finagle the political system. Say
Vladimir Putin had a favorite candidate. Right now foreign money isn't permitted
in U.S. campaigns. But if HR 5053 passes, no one would ever know if the Russian
mafia or Mexican drug lords were stocking up on U.S. politicians.

The dark money scam was enabled by the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens
United v. Federal Election Commission in 2010. The court majority's decision,
amazingly naïve and shortsighted, argued that public disclosure of campaign
donors' names would take care of any problem created by endorsing corporations
as persons and granting them the right to make political donations.

Shrewd political operatives began incorporating under Section 501(c)(4) of the
Internal Revenue Service code as "social welfare organizations." This section
was meant to cover groups like Rotary Clubs and Little Leagues. The IRS code
says such groups "may engage in some political activities, so long as that is
not its primary activity."

But who's going to know? C-4s with receipts of $50,000 or more must report the
names of their donors to the IRS on a so-called "Schedule B." But the names of
donors can be redacted on public documents.

HR 5053 would eliminate the Schedule B disclosure, meaning that even if the IRS
wanted to check a group's donors, it couldn't. And since the IRS got caught
scrutinizing applications for C-4 status by tea party groups in 2013, the agency
has been gun shy. As for the Federal Election Commission, which is supposed to
enforce election laws, it is a feckless and toothless joke.

Big money never sleeps. Candidates and voters may agree that the campaign
finance system is a mess, but big donors and their kept congressmen continue to
grease the system.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Rep. Peter Roskam, a Republican from Chicago's northwest suburbs, is
leading the effort to further hide the identities of anonymous political donors
(AP photo)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     October 9, 2003 Thursday Final Edition

Fifth bittersweet for cyclist Jeanson: Canadian misses medal in time trial by 22
seconds

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Kris Westwood

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: HAMILTON

HAMILTON -- Twenty-two seconds.

That was all that separated Canada from a world road cycling championship medal
yesterday as Genevieve Jeanson of Lachine, Que., finished fifth in the elite
women's time trial.

Things looked good after Jeanson posted a time of 29 minutes 11.72 seconds on
the 20.4-kilometre course, the fastest time to that point. However, 13 other
riders were still out on the course, including five of the top 10 from last
year's world championships in Zolder, Belgium.

Jeanson was cheerfully giving interviews when she heard that she had been
relegated to fifth in the race won by Spain's Joane Somarriba Arrola (28:23.23).

"Fifth is great," Jeanson said, choking back tears. "The best in the world are
here; nobody's missing. I should be happy, but, at the same time, I'm
disappointed."

Jeanson is just 22, but the former junior world champion has high expectations.
She spent a month before this year's championship in Arizona, training
specifically for the event with coach Andre Aubut.

Jeanson was at pains to dismiss the long-standing dispute between Aubut and the
Canadian Cycling Association. Most recently, Aubut accused the association of
trying to keep him from riding in the team car that followed Jeanson in the time
trial; the CCA's response was that personal coaches were not allowed there under
international cycling rules.

In the end, the CCA managed to finagle Aubut into the team car beside national
coach Yury Kashirin, and both parties seemed satisfied.

"(Yesterday) we really did a team effort," Jeanson said. "They collaborated
super good. The first and the main objective is to make the athletes have
everything they need."

Lyne Bessette of Knowlton, Que., managed only 15th place in 30:11.91.

Bessette effectively lost her chance at a medal a month ago, when she crashed
and broke her collarbone during a race in Germany.

"I had good legs, but there was a little bit missing," said Bessette, who spent
10 days off the bike after the crash.

She beat Jeanson by 25 seconds on the Hamilton course in the national
championships in June, but 15th place was "what Lyne Bessette was worth
(yesterday. Today) will be another thing."

Somarriba was delighted with her victory.

"I came here knowing that this type of circuit would favour me," said the Bilbao
resident, who is best known as a climbing specialist. "This is the happiest day
in my life."

Judith Arndt won yet another medal for Germany, finishing second in 28:34.01,
and defending champion Zoulfia Zabirova (28:49.48) of Russia was third.

In the junior men's time trial, Russia's Mikhail Ignatiev became the first
repeat world champion, completing the 20.4-kilometre course in 27:01.88.

Through a translator, Ignatiev said the hilly course was perfect for him, better
than the perfectly flat roads around Zolder.

Second yesterday was Dmytro Grabovsky (27:23.15), with Sweden's Viktor Renang
(27:24.38) in third.

Canadian juniors did not fare well. Kevin Lacombe (29:27.21) of Alma, Que., was
50th, and Christian Meier (29:49.26) of Sussex, N.B., was 55th.

Racing continues today with the elite men's 40.8-kilometre time trial. Michael
Rich of Germany and David Millar of Scotland are tipped as favourites. The 2002
champion, Colombian Santiago Botero, has already ended his season, citing
fatigue.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Mike Cassese, Reuters; Spain's Joane Somarriba Arrola
gets a hug from coach Juan Carlos Martin Martinez after yesterday's victory.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 22, 2001 Saturday

Island of not enough return

BYLINE: SHERIE POSESORSKI

SECTION: BOOK REVIEW; FICTION; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 834 words


Hippolyte's Island:An Illustrated Novel
   By Barbara Hodgson
   Raincoast, 282 pages, $37.50

Sunk into his couch Oblomov style, Hippolyte Webb fitfully amuses himself by
tracking the geography and geology of stains and cracks in his ceiling. When his
gaze lands on the multiplicity of maps that plaster his walls, he realizes that
the only cure for his torpor is to get travelling, and fast.

He heads for an old globe hanging from the ceiling and spins it, his attention
drawn by three small dots of land in the South Atlantic, halfway between the
Falkland Islands and the Island of Georgia. He's even more intrigued when those
three dots of land appear on one map, only to tantalizingly disappear in the
next of the 25 18th- and 19th-century maps he is combing through to learn more
about them. By the time he discovers their name - the Aurora Islands - and their
apparent location - 50 degrees West and 56 degrees South - his intrigue has
blossomed into full-blown obsession. Are the Auroras merely "cartographic
fantasies" or actually a "Terra Incognita"? What else can he do but go in search
of the Auroras, which have apparently "slipped out of existence."

And so he does, in Barbara Hodgson's latest illustrated novel, Hippolyte's
Island. Hodgson is an acclaimed Vancouver book designer, photographer and author
of fiction and non-fiction. As in her two previous illustrated novels, the
illustrations imaginatively complement the text. The artifacts of Hippolyte's
journey-maps, logbooks, photographs and drawings are so artfully presented that
they have the suggestive, spectral aura of a Joseph Cornell shadow box.

To finance his adventure/quest, Hippolyte finagles a $20,000 book advance from
Jeremy Gould, a childhood friend, now a publisher at Rumour Press in New York.
Gould has always had a soft spot for his eccentric friend, who has hardly made a
living for the past 16 years as a travel writer, consultant, botanist and
linguist. Besides, expedition books are hot, and with any luck, there will be
enough barely survivable disasters and catastrophes to make Hippolyte's story a
bestseller.

Hippolyte charts his route from a 1892 school atlas. He flies to the Stanley
Islands, rents a 30-foot sloop and sails off to "immortalize" the islands. No
matter how frustratingly hidden they seem, he persists, sensing their nearness.
Miraculously, he sights the main island of the Auroras and lands. From there he
proceeds to map all of the islands' topography, animal and plant life, and
discovers the skeleton of an earlier voyager. He contends with fierce storms,
and nearly drowns when he takes an impulsive plunge into the ocean and is so
disoriented that he almost loses the boat. As he sails off, a mist cloaks the
islands and they vanish, like Brigadoon, into thin air.

While Hippolyte's photographic eye for details clearly documents his adventurous
voyage, he himself remains terra incognita. His third-person narration lacks a
strong, personalizing voice and verbal energy, and his minimalist musings are
not particularly thoughtful, reflective or emotive. Hogdson's pedestrian prose
isn't up to transmitting fully either the emotional force or the whimsical charm
of Hippolyte's obsession.

It's no surprise - especially after reading the book proposal Hippolyte submits
on his return, which is written in the dull, plodding style of a thesis outline
- that the skeptical, no-nonsense editor assigned to his book, Marie Simplon,
has serious doubts, not just about the veracity of his voyage, but about his
ability to write a book.

Marie barrages Hippolyte with a flurry of letters and notes, pointing out the
many factual holes in his story. After arriving in New York, Hippolyte barrages
her right back with his proof - a duffel bag and an oak crate filled with
specimens, research, calculations, photographs and the logbook. Their battle is
an archetypal struggle between short-sighted realism and far-sighted
imagination.

Despite being polar opposites, they are attracted to one another, though their
developing relationship seems to have more to do with the expression of thematic
dialectic than desire.

Hippolyte's adventure makes for entertaining reading, but as a travelling
companion, he's not the most stimulating of fellows. For this reader, nothing
can match the spine-tingling journey of being immersed in an interesting mind.
You want non-stop thrills and chills, witty and melancholy epiphanies, hilarious
and piercing musings on minutiae and the big picture; you want to take a
fantastic voyage to the shopping mall with the narrator of Nicholson Baker's The
Mezzanine,or take a trip anywhere - to the next-door neighbour's or the optician
- with the narrator of Julie Hecht's glorious short story collection, Do the
Windows Open?, and be enthralled, enlightened, consoled and quietly devastated
as they brainstorm their way through the perils of everyday life. Now that's
adventure!
Sherie Posesorski's children's novel,Escape Plans, will be published this month.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday
                                 First Edition

THE CLASSIC MOVIE;
MOVIES

BYLINE: Craig Mathieson

SECTION: M; arts; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 157 words


ERIN BROCKOVICH (2000)

M, 131 minutes

Julia Roberts, who turned 48 on Wednesday, returns to cinemas this month in the
thriller Secret in Their Eyes.

If the romantic comedy was the genre that made her a screen icon - think Pretty
Woman and Notting Hill - there's always been a more dramatic counterpoint to her
image, and Erin Brockovich made that connection explicit.

In the title role, for which she won an Academy Award for best actress, Roberts
plays a former beauty queen barely supporting herself and two children. Her
dreams have been battered down, but Erin has a defiant endurance that comes to
the fore when she finagles a job with a lawyer (Albert Finney, providing great
accompaniment) and finds herself building a vast class-action lawsuit against a
California power company.

The plot is impeccably crafted by director Steven Soderbergh, but what endures
is Roberts' performance as a woman who refuses to bow down to convention or
power.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday
                                 First Edition

THE CLASSIC MOVIE;
ENTERTAINMENT - MOVIES

BYLINE: Craig Mathieson

SECTION: S; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 157 words


ERIN BROCKOVICH (2000)

M, 131 minutes

Julia Roberts, who turned 48 on Wednesday, returns to cinemas this month in the
thriller Secret in Their Eyes.

If the romantic comedy was the genre that made her a screen icon - think Pretty
Woman and Notting Hill - there's always been a more dramatic counterpoint to her
image, and Erin Brockovich made that connection explicit.

In the title role, for which she won an Academy Award for best actress, Roberts
plays a former beauty queen barely supporting herself and two children. Her
dreams have been battered down, but Erin has a defiant endurance that comes to
the fore when she finagles a job with a lawyer (Albert Finney, providing great
accompaniment) and finds herself building a vast class-action lawsuit against a
California power company.

The plot is impeccably crafted by director Steven Soderbergh, but what endures
is Roberts' performance as a woman who refuses to bow down to convention or
power.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 3, 2008, Wednesday

A harbor view;
Capital grad second in command of NYC sightseeing sailboat

BYLINE: Rick Steelhammer, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 534 words


Former Charlestonian Jay Miller moved to New York to work on the stage, but
ended up working on the deck of a historic 72-foot sailboat plying the waters of
New York Harbor.

The 31-year-old Capital High graduate and Marshall student moved to the Big
Apple in 1999, where he built sets and performed backstage work on a variety of
off-Broadway productions. He spent the previous two years in New Mexico as a
technician and set-builder for the Santa Fe Opera.

Just as Miller's stage-construction career was taking off, the terrorist attacks
on Sept. 11, 2001, brought it to an abrupt halt and forced him into a dramatic
career change.

"After 9/11, everything died out in theater work for months and months," he
said. "I did some construction work and handyman jobs to stay busy. Then,
through a few friends of mine, I ended up as a passenger on this boat."

The boat is the Ventura, an 88-year-old, solid mahogany-hulled, teak-decked
sailing vessel originally owned by millionaire banker and philanthropist George
Baker, the founder of Citibank. The sailboat, featured in the recent Will Smith
movie "Hitch," served as a rescue craft for people stranded along the shoreline
of Battery Park City after the Sept. 11 attacks, and spent time as a floating
soup kitchen for rescue personnel in the aftermath of the attack.

"It was the first time I'd ever been sailing," Miller said of his three-hour
sightseeing cruise aboard the Ventura. He liked it enough to take seven or eight
additional tours, and eventually became friends with the boat's first mate.

"I managed to finagle a job as second mate four years ago," he said. "Last year,
I worked my way up to first mate."

As second in command of the Ventura, Miller's duties include "maintaining the
boat from top to bottom through the season, which lasts from May through
October, and going out on every charter. Last year, we had our busiest season
ever with 155 charters."

Miller, the son of Bob Miller of St. Albans and Julia Miller of Elkview,
eventually plans to become a captain for Atlantic Sail and Charter, owner of the
Ventura and four other vessels. Miller recently became the skipper of his own
yacht, the 35-foot sloop Wind.

In the off-season, "I try to spend as much time as possible in the Bahamas," he
said.

Miller said the thing he enjoys the most about his work on the Ventura is being
able to provide "such a positive energy experience for the people who come
aboard. Most of them are people who work in office cubicles all week who have
never been sailing and never really seen what New York Harbor looks like from
the water. Unless you take the Staten Island Ferry to work, you just don't see
it."

Tours aboard the Ventura depart from the North Cove Marina near Battery Park at
the southern tip of Manhattan and sail past Ellis Island, Governors Island and
the Statue of Liberty.

While he still works in an occasional stage-related project, "sailing has
quickly become a big passion for me, and I want to stick with it for a while,"
Miller said. "But never in my wildest dreams did I ever imagine doing this for a
living. It was a matter of being in the right place at the right time."

Reach Rick Steelhammer at rsteel hammer@wvgazette.com or 348-5169.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 23, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sheen/Langella shine in Broadway's 'Frost/Nixon'

BYLINE: Elysa Gardner

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 410 words


NEW YORK -- For weeks, Brian Dennehy and Christopher Plummer have duked it out
as rival attorneys in a new Broadway production of Inherit the Wind. Now they're
joined by another pair of champion actors at the top of their game, and these
two -- British stage star Michael Sheen (The Queen) and American treasure Frank
Langella -- have fresher, more compelling material to spar with.

Granted, it's not immediately clear that the central conflict in Frost/Nixon (*
* *½ out of four), which opened Sunday at the Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre, will be
a duel for the ages. For those unfamiliar with David Frost's career-defining
Richard Nixon interview, this new play by The Queen and The Last King of
Scotland screenwriter Peter Morgan might seem at first like a smart period
comedy. As the English talk-show host finagles and prepares for his exclusive
with the disgraced president, men in '70s haircuts chat and connive, embellished
by retro film clips and incidental music that evokes the Theme From Shaft. Sheen
introduces Frost as a bit of a dandy, playing up the celeb-courting, playboy rep
that made some question his credentials for interrogating a deposed world
leader. Whether schmoozing with superagent Swifty Lazar (wryly impersonated by
Stephen Rowe, who also has a stab at Mike Wallace) or cozying up to a passenger
on a flight to L.A., he has shades of Austin Powers and Dudley Moore. Langella's
Nixon, likewise, seems a little buffoonish, though the actor wisely stops short
of caricature. However shameful or complacent Nixon might seem, however dopey
his jokes about political life or his perspiration problem, Langella provides
subtle, masterful hints of the reserves of frustration and cunning his character
harbors. Those qualities, especially the cunning, slap Frost in the face when
they square off on camera. What follows -- expertly guided by Michael Grandage,
artistic director of London's Donmar Warehouse, Frost/Nixon's original home --
is the development of an unlikely rapport based on ambition, grudging respect
and, finally, empathy. That's not to say this play offers profound psychological
or political revelations. Supporting characters such as Nixon's chief aide,
played as an aggressive square peg by Corey Johnson, and Frost adviser Jim
Reston, earnestly played by Stephen Kunken, serve up what can seem out of
context, like prosaic play-by-play commentary. As supremely entertaining
theater, though, Frost/Nixon is an undisputed winner.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Joan Marcus

DOCUMENT-TYPE: STAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                     October 7, 2002 Monday Toronto Edition

Familiar formula still entertaining

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: Robert Cushman

SECTION: Arts & Life; Theatre Review; Pg. AL5

LENGTH: 1099 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

PROOF

Bluma Appel Theatre, Toronto

- - -

TORONTO - David Auburn's Proof is an OK example of the kind of play that
succeeds on Broadway, usually after a tactful tryout somewhere else, and goes on
to win a Pulitzer prize. It is amusing and well put together; it is civilized,
meaning that its characters are comfortably removed from the poverty line and
have intellectual pursuits; it recognizes the existence of pain, but manages
somehow to finagle a happy ending; and it takes place on a porch.

The porch and the house attached to it are in Chicago. Their current inhabitant
is Catherine, who is 25 except in flashbacks, and is the daughter of Robert, who
is now dead except in flashbacks and dream sequences. Robert was a genius
mathematician who, like most in his field, did his best work early. His last
years were pitted with mental illness, or as he himself more forcefully put it,
he "went bughouse." It seems possible that Catherine, who dropped out of college
to look after him, may have inherited both the genius and the disease. Those
about her are more inclined to credit the second possibility.

Like The Shape of Things, CanStage's other current show, Proof has a powerful
moment of surprise lurking in its armoury. A major difference is that in The
Shape of Things (which is the kind of American play that doesn't win a Pulitzer)
the revelation is integral both to the play's theme and to its plot. It simply
couldn't be made any earlier than it is and, once made, it allows the action to
proceed with no interruption and with accelerated force. In Proof, it's a neat
way of bringing down the first-act curtain.

Catherine's main antagonist in the play is her elder sister, Claire, who has
inherited the family skill with numbers to the extent of having a successful
career in some kind of finance management. She now lives in New York and is
about to marry her long-time boyfriend, unseen, who has lots of unspecified
"connections." Having come home for the funeral, she takes charge of everything
and, over Catherine's objections, arranges to sell the house. She also tries to
take her sister off to New York for, as she tries to disguise but as Catherine
quickly guesses, treatment.

Completing the cast is Hal, a former PhD student of Robert's, and now a junior
academic in his own right. He plays drums in an all-mathematician rock band (the
play has a lot of fun with the wild things that science geeks get up to in their
spare time) and a long-time inarticulate admirer of Catherine. They come
together in a scene of approach-avoidance-acceptance that struck me, romantic
sucker that I am, as the best sequence in the play: best written, best acted,
best directed. Boy then loses girl, in traumatic circumstances.

If the play stands or falls by Catherine, then in Martha Henry's production it
does a bit of both. The role is played by Jennifer Paterson, a young Vancouver
actress making her Toronto debut. (She gets an "and introducing" credit in the
program, something I've certainly never encountered in the theatre before.) She
is short and schlumpy and technically unprepared for the load of transitions her
author throws at her. The latter liability means that, in a pinch, she falls
back on unmodulated rage: a tendency that makes many of her scenes heavy going.
Yet, despite her limitations, indeed partly because of them, she gets to the
core of the character and is moving. Catherine has led a sheltered life. Her
mind has had far more chance to develop than have her emotions, so she can be
verbally sharp, even cruel, and she can be excruciatingly hurt. Paterson, who
has a perfect heartbreak look, conveys all of this; her Catherine really could
be an idiot savant. (I am not saying she is.)

In New York and London, the role has been played by a succession of stars, up to
and including Gwyneth Paltrow. Maybe I'd feel differently if I'd seen one of
them at it; not having done so, I have to say that I find such casting
incredible. As far as the crucial relationship with the father is concerned, I
suspect they would have presented loyal, glowing daughters (the standard
Broadway model) rather than loyal resentful ones. This is not a part for
glamour, least of all for glamour pretending to be something else, and anyway
they must all have been too old. Paterson seems, if anything, too young.

However, her vulnerability risks making her sister seem stunningly
unsympathetic, in every sense, and Henry's production does nothing to redress
the balance. Tamara Bernier's Claire is pure polished brass, varied only in the
wake of her dad's wake by an exaggerated hangover scene that has her wearing her
hair Gorgon-style while moaning about "those physicists." She also torpedoes
belief, not to mention subtlety, by singing an entire chorus of New York State
of Mind as she waits to go home. A few hummed bars might be credible, but
anything more seems like a sop to Bernier's own track record as a musical-comedy
performer. And if it's meant to be a convention, couldn't the other characters,
hometown loyalists all, be allowed to sing in reply that their kind of town,
Chicago is?

Matthew Edison is excellent as the fresh-faced Hal, who squirms hard to be
decent and in the second half of the play gets more accusations thrown at him
than his behaviour seems to warrant. Hardee T. Lineham as Robert suffers from
being strictly a creature of the past, meaning that his appearances keep halting
the play just when we are keenest to learn what happens next. He has a long
speech about the winter beauties of Chicago, which he delivers straight to the
audience. But this may be what it's for; I can't think of any other function it
serves, apart from giving the proceedings a spurious aura of poetry.

In the end, I don't know what the play's about. It certainly doesn't say
anything of note about New York versus Chicago. As a study of fathers and
daughters, it offers nothing new. More importantly, it can't revitalize the
already familiar. In its treatment of varying attitudes toward possible genius,
it plays out well as melodrama, but is maddeningly unspecific. As the author
himself has admitted, there is no real need for the characters to be math
whizzes rather than any other kind of clever. Compare, inevitably, Tom
Stoppard's Arcadia, which also offers a female mathematical prodigy, whose
preoccupations are integral to the themes of the play and whose theories we very
nearly get to understand. Proof is a fair evening's entertainment, but it
deepens my decades-long suspicion of what mainstream America takes for serious
theatre.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: David Cooper, Canadian Stage; Matthew Edison as
Hal and Jennifer Paterson as Catherine.

TYPE: Review

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    January 10, 2001 Wednesday Final Edition

It's time for the Blue Jays to get David Wells far out of town

SOURCE: Torstar News Service

BYLINE: Richard Griffin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


David Wells is neither the lovable free spirit nor the dedicated team leader he
appears to be.

Behind his most quotable quotes, it's all about him. And the hot issue for Wells
(other than his Pacific honeymoon) is not whether Toronto is a hockey town. The
real issue du jour is the $20 million US in guaranteed money for a 2002-2003
extension he knows he will never get from the Toronto Blue Jays but may finagle
from the New York Mets.

The ace lefty's mean-spirited ramblings in a New York newspaper last week
concerning Toronto fans and the Jays organization have put GM Gord Ash behind a
rather large eight-ball.

When Wells claimed the Jays were "not committed to winning," it begged
interpretation. What Boomer objected to was not the re-signing of Alex Gonzalez,
the signing of Dan Plesac nor the trade for Steve Parris. This team is as
talented as the one which led in July and folded as Wells himself faded down the
stretch.

Instead, what Boomer perceives as the Jays' lack of commitment to winning was
the hiring of Buck Martinez as manager. That was seen as a weak public relations
move designed by new owners to bring fans back to the ballpark. A stunt.

To a hard-nosed baseball guy like Wells, bringing in a broadcaster to manage is
like making talk-show host and motorcycle enthusiast Jay Leno president of the
Hells Angels.

In the wake of his rant, instead of "listening to three or four solid offers,"
as Ash and team president Paul Godfrey put it last month in Dallas at the winter
meetings, it's clear the Jays must now trade Wells.

If history means anything, Ash now has 29 other major-league teams right where
he wants them when it comes to making a deal. His hand is being forced and
that's when he's at his best.

His best three all-time deals in six years at the helm were when he had no
choice. 1. Summer 1999, Tony Batista and John Frascatore for Plesac; 2. Spring
1999, Roger Clemens for Wells, Homer Bush and Graeme Lloyd. 3. Winter 1999,
Shawn Green for Raul Mondesi and Pedro Borbon.

With that in mind, Gord, here's some advice. Call Mets' GM Steve Phillips and
nail down the Glendon Rusch offer. It is the best deal you can do. Rusch, at 25
years old, was a solid 11-11 with a 4.01 ERA and proved fearless in post-season
play. He's a pitcher on the rise.

Other lefties at the same age? Wells was 3-5, with a 4.62 ERA; Al Leiter was
0-0, with a 27.00 ERA; Mike Hampton was 11-7, with a 3.36 ERA and Chuck Finley
was 9-15, with a 4.17 ERA. Pretty comparable.

Don't worry about how it appears to the fans. Big names have never sold tickets
at the SkyDome. And having Wells in the clubhouse for even one day of spring
training will do nothing but undermine the new manager's position. Pull the
trigger now.

Wells never wanted to be traded back to Toronto. But for two seasons, the
organization and its fans have chosen to ignore Boomer's bad-body language.

His strategy for escape began to clear after the season past, when his agent
called and asked for the club option year worth $9 million US to be guaranteed
immediately and for an additional year to be added to the length of the contract
for 2003. He already knew the Jays would not accept the conditions. He was
subtly buying his one-way ticket out of town.

The Jays should make the deal with the Mets for Rusch and a bag of balls and
count their blessings.

Gonzalez signs with Tribe

Juan Gonzalez agreed to a $10-million US, one-year contract with the Cleveland
Indians, giving the club a right-fielder and power hitter to replace Manny
Ramirez. The contract includes a $14-million US mutual option for 2002. Gonzalez
is a two-time American League MVP.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           December 27, 1998, Sunday

FIRST LEG OF POLK PARKWAY OPENS TO TRAFFIC

BYLINE: MICHAEL VAN SICKLER The Ledger

SECTION: Year in Review 1998; Pg. Y4

LENGTH: 316 words


LAKELAND -- They said it couldn't be done.

Since the 1950s, planners and developers tried to get a highway built in South
Lakeland to ease east-west traffic in the city.

For nearly 40 years, precious little money was available to pay for such a road.

That all changed in 1990, when the Legislature approved the construction of the
Polk Parkway. The impossible was now imaginable, with a road that would extend
from the Clark Road intersection on Interstate 4 through South Lakeland and
Central Polk to I-4 north of Auburndale.

The first seven-mile section from South Florida Avenue to I-4 opened in August.

But what was originally conceived as a free-access highway was approved by
lawmakers as a toll road -- the only way to finagle financing.

Because it became a toll road, some planners doubted that the road's original
intent of diverting local traffic from such heavily traveled roads like Edgewood
Drive would ever be realized.

Add that some computer projections of the toll road's traffic were woefully
inaccurate -- in some instances, as much as 80 percent off original projections
-- and the Polk Parkway stands as a symbol to some South Florida legislators of
how the Florida Turnpike District's expansion is relying too heavily on South
Florida motorists. This session, a bill was defeated that would have prevented
the Turnpike from further expansion.

Well-traveled or not, there's no stopping the $ 471 million Polk Parkway now.
The whole 25-mile road is expected to be done by the end of 1999. While
motorists may not be attracted to the Parkway, developers are.

"The interest just continues to increase as we get closer and closer to the
completion," said Gene Engle, a real estate salesman. "It has just opened up a
lot of land to development because the land now has good accessibility, and
that's key to development, especially retail development."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1998 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 29, 2008 Tuesday

SICKO POSES AS HEATH'S FATHER - SCAM FOOLS CELEBS & FUNERAL HOME

BYLINE: JAMIE SCHRAM and DAN MANGAN

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 435 words


A twisted impostor pretending to be Heath Ledger's grieving dad cruelly duped
superstar Tom Cruise into consoling him over the phone - and nearly got John
Travolta to buy him a plane ticket to the United States, sources told The Post.

The sick scammer also suckered the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home in Manhattan,
where the tragic actor's body was held before being flown to Los Angeles, into
booking him and his "family" rooms at the ritzy Carlyle hotel nearby on Madison
Avenue, sources said. The hoaxer even got them to send free stuff to their rooms
"when nobody was there," a source said.

And the man falsely claiming to be Kim Ledger spoke on the phone with the doctor
who performed the autopsy on the "Brokeback Mountain" star, a spokeswoman for
the Medical Examiner's Office confirmed.

Meanwhile, the real Kim Ledger, a race-car driver, arrived in New York on a
flight from LA yesterday. He was spotted exiting the airport, but it was unclear
where he was heading.

Cops want to arrest the con man on fraud and larceny charges, and sent
detectives to Ledger's wake at the funeral home Friday in hopes of catching him,
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said.

But police do not know the identity of the impostor - who also tried to finagle
from one unidentified Hollywood star the numbers of actors Mel Gibson and
Christian Bale, who have co-starred in movies with Ledger.

The hoax began soon after Ledger, 28, was found dead one week ago today in his
SoHo apartment near two opened packets of prescription pills. By the next day, a
man claiming to be Kim Ledger managed to get Cruise on the phone, a source said.

Over the next few days, he "had had a couple of conversations with" Cruise,
asking for emotional support, said the source. But Cruise abruptly cut him off
when he learned "he was an impostor," the source said. "Heath's reps found out
there was this hoaxer and they called various celebs." Sources close to Cruise
confirmed the impostor contacted him.

Travolta publicist Samantha Mast said, "John spoke with the guy briefly before
he realized he was an impostor. He did not make arrangements to buy him a plane
ticket." But a source said Travolta, who had been "making arrangements to buy
[the impostor] a plane ticket from Australia to LA and subsequently to New
York."

Ledger's funeral is expected to be some time this week in his hometown of Perth,
Australia.

Meanwhile, a lawyer for actress Mary-Kate Olsen continued to refuse to answer
question about why she sent her bodyguards to Ledger's apartment after the
masseuse who discovered his body called her three times before dialing 911.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INSULT TO INJURY: A man impersonating the real Kim Ledger (left,
arriving at JFK last night), father of Heath Ledger (above, right), conned a
funeral home into booking him rooms at The Carlyle on Madison Avenue.
[Turgeon/Rocke/Splash News]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 11, 1982 Monday

A failure   you feel   sorry for

BYLINE: JAY SCOTT; GAM

LENGTH: 531 words


BY  JAY SCOTT
   Lookin' To Get Out (at the Uptown), a largely regrettable but spottily
 entertaining experiment on the part of some extremely talented folks, is
 like a terminally wounded puppy: in the end, the thing's cuteness only
 adds to the tragedy of its misery. When the picture is good, it inspires
 hope and affection; when it's bad, it calls forth sighs and whispers.

Lookin' To Get Out is a failure, but it's the kind of failure you feel  sorry
for.

The director is Hal Ashby, whose films include Shampoo, Coming Home,
 Bound For Glory, Harold and Maude, Being There, The Last Detail and The
 Landlord. The cinematographer is the peerless Haskell Wexler, who has
 three times won Oscars (Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Interviews with
 My Lai Veterans and Bound For Glory). The stars are Jon Voight and Ann-M
 argret. The setting is a candy-colored Las Vegas. Here's a film that's got
 it all - except a leading man and a script.

The story, by Al Schwartz and Voight, follows a luminously immature New
 York-based compulsive gambler, Alex Kovac (Jon Voight), to Vegas, where
 with his partner, Jerry Feldman (Burt Young), he hopes to score a win that
 will settle old scores (two nasty bill collectors are on Alex's trail).

He arrives in the city of neon, finagles (by means never entirely
 explained) a freebie suite at the MGM Grand Hotel, runs into a once-famous
 gambler who will become a key to the movie's scam,  and bumps into a girl
 friend, Patti (Ann-Margret), he has not seen for six years. Patti is the
 well-appointed mistress of Bernie Gold (Richard Bradford), the owner of
 the Grand, but Alex's reappearance unaccountably sets her heart aflutter.

All this looks, on screen, even more unlikely than it sounds. Although
 Lookin' To Get Out is not looking for realism - Wexler's wonderfully
 photographed Las Vegas is almost as glitteringly stylized as Francis
 Coppola's reconstruction of the city for One From The Heart - even a
 fantasy requires internal logic.

Ann-Margret does a fine job of acting a character whose behavior is as
 eccentric as the trajectory of a ball of mercury. And Burt Young gives a
 brilliant performance as a well-tailored Ratso Rizzo, Joe Buck's best
 friend in Midnight Cowboy; his slow but steady buddy suggests what Ratso
 might have been like if he'd had cowboy Joe's brain. But these two glowing
 satellites are circling a void. Or a Voight.

In his first comic role, Voight, lately paired with little Ricky
 Schroder in The Champ, becomes maniacally tiresome in attempting to
 convince the audience that the immature, self-destructive Alex is worth
 caring about. The only thing Alex really has going for him is that he is
 played by Jon Voight, and that, as it turns out, is not enough.

Voight is eager to please, his New York accent is right on, and he's
 still got all his hair, but he can't charm the audience into rooting for a
 brat. (Alex is a  big Ricky Schroder.) As Voight gets older, his
 characters grow mentally younger. The boxer in The Champ was about 14, but
 Alex is in the "terrible twos" stage - tops. It's a tribute to Ashby's
 talent as a director that during Lookin' To Get Out's climax he generates
 a terrific amount of suspense on behalf of a baby.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

Pohlad should give as well as he receives;
The Twins owner is getting a great gift with a stadium. He should say thanks by
signing his stars to long-term deals.

BYLINE: Jim Souhan, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Jim Souhan; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 672 words


The news that the Pohlads might have cut themselves a sweet deal on the land
surrounding the new ballpark is remindful of the words of Captain Renault in
"Casablanca." To paraphrase: "I'm shocked, shocked to learn there is
profiteering going on in this establishment.''

Outrage is appropriate only if you didn't see this coming, if you were the lone
delusional soul who thought the Pohlads could cut a deal without leveraging an
extra sawbuck. Earnhardts turn left, Grants coach football, Clintons campaign,
Pohlads finagle.

Is this fair, right, decent, seemly? Nah. Is it part of doing business with Carl
Pohlad, The Man Who Saved (and later tried to kill) Baseball in Minnesota? Yeah.

So today, let's skip the predictable-if-true protest that the taxpayers deserve
better. I can't make that argument anyway, because I believe in the tangible and
intangible benefits of a new ballpark, I don't want to live in a region lacking
outdoor baseball, and however easy it is for a non-Hennepin County resident to
say, I would have been happy to pay the miniscule tax.

Let's instead spin this forward. Pohlad bought the team for $32 million in 1986.
The new ballpark, with the county contributing $392 million and the team $130
million, will increase the value of the franchise to perhaps, say, $900 million.

According to Forbes (yes, the magazine that rated Kevin McHale as the top
general manager in pro sports, so reader beware), Pohlad is worth about $2.8
billion, and his presumed net worth will grow when the new ballpark opens, and
grow even more if his land-baron finagling reaps a windfall beyond the outfield
fences.

Fine. Rich get richer; death and taxes; you need money to make money; if the
rich could hire other people to die for them, the poor would make a wonderful
living; class warfare would be a lot more fun if the rich didn't always win.

Pohlad has made two excellent moves as Twins owner - hiring Andy MacPhail and
Terry Ryan as his two general managers. Both hired good field managers who have
won more games than their payroll would seem to allow.

In return, Pohlad, thanks to the expertise of others, has witnessed an
incredible appreciation of his asset. This year, his modestly compensated team
could draw 2.5 million.

Mr. Pohlad: It's time to invest in the investment that has paid so many
dividends, that has allowed you to celebrate two World Series titles and six
division championships, that has brought more glory to your surname than any
farm foreclosure.

If you had any sense of history, or public relations, you'd call two news
conferences this summer.

At the first, you would announce that you are so thrilled with the public
funding and the possibilities of developing the area around the ballpark that
you have decided to slap a roof on top of the joint and call it Pohlad Field, to
stand as a reminder of the good your family has done in Minnesota. You would
become a hero to anyone who hasn't had to negotiate with you, and your family
would benefit for generations. (Also, when your family sells the team, the roof
would inflate the price, making it yet another wise investment.)

At the second news conference, you would announce the signing of Johan Santana,
Torii Hunter, Justin Morneau, Michael Cuddyer and Joe Nathan to long-term
contracts, ensuring that the Twins will be contending for titles up to and
beyond the opening of Pohlad Field.

Adding a roof to the ballpark and blowing the roof off your self-imposed salary
cap would require enormous payments. The guess here is the check wouldn't
bounce.

You're 91. It's time to live a little. It's time to try to win another World
Series, to push your attendance to 3 million annually, to make the ballpark a
place to celebrate excellence, not subsidize mediocrity.

And if you consider the roof and contracts mutually exclusive, the advice here
is to sign the players. Would fans rather wear a coat while watching Torii
Hunter, or a tank top while watching Denard Span?

Jim Souhan can be heard Sundays from 10 a.m.-noon on AM-1500 KSTP.
jsouhan@startribune.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 30, 2012 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Sundance's BIG FINISH Our film festival diary director, Jake Schreier of
Brooklyn, heads to a feel-good ending

BYLINE: BY Elizabeth Weitzman New York Daily News

SECTION: NOW; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 750 words


In his first visit to the Sundance Film Festival, Brooklyn-based director Jake
Schreier premiered his first picture, "Robot &amp; Frank." The futuristic
dramedy stars Frank Langella as an aging -con man who reluctantly accepts a
robot caregiver (voiced by Peter Sarsgaard) from his concerned children (James
Marsden and Liv Tyler).

When Schreier left his Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, home for Park City, Utah, he had
no idea what to expect. Last week, he shared his excitement, anxiety and
exhaustion with The News.

Many films screen in a short amount of time at Sundance, so it's always a
challenge to break out of the festival pack. But by Wednesday, "Robot &amp;
Frank" had hit the Sundance jackpot: rave reviews, big buzz and finally - well,
find out for yourself.

MONDAY, JAN. 23

So far, Sundance hasn't been as much about movies as I'd expect. As a filmmaker,
you hear about a lot of great titles, but you're either at your own Q&As, doing
interviews, or (with luck and hope) in meetings with distributors. It's a shame,
because there are a ton of films here I'd love to see, and I have a lot of
friends with movies in the festival.

In fact, it wasn't until today that I got to see my first film, "Bachelorette,"
which was written and directed by fellow NYU grad Leslye Headland and stars
James Marsden - who's also in our movie, so I was able to finagle a ticket.

It's fun to watch someone else go through the whole process - their press line,
their nervous introductions - as a spectator. I was able to see the play in New
York a few years ago, so it was also cool to see it translated to the screen.

TUESDAY, JAN. 24

Now it's business time. After days of fielding offers and some signs of interest
from a variety of studios, we're finally getting into serious negotiations with
a couple of them. Generally I try to stay out of the [financial] process, for
the sake of my sanity. But picking a distributor is about more than just
numbers. You want to know how wide the release is going to be, how they're going
to handle the marketing, who they feel the target audience is.

I once heard Jonathan Demme say he wanted to make movies only if they'd be
released by people who cared as much about distributing them as he did about
making them. We're lucky to have investors who consider more than just the
bottom line and want this film to make a cultural impact. That gives us the
freedom to find the best home for the movie.

I stop by the "war room" at the Park City Marriott, where our team of producers,
investors and sales reps are holed up. Come midnight we feel like we're in a
good place, but things won't get finished until the morning. Which means I'll
wake up at 7 a.m. fidgeting again.

WEDNESDAY, JAN. 25

The deal is finally done.

My producers, Sam Bisbee and Galt Niederhoffer, actually rousted everyone and
kept negotiating through the night. Most of our team leaves Park City today, and
given how close we were, I think we all wanted to go home with a deal. The last
points get ironed out in the morning, and by noon we can announce: Sony
Pictures, in association with Samuel Goldwyn Entertainment, is going to release
our film.

I feel like I can finally exhale. Everyone's pretty exhausted, but I head over
to the Marriott for a midday Champagne toast and then we go for a well-earned
steak.

I run back to my room and have just enough time to throw a few clothes in a bag
and head off to the airport. I'm taking a red-eye to New York to screen the film
at the Brooklyn Academy of Music tomorrow. It's going to be packed with friends
and family, and hopefully some fresh viewers, too.

THURSDAY, JAN. 26

Landed in New York this morning. I love catching the view of the skyline from
the BQE when returning from a trip. Today, however, I slept the entire ride and
missed it.

Tonight we screened at BAM. I knew it would be fun to try the movie out in front
of a New York audience, but it was more a homecoming than anything else.

Almost everyone who worked on the film lives here, so the screening became a
chance to show off the finished film to crew, friends and family. Obviously you
can't get much objectivity from your friends, but there were people in that
audience who mean the world to me, and getting to show them something I'm proud
of was a great feeling. I'm even starting to get compliments on my Q&A skills!

It would be nice to get some sleep, but I have a 7 a.m. flight back to Park
City, and a Sloan Foundation panel on science in film that I'd have trouble
keeping up with even with proper rest.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Liv Tyler and Frank Langella in Jake Schreier's Sundance debut, "Robot
and Frank" Director Jake Schreier found a busy scene at Sundance, filling his
schedule with premiere duties and meetings with potential distributors. Friends,
family and crew helped fill a BAM screening for "Robot and Frank."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Theater Review: 'Good People' relatable, thought-provoking

BYLINE: By Jennie Tezak tezakjennie35@gmail.com @jennie_tezak on Twitter

SECTION: STAGE

LENGTH: 462 words


CARMEL VALLEY &GT;&GT; It's amazing what a person will do when faced with a
desperate situation.

That was part of the theme of "Good People," playing at the Magic Circle Theatre
in Carmel Valley.

In the opening scene, Margaret, played to working-class perfection by Sherry
Kefalas, is fired from her job at the Dollar Store in present-day South Boston.
Her frustrated, defensive boss, Stevie, played wonderfully by Brandon Burns, is
letting her go for excessive tardiness. Margaret tries to talk her way out of it
to no avail.

On the advice of her friend Jean (Virginia Bell) and landlord Dottie (Faith
Collins-Beetty), Margaret   or Margie, as she's called   decides to try to
finagle a job from her old high school flame, Mikey (James Brady), who grew up
with her and is now a successful fertility doctor. There's no job, but Margie
manages to wrangle an invite to his birthday party at his house in a fancy side
of town, and she cooks up a scheme with Jean and Dottie to try to get money out
of him.

The play explores the theme of social class very well. Mikey left his childhood
behind once he became wealthy, which Margie sees as an abandonment of his
"Southie" background. Though her motives in trying to extort money from him were
questionable, she was so desperate that I felt sorry for her. There's something
sad, and telling, about being laid off from The Dollar Store.

Still, the play was filled with humor, peppered with foul language and sharp
jokes, and all the actors had perfect timing.

Indeed, the actors were as interesting as the plot, and I was drawn in from the
very beginning. Kefalas was facially expressive. Bell was sharp.
Collins-Beetty's pink outfits made her look like she was stuck in the 1980s, but
she was cute and the perfect blonde. Similarly, Brady looked the part of the
handsome, wealthy doctor. Ayanna Blount was extremely believable as Mikey's
perfect if somewhat uptight wife.

The sets were simple but effective, inviting me into the rooms with the actors.
Beatles music played at the beginning, middle and end of the play, apropos given
that the Fab Four came from a "working class" background.

There were some opening weekend snags   one of the stagehands had trouble
pulling down a bamboo screen to separate a bingo hall from the previous set
piece, and the scenes took a little bit of time to change. There were a few
flubbed lines, but the actors recovered well.

Overall, though, "Good People" is thought-provoking, interesting and comedic,
with an ending left open to interpretation.

Jennie Tezak is a Herald correspondent.Calling All Critics

Are you a theater buff who would like to try your hand at reviews? The Herald is
looking for volunteers to join the Critics Circle. Send a brief bio and a
writing sample to jevers@montereyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brandon Burns and Sherry Kefalas in "Good People."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Stravinksy Program With Ancient Inspiration

BYLINE: By ANTHONY TOMMASINI

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; MUSIC REVIEW; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 647 words


A couple of years ago the Philadelphia Orchestra seemed adrift as it searched
simultaneously for a chief executive, a board chairman and a music director. On
top of that were rumblings of financial problems. It was hard to imagine how
things could get worse for this great American ensemble.

Well, last month the Philadelphia Orchestra filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection. This decision may be evidence of severe financial straits, a
strategic business move to finagle a way through a crisis or, most likely, a
little of both.

Still, whatever is going on behind the scenes, the orchestra is playing its
concerts, including a challenging Stravinsky program on Tuesday night at
Carnegie Hall, where it has long enjoyed support from fans in the New York area.
During the first work, Stravinsky's ''Apollo,'' a ballet in two tableaus, the
musicians looked and sounded a little demoralized, though this may have been the
impression left by the super-refined approach that Charles Dutoit, the chief
conductor, took to this delicately textured Neo-Classical score. After
intermission Mr. Dutoit led vocal soloists, the men of the Philadelphia Singers
Chorale and the orchestra in a compelling account of ''Oedipus Rex,''
Stravinsky's 50-minute opera-oratorio.

The financial crisis came at a time when the orchestra seemed exhilarated by
having lined up Yannick Nezet-Seguin, one of the most dynamic conductors of the
new generation, as its music director, starting in 2012.

In the meantime Mr. Dutoit is a classy caretaker, though I found his lackluster
''Apollo'' puzzling. The scenario for this ballet depicts the birth of Apollo to
Zeus and Leto, and shows this all-purpose god of light, truth, medicine, the
arts and more in a series of dances with three muses. In approaching the subject
Stravinsky evokes antiquity through music of distilled, austerely Neo-Classical
grace. Composed in 1927-28, the work is scored just for strings; the textures
are transparent, the harmonic language quite diatonic.

Yet Stravinsky was inspired here, at least in part, by French Baroque music. The
score is run through with dotted-note rhythmic figures and stately dances. Mr.
Dutoit drew richness and carefully voiced harmonies from the strings and
conveyed the music's mystery. But the restrained tempos and deliberate gait
drained vitality from the score.

''Oedipus Rex'' (1926-27), based on the Sophocles tragedy, is an unconventional
dramatic work. Jean Cocteau's text, originally in French, alternates passages
for a narrator (performed here in English translation) with arias and choruses
that Stravinsky had translated into Latin, to give the work a quasi-religious
aura.

The narrator here, David Howey, intoned the text in English-accented speech that
was heavily amplified, which made the words come across like fatalistic
pronouncements. The roster of vocal soloists was not the best. Though the tenor
Paul Groves captured the questioning earnestness and, later, the shell-shocked
torment of Oedipus in his expressive singing, his voice was sometimes strained.

The mezzo-soprano Petra Lang wobbled her way through Queen Jocasta's aria,
though she made plenty of sound and brought great breadth to the almost Verdian
vocal lines. The bass-baritone Robert Gierlach as Creon and the Messenger, the
baritone David Wilson-Johnson as the seer Tiresias and the tenor Matthew Plenk
as the Shepherd all had their moments.

The chorus sang with fervor and full-bodied tone. And from the gnashing opening
chords to the stunned final moments of the work -- in which Oedipus' subjects
sing their pitying, emotionally spent farewell to the king, who has blinded
himself -- Mr. Dutoit drew a vibrant performance from the orchestra and chorus:
incisive yet never rigid, intense yet august. The audience, perhaps mindful of
the orchestra's troubles but also roused to enthusiasm, broke into a prolonged
ovation.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Philadelphia Orchestra: Charles Dutoit conducting works for
ballet and opera-oratorio on Tuesday at Isaac Stern Auditorium, Carnegie Hall.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD TERMINE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 8, 2008 Saturday

Truth has been lost in the storm

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 573 words


The conspiracy theory informing the so-called NAFTA-gate scandal goes like this:
In an effort to help fellow conservative John McCain win the U.S. presidential
election, Prime Minister Stephen Harper has an aide leak confidential material
to discredit Barack Obama, the Democrats' best hope. The plot works. News
stories surface revealing that Obama is insincere in his critique of the North
American Free Trade Agreement. As a result, he loses the crucial Ohio primary to
rival Hillary Clinton. In the end, however, Harper chief of staff Ian Brodie is
revealed as the leaker, leaving Harper with egg on his face and the Americans
mighty ticked.

Bob Rae, the former New Democratic premier now running for the Liberals,
expressed the gist of the theory in his blog: "The Harperite farm team is an
offspring of the Republican Party of the United States. These guys will do ...
whatever it takes to help their friends in the United States."

It's an appealing theory for those who don't like Harper, one that is belied
only by a few inconvenient facts such as:

Brodie didn't leak the information used to discredit Obama.

It's not clear that Obama would do better against McCain than Clinton. Indeed,
this is exactly the question that Democrats are trying to figure out.

Harper's political interests would be better served if a Democrat - any Democrat
- beat Republican McCain. That's because both Clinton and Obama say they would
move U.S. troops from Iraq into Afghanistan, which is Harper's war. McCain, on
the other hand, is fixated on Iraq.

The Americans aren't ticked. In one of only two newspaper editorials I could
find on the controversy, the Rochester, N.Y. Democrat and Chronicle praised
"Prime Minister Peter Harper" (sic) for trying to smooth over the issue, adding:
"It isn't as if the United States has never tried to finagle outcomes ... in
other countries."

None of this has stopped the Brodie-NAFTA story from dominating the Commons. But
in the process, much of what happened - or didn't happen - has been lost.

First, remember that the basis of this whole saga is a Democratic critique of
NAFTA that few believed was sincere. Both Clinton and Obama talk tough. But
their remedies are modest (both want unspecified labour and environmental
standards) and achievable (Canada and Mexico are desperate to keep NAFTA alive).

Second, there was not one leak but three. Brodie did tell some reporters on Feb.
26 that Clinton had assured Ottawa she was kidding about NAFTA. But it seems he
was either wrong or fibbing. Her campaign denied talking to Canadian officials
and dared Ottawa to prove otherwise.

The second leak occurred the next day when CTV reported that Obama's camp had
told Canada their candidate's NAFTA attacks weren't serious.

The third and most damaging leak happened the day before the March 4 Ohio
primary, when The Associated Press got hold of a Canadian diplomatic memo citing
a senior Obama staffer as saying that the Illinois senator's NAFTA critique was
just political posturing.

Now it may be Harper planned the entire caper. But it's not clear why he would
mastermind an operation fated to result in his own embarrassment (unlike
off-the-record comments, written memos cannot be plausibly denied).

As for the hapless Brodie, it seems he was just using his don't-quote-me status
to tell mistruths to the press - which is one of the things political aides are
paid to do.

Thomas Walkom's column appears Thursday and Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                March 27, 2000, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

A political sacrifice at USF

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 554 words



David Shern, dean of the Louis de la Parte Florida Mental Health Institute at
the University of South Florida, says nobody in Tallahassee or at USF came right
out and told him to fire Mary Brennan, a former legislator who intends to run
for office again this fall. But then, nobody had to. Shern knows how to read
between the lines, and he also knows that the institute's budget perennially has
been an inviting target for lawmakers.

Shern does acknowledge that he got a call Tuesday from new USF President Judy
Genshaft and USF lobbyist Kathy Betancourt in Tallahassee, who told him "several
people" in the Capitol had questioned them about Brennan's plans to run for a
legislative seat. One of those "several people" was Rep. Leslie Waters,
R-Seminole, who holds the seat Democrat Brennan once held and hopes to regain.
By Tuesday night, Shern had fired Brennan.

Fairly or not, USF policy allows the university to fire any employee whose
political candidacy might conflict with USF's interests. Still, both the state
university system and the political system suffer when academic freedom collides
with partisan hardball.

In theory, the members of our part-time Legislature should be able to hold
public office without sacrificing their outside careers. In practice, many
lawmakers use the power of public office to finagle outside jobs for which they
otherwise would not qualify. Rep. Lars Hafner, D-St. Petersburg, was an
instructor at St. Petersburg Junior College before joining the Legislature.
Today, he has amorphous duties as an associate vice president at SPJC. Sen.
George Kirkpatrick, R-Gainesville, has held a lucrative job representing
Florida's private colleges while serving as chairman of the Senate Higher
Education Committee.

Did politics cost Brennan her job as director of community development for
FMHI's department of aging and mental health? It sure looks that way. Did
politics help her get that job in the first place? Probably, although she did
similar work before becoming a legislator.

Chancellor Adam Herbert and the Board of Regents are supposed to insulate the
state university system from such crass politics, but that wall is being
breached more brazenly by the day. Lawmakers not content to mismanage their own
affairs are sticking their noses more deeply into the university system (and the
court system). Both Herbert and new regents chairman Tom Petway have close
political and corporate ties to Gov. Jeb Bush. Genshaft owes her job to Petway,
who intervened to have her included among the finalists for the position.

And in one of her first official acts since accepting the USF job, Genshaft went
to meet legislative leaders in Tallahassee, where she became entangled in an
episode that smells of petty partisan politics.

Genshaft hasn't had time to learn much about FMHI, other than that a political
liability named Mary Brennan worked there until Tuesday. As a newcomer to
Florida, Genshaft deserves to be cut some slack on this one. The real problem is
bigger than USF's offering up Brennan as a political sacrifice. Now that she has
kissed all the obligatory rings in Tallahassee, Genshaft can turn her attention
to what used to be a university president's first priority: getting to know the
needs of students, faculty, staff and the surrounding community.


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 29, 1994 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Ball isn't breaking their way Pitchers between Rockies and a hard place

BYLINE: PIKE'S PEEK

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 534 words


A few hours before Memorial Day, a week or so until the anniversary of D-Day.
Hey kids, what day is this? Peek Day!

THINGS GET HARRY: Just when your Peekster was starting to believe in the
qualities of Greg Harris as the Pet Rocks' ace, he comes home and pitches BP in
two straight starts. Maybe that stuff about curveballs not breaking in the
rarified air is true, after all.

SPEAKING OF WHICH: Why did Lance Painter get shipped back to the boonies so
quickly? The guy is left-handed and he throws strikes. Those are two pretty good
reasons he should have been given a longer look in the bigs. Could it be that
the front office is trying to justify the big bucks it is throwing at Darren
Holmes and Mike Harkey? Thought so.

BEEN THERE, DONE THAT, GOT THE T-SHIRT: That's the big treat of the Indy 500,
and why your Peeknificence will be glued to the tube watching all the left turns
this A.M. Seeing those cars rocket down the straightaway and diving into Turn 1
reminds Him/Her/It of westbound Speer Boulevard, and the frenetic commotion on
pit row isn't unlike the parking lot at the Aurora Mall.

GET A CLUE: Word leaks out of Dove Valley that a Broncos overture worth $
300,000 or so to Karl Mecklenburg has been summarily rejected by the aged
linebacker. Fine. Finagle a government job like the one that got mom in trouble,
Meckster, or call when you get work.

FISH OR CUT BAIT: Are the phones ringing at Nuggets HQ yet? Anybody dying to
take Mahmoud Adios-Raul off Denver's hands? Nah. Who wants a 5-foot-10 shooting
guard? If Bernie the B wants to get realistic, he'll just give a nice kid his
release, let him try to find another NBA home, and begin the serious search for
a starting point guard.

AWAY OUT WEST: Any moves Les Nugets might make during the off-season probably
will come as a surprise to that exalted sports chronicle we fondly know as "SI,"
which totally ignored Denver's playoff run for two weeks and gave the Nuggets a
grand total of about three backdoor paragraphs while advancing the conference
finals in its latest issue. If it ain't East Coast to that elitist mag, it ain't
happening.

HARDWOOD GRAVEYARD: How bad is it for coaches in the NBA? So bad that commish
David Stern is trying to lure Mike K from Dookie U. to matriculate to the pros.
Oh, good idea. Give up the Halls of Ivy for a league in which guys like the
Nets' Derrick Coleman celebrate a loss to the Knicks by partying all night at a
Manhattan disco and getting into a punchout with some local punks, to boot. No
wonder Chuck Daly is shuffling off to the broadcasting booth.

TANK TOWN: Speaking of the NB of A, how about that 68-point effort by Pat
Greaseball's Knicks yesterday? Suggestion: Five-game series throughout the
playoffs. Then teams can't afford to play dead for a day or two.

PEEK-A-YEA: To the National Hockey League for using those urinal cakes in the
crease. It sure is easier to see the biscuit go into the basket these days.

PEEK-A-BOO: To Darryl Strawberry. Taking even one dollar as a settlement with
the Dodgers would have been stealing.

And, good morning, Mario Andretti. Make it a safe 29th trip around The Brickyard
today, and go ahead and win it, for that matter.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 26, 1980, Saturday, Final Edition

Crime, Women And Song;
A Weekend of Hilarity and Monotony

BYLINE: By Tom Shales

SECTION: Style; TV Previews; B1

LENGTH: 2027 words


"Tenspeed and Brown Shoe" breaks at least the 55-mph speed limit and perhaps the
sound barrier as it bursts out of the starting gate with a two-hour breakneck
premiere tomorrow night on ABC.  Whether considered suspenseful hilarity or
hilarious suspense, it is hard to recall an action series that made a more
impressive and riotous debut.

Ben Vereen plays Early Leroy Turner, a con man, or "tenspeed" in some arcane
street-level argot, and Jeff Goldblum plays stockbroker Lionel Whitney, a real
"brown shoe," a pin-stripe, a Brooks Brother whose heart is not in the market.
In the premiere, at 8 on Channel 7, the tenspeed and the brown shoe both end up
as gumshoes under the unlikeliest but most entertaining circumstances.

As the film begins, Tenspeed is trying to finagle a brazen financial swindle and
has yet to meet Brown Shoe, who is also in San Francisco at the moment and
planning to leave for L.A. and life behind a desk.  Before the picture is over,
the two paths have collided helter-skelter and herky-jerky and the new teammates
find themselves in front of a church, ducking crossfire between Nazis and
Mafiosi over a missing $1 million in cash.

"In every story there's a plausibility factor" Vereen says at one point, "and
believe me, this one has no plausibility." He might be talking about the plot of
the show.  But plausibility is not much of a factor here; on a mixture of wit
and energy, "Tenspeed and Brown Shoe" levels all resistance and obliterates
disbelief.

Even the car chases are kind of witty on this show.  The first begins with one
car literally flying out into the frame and ends in a garbage truck parked in
front of San Francisco International Airport.

The show's wizardly combination of crackling character comedy and relatively
erudite mayhems was engineered by Stephen J. Cannell, who created not only this
series but the great and soon-to-be-late "Rockford Files."

Cannell's characters come across as believable, charming coconuts, not the usual
computer-generated TV composites.  With his eager, open, man-in-the-moon face,
Vereen makes Tenspeed a welcome, roguish, smalltime scoundrel, slipping in the
first hour through such disguises as a tough flight inspector, an obsequious
Jamaican clergyman and a garrulous, Tommish chauffeur.

It's graceful chicanery, stylish and funny, and when Vereen, hotly pursued by
gangsters, runs through a pool hall, one is reminded again of this acclaimed
actor-dancer's astonishing physical command.

The contrast with Goldblum's bewildered lankiness couldn't be better.  Goldblum
is one of those finds who keep getting found and then lost again; after watching
him monopolize the camera in small films like "Between the Lines," many expected
him to go through one roof after another, but he tended to be wasted in minor
roles in minor films like "Invasion of the Body Snatchers."

Here his delivery, full of surprises and not-so-veiled threats to pounce, serve
him very well; he looks like someone being held hostage by his own suit.  As
Brown Shoe, he is a closet detective who likes to play the board game Clue and
read cheaply lurid "Mark Savage" novels written by some galoot named "Stephen J.
Cannell."

No, Cannell has never written "Mark Savage" novels, but that is his picture seen
on the back jacket of the book.

Cannell and director E.W. Swackhamer ("The Dain Curse") keep this lark on that
delicate line between spoof and shoot-em-up, and the balancing act is in itself
amusing.  They also fill the film with quick, ripe character sketches, the best
of these being Jayne Meadows as Brown Shoe's prospective mother-in-law and
Simone Griffith as Brown Shoe's prospective wife.

Whenever the poor guy returns to her from anywhere, the bride-to-be bubbles,
"Did you miss me?  And when he leaves she says, "Are you going to miss me?"

Meadows may not be up to the great ladies of history she has to play of husband
Steve Allen's "Meeting of the Minds," but here for comic snap has real crackle.
Insinuating herself into the back seat of a cab, she huffs, "Oooo!  This cab
smells awful!  What makes taxis smell so bad?" The driver turns around and tells
her, "Drunks throw up in them."

A certain savory seediness was always a part of "Rockford's charm, and this
Cannell predilection also gives "Tenspeed" a flavor, atmosphere and attitude
that truly distinguish it from the usual bland TV prefab.  Cannell appreciates
social fringes and humanity's loopers, and he gives them an appropriately
lunatic stature.

Near the end of the film, when Goldblum, trapped on a bus full of a Paraguayan
athletes and escaped Nazis, cries out, "Things are not what they seem!",
"Tenspeed" echoes Hitchcock's favorite theme, the ordinary man catapulted into
incredible straits.  As breaths of fresh air go, "Tenspeed and Brown Shoe" blows
up a storm.
'$5.20 an Hour Dream'

While the women of America mull over the prospects of sailing off to World War
III, they can also contemplate life on the assembly line in "The $5.20 an Hour
Dream," an awfully trend-conscious but fundamentally thoughtful prob-drama CBS
movie at 9 tonight on Channel 9.

Linda Lavin plays, with unquestionable grit and tenacity, a divorced Southern
mother whose only route to financial independence is to graduate from the
ladies' jobs at an engine factory and on to the higher-paying assembly line,
heretofore the exclusive domain of men.

The problems she encounters are entirely but not ruinously predictable --
resentment from the guys and from their wives, the delicate task of liberating
the men's room, a touch of sexual harassment.  Writer Robert E. Thompson and
director Russ Mayberry keep the topicality subservient to the story and the film
from becoming a sob-sister heart-bleeder about a little-miss-martyr.

In fact, in the effort to give the heroine some blemishes, they may have gone
too far.  In an early scene at a bar, she comes off as a slobbery drunk, selfish
and abrasive.  But the filmmakers have at least managed to portray working
people mostly in a sensitive and straightforward way; "Dream" deals with a
social stratum TV usually ignores or trivializes into jokes.

The factory scenes are not as riveting as in "Skag," and some may see the film
as a watered-down "Norma Rae," But Lavin and, very notably, the undercelebrated
Nicholas Pryor as her sadly hapless ex-husband give "Dream" a tangible semblance
of reality.
Martian Chronicles'

Yech -- those earthlings!  They're not on Mars for two minutes and what do they
do?  They throw their bottles in the river and pollute it.  Just what you'd
expect.  No -- just what you'd dread: a futuristic morality tale about how
inferior humans must be to whatever other life, if any, exists in the universe.

Perhaps the second and third chapters offer more flash and less rant (most of
the spectacular scenes in NBC's promos are from those episodes), but part one of
"The Martian Chronicles," NBC's six-hour adaptation of the Ray Bradbury science
fiction book, is a feeble, preachy and nearly interminable waltz whose vu is
wearily deja.

The film, at 8 p.m. tomorrow on Channel 4 (with subsequent chapters Monday and
Tuesday at 9), moves lavoriously through a series of expeditions to the Red
Planet, where it seems they've had magnetic tape for 50,000 years but still live
in caves, have developed their sixth sense to the n th degree but have yet to
grow any ears.

Their way of life is at one with nature, we are told, but -- undoubtedly in an
exalted karmic state of heightened awareness -- they choose to murder all
visitors to their planet on the assumption that the intruders are determined to
set up Levittowns and shopping malls as far as the Martians' neon eyes can see.

Bradbury did not write the script, and has apparently disowned the adaptation,
but the man who did write it, Richard Matheson, is a veteran of outstanding
movie science-fiction and fantasy ("The Incredible Shrinking Man") and was a
frequent contributor to "The Twilight Zone." One expedition, in fact, meets a
"Twilight Zone" sort of fate; the Martians extract a crew member's memories of
his home town and recreate it on Mars, so it's there waiting for him when he
arrives.

The sequence, however, goes from moving to ludicrous when the Martians unmask
themselves and one of them sneers at the dying crewman that his chocolate
pudding -- "or what you thought was chocolate pudding," heh heh heh -- was
drugged.  Oh, brother!  They might as well have taken out a blackjack and
clobbered him on the noggin.

The director, Michael Anderson, is known for his lethargic touch in lead-footed
movies like "Shoes of the Fisherman." Rock Hudson, who heads one expedition,
seems duller even than usual, and though some of the Marscapes are pretty, the
planet's so-called glorious civilization left ruins that look like remains of
the 1939 New York World's Fair.
Voyage of Charles Darwin'

I first encountered "The Voyage of Charles Darwin" on a television set in my
office.  The year was 1980, although on the screen Darwin was but a young man
and the time was 1825.  While Darwin studied theology at Cambridge the HMS
Beagle, under able Captain FitzRoy, was just returning from Tierra del Fuego
with three captured natives on board.

The voice of Charles Darwin, or rather an actor impersonating him, narrates this
highly acclaimed BBC factual drama series, which premieres tomorrow night at 8
on Channel 26 and other PBS stations, and will continue for six more weeks.

Young Darwin is played by Malcolm Stoddard.  As a theology student visiting a
botany class, he hears a professor say of "the natural sciences" and theology
that "the two are not incompatible, as you see," I took careful note of the line
of dialogue as I was certain it held an important clue to the evolution of
Darwin's entire life.

I also remarked to myself upon the general and indeed almost tedious excellence
of the program, and of Andrew Burt's portrayal of the stalwart, efficient and
yet quick-tempered Capt. FitzRoy.  When the Beagle returns to England, of
course, Darwin will board her, with his friend Prof. Henslow, for a three-year
voyage that will, I dare say, result in new challenges to much of what human
beings thought they knew about their origins and their creator.

I vowed to encounter "The Voyage of Charles Darwin" again the next time it
appeared on my television set, and to make special mention of the studious
script by Robert Reid and the crisp direction of Martyn Friend, I decided not to
mention again, however, how scandalous and pitiful it is that American public TV
always seems to import such programs and never to produce them.
'Donna Summer'

Gather round, ye anthropologists, for "The Donna Summer Special," the latest
indication of erreparable cultural and moral decay in the 20th century.  ABC's
hour with Donna is tomorrow night at 10 on Channel 7.

"Once upon a time in the land of never-never," coos the disco queen, "I dreamed
of being a big entertainer." The dream did not precisely come true, so she
became a pop singer instread -- one so casually inept that she needs cue cards
for the lyrics to some of her own hits.

Mind you, these are hard-to-remember lyrics like "Dim all the lights, dim all
the lights, come on dim all the lights, dim all the lights," and, "on the radio,
whoa ah oh ah oh, on the radio, whoa ah oh ah oh . . . ."

Bad girl. Bad girl.  In a sequence with her tiny daughter Mimi, she lullabyes
the child with thoughts of a "fairy-tale high," and the tot, who apparently gets
off on drug imagery, promptly dreams her big dream of being a sex symbol at a
disco just like mom.

The repeatedly chanted theology is get-it-while-you-can and try-to-make-it-last,
and symptomatically, Summer changes the lyrics of "The Man I Love" from "he'll
be big and strong" to "he'll be rich and strong." She purrs, she struts, she
orders audience to put their hands together (and applaud her) and she makes one
pine not only for the great make-out music of past generations (Frank Sinatra,
Johnny Mathis) but also for the days when "decadent" was a pejorative.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures 1 through 3, Ben Vereen and Jeff Goldblum in "Tenspeed and
Brown Shoes," a scene from "The Martian Chronicles," and Donna Summer

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

The 5 stages of (automotive) grief

BYLINE: By Jeff Edelstein, Columnist, The Trentonian

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 770 words


From Wikipedia: The Kccbler-Ross model, commonly referred to as the "five stages
of grief", is a hypothesis introduced by Elisabeth Kccbler-Ross and says that
when a person is faced with the reality of impending death or other extreme,
awful fate, he or she will experience a series of emotional stages: denial,
anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance.

DENIAL: I just shook my head. Probably let out a little involuntary gasp. "Come
on,' I said to my guy at the auto shop (we all have auto shop guys, right?).
"There's got to be some way around this, no? Back in the old days, you just slap
a sticker on and presto! All good.'

"Doesn't work like that anymore,' he said. "Computerized.'

I couldn't believe it. It was going to cost me over $1,200 to get my
102,000-mile - and long ago paid off - Volvo through New Jersey inspection.
Catalytic converter. Ridiculous emissions standards. Car is barely worth the
money it would cost to fix it. What a joke. I couldn't believe it.

"There's nothing we can do?'

"We tried,' my guy said.

And they did. They had the car on and off for days, trying to finagle it through
inspection. They just couldn't do it.

ANGER: My wife was getting tired of my ranting. "Do you know that China builds a
new coal-fired power plant every week? And yet I have to pay a fortune to get my
car through inspection. Makes no (bleeping) sense. It's bull(bleep). I'll get my
car fixed when China stops building coal plants. How about that?'

And while my wife may have agreed, she takes a more a level-headed approach to
matters such as these. "What can you do?' she said.

Nothing. I was stuck. Then my dad had an idea: "Why don't you go to the dealer
and see if maybe there's been a recall or something? You might get lucky.'

So I marched into my local Volvo dealership and asked about any kind of recall.
I was told there wasn't.

On my way out, I saw something. It stopped me in my tracks. I don't like
throwing the word "gobsmacked' around very often, but I was. Gobsmacked.

BARGAINING: I've always wanted a 1978 Trans-Am. "Smokey and the Bandit,' baby.
My favorite car of all time. Clearly, though, not a prudent choice for a
41-year-old father of two.

But there is another car out there I wanted with equal, but very separate,
fervor. Had my eye on it for a few years. It may not be as hot as a 'c78
Trans-Am, but it's about as hot as I'm going to get these days.

That's right. You guessed it.

A minivan. A Honda Odyssey, to be exact.

A minivan would make sense for the family, especially if we have another kid,
especially if my wife does some home or after-school daycare. Plus, the Odyssey
is top-ranked by U.S. News, Edmunds and Consumer Reports. Only problem? Well out
of my price range.

Until the smacking of the gob at the Volvo dealership. I saw they had a used
Odyssey. And for whatever reason, the price was right. A good chunk off Kelley
Blue Book. Add in the money I'd be spending to fix my old car, plus the fact,
yeah, we want more kids and then there's the daycare thing and we're spending
almost the amount of a car payment on pre-school which we won't have to do soon
and next thing you know ... I'm out on a test drive, feeling like a latter-day
Bandit had he made some different life choices.

DEPRESSION: A few days later, we were buying the car. I was off sulking
somewhere in the dealership. I wasn't witness to the following question and
answer, but this what my wife told me, and I have no reason to disbelieve her.

"Why's Jeff so agitated?' the legitimately friendly car salesman asked.

"I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed,' my wife replied.

Yeah, I was agitated. Who needs to be plopping down a few grand and monthly
payments for four years? Not me. Times are tough out there. Last thing in the
world I wanted to do was bring more debt into my house. But it made sense, more
or less. We were doing it. We haven't had a car payment in years. Nice while it
lasted. We'll find a way to make it work.c

But still: Blech.

ACCEPTANCE: Drives like a dream. So easy to get the kids in and out. Nice bells
and whistles. About 100x less likely to be pulled over by any random Smokey than
I would be in the Trans-Am. And with the kid out of pre-school next year, plus a
few bucks here and there, and a strict brown-bag-lunch policy, we won't even
feel the sting of the monthly payment.

So yep, this is the new me. Cruising around in a minivan, listening to my Jimmy
Buffett CDs. I'm the picture of middle-aged suburban cool. Well, suburban
lukewarm. But I'm cool with that. Lukewarm. I'm lukewarm with that.

c

Jeff Edelstein can be reached at facebook.com/jeffreyedelstein and
twitter.com/jeffedelstein.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jeff Edelstein

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday

BORDER BLOCK

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 119 words


SNOOTY Brit Victoria Hervey almost outstayed her welcome in the States. Hervey,
who lives in LA, was trying to get back to the West Coast from London on
Wednesday to co-host an album release party for diet guru Nikki Haskell's
goddaughter, Jamie Jo - but pals said she called that morning crying
hysterically. One friend said, "Victoria was calling from the US embassy in
London and freaking out. They were refusing to renew her visa." Hervey found a
lawyer to finagle another visa, and she made it to Thursday night's bash, where
Brett Ratner walked Jamie Jo, 25, down the purple carpet at the Beverly Hills
Hotel. Guests like Stephen Dorff and Justin Long watched her perform "You Turn
Me On" with Barry Gibb.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              February 14, 2003 Friday Five Star Late Lift Edition

"DAREDEVIL";
 BEN AFFLECK ANSWERS THE CHALLENGE OF CRIMEFIGHTING IN TIGHTS

BYLINE: Joe Williams Post-Dispatch Film Critic

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE ; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 557 words


Comic-book movies have grown up. Since the waning days of the Reagan era, when a
new breed of Batman brooded over Gotham City, violence and moral ambiguity have
marked such hits as "X-Men," "The Matrix" and "Spider-Man."

This up-to-the-minute version of Marvel's "Daredevil" comes from the same
production nucleus as "Spider-Man," and it embodies both the potency and the
perils of a would-be franchise. As an action flick, it's state of the art. As a
human story, it's slightly compromised by the casting of a brand-name heartthrob
in the lead role.

Ben Affleck stars as Matt Murdock, a New York lawyer by day and a costumed
crimefighter by night. When he was a child, Matt was blinded by industrial
chemicals at the very moment when he discovered that his boxer dad (David Keith)
was an enforcer for a local crime syndicate. Under the subsequent tutelage of
his shame-chastened pappy, Matt learned to triangulate objects in the dark,
fight like a samurai and move through the urban jungle without fear.

But not without pain. The grown-up Matt returns from his nocturnal crusades to a
fortress-like apartment where he gobbles painkillers and hides from the noise
that bedevils his super-sensitive hearing.

Yet as played by the chronically callow Affleck, Matt is not a believably
tormented anti-hero or a nerd like Peter Parker of "Spider-Man." He's socially
adept enough to finagle a meeting with coffeehouse cutie Elektra Nachios
(Jennifer Garner). When the buff babe first patronizes and then shirks him,
their tussle escalates into a balletic dogfight.

A potential romance between equally athletic and secretive singles is disrupted
when Elektra's wealthy father is ambushed by Bullseye (Colin Farrell), the
blade-wielding henchman of crime boss Kingpin (Michael Clarke Duncan). In the
melee, Elektra mistakes the interceding Daredevil for the hit man, and she
swears vengeance.

The hero who is mistaken for a villain is a familiar twist in comic books; but
notwithstanding Matt's repeated utterance that "I'm not the bad guy," the movie
doesn't develop its ideas or relationships to the point of complexity. Rather it
keeps the action moving, and on a visceral level, it is arguably more
entertaining than "Spider-Man." Daredevil's moonlit swoops through the Manhattan
skyline are seamlessly digitized (even if they defy the laws of physics and
anatomy), and the quasi-kung-fu fight sequences are so knowingly overblown that
even a blasphemous showdown in an empty church earns a guilty chuckle.

Likewise, the two villains are both cartoonish and menacing. Farrell plays
Bullseye as a Mansonian madman, complete with an etched forehead, who doles out
death with the flick of a wrist. The thickly muscled Duncan makes an imposing
Kingpin, and it's a nasty treat when he sheds his splendid duds to open a can of
whup-ass on the masked meddler.

Some cynics might root to see the smirk get knocked off Affleck's face, and
undoubtedly there are young actors who could have better plumbed the paranoia
and loneliness of the blind avenger. But given that the movie works on almost
every other level, inserting an edgy unknown into this shrewdly packaged
contraption might have been too costly a dare.

"Daredevil"

*** (out of four)

Rating: PG-13 (for action/violence and some sensuality)

Running time: 1:43

Opens: today

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Critic Joe Williams:; E-mail: joewilliams@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-340-8344

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color Photo - ("Daredevil")

TYPE: REVIEW - FILM - FAMILY; "DAREDEVIL"

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

HIGH HOPES FOR BARKLEY, USC

BYLINE: Stories by Christian Caple christianc@spokesman.com

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: UNIVERSAL CITY, Calif.


The hometown reporters and photographers would have wanted a piece of whoever
USC sent to Tuesday's Pac-12 media day, regardless of their Heisman hopes or
star power.

So the fact that senior quarterback Matt Barkley possesses plenty of both only
amplified the horde of media following him around for most of the day.

Barkley sat at a table situated on the lawn outside the Gibson Amphitheater at
Universal Studios, at least 10 cameras snapping away, giving interviews to any
reporter who could finagle his recorder close enough to listen.

This will be the norm this season for the Trojans, who were picked to win the
conference championship game by 102 of the 123 voters in the preseason media
poll.

Oregon, with 117 votes, was picked to win the North division. But the
overwhelming majority think it will be the Trojans, returning to postseason
eligibility for the first time since 2009, who will reclaim the conference
crown.

Barkley threw for 3,528 yards to go along with 39 touchdowns last season,
leading USC to a 10-2 record. He might have been a top-five NFL draft pick had
he opted to leave. But the opportunity to lead the Trojans back to the
postseason was too good to pass up.

Third-year coach Lane Kiffin said it wasn't so much about him convincing Barkley
to stay as it was about Barkley realizing the statement he could make by coming
back.

"I think Matt would be the first to tell you, I didn't recruit Matt to stay,"
Kiffin said. "Sometimes we recruit kids to stay because they're projected as a
second- or third-round picks, and they could stay and work on things and get
better. Matt was completely ready for the NFL."

He admits that when the NCAA sanctioned USC following his freshman season as
punishment for impermissible benefits given to former Trojans star Reggie Bush,
"it seemed all bad at first."

Now, after two years of probation, USC appears poised to contend for the
national championship for the first time under Kiffin.

"I do think that the sanctions have brought our team closer together and
strengthened us in a way I didn't anticipate," Barkley said. "It made us
stronger in terms of character."

STAR POWER

Barkley isn't the only Pac-12 player who could be in an NFL training camp this
week.

Star Lotulelei, Utah's hulking defensive tackle, is projected by some draftniks
as a possible top-10 pick in 2013.

So it's a little hard to believe the 6-foot-4, 325-pound senior when he says he
didn't think he was ready for the league this year.

"My decision for coming back - I talked it over with my family - we decided it
was the best thing for me, because I didn't feel like I was ready to take the
next step yet," Lotulelei said. "There are still a lot of things I need to work
on as a football player. As far as knowing (which round) I would go, I didn't
ask. I had my decision made, and that's what I went with."

He'll anchor a Utah defense that could be one of the most physical in the
conference. The Utes were picked by the media to finish second in the Pac-12
South.

HE'S GOT A POINT

Much has been made of Washington's brutal schedule during the first half of the
season, the worst stretch being back-to-back games against USC and Oregon on
Oct. 6 and Oct. 13.

UW coach Steve Sarkisian was asked who he may have, ahem, "upset" in the league
office for the schedule to fall that way.

"I don't know," he said with a laugh. "Maybe ran a score up too much back in the
day (while coaching at USC) or something."

The biggest question mark facing the Huskies this season is whether they can
improve upon a defense that was last seen allowing 67 points to Baylor in the
Alamo Bowl.

With their defensive coaching staff replaced - led by new coordinator Justin
Wilcox - Sarkisian thinks considerable improvement is attainable.

"I think it can be dramatically improved, and I go back to one instance in our
own conference when Dwayne Walker came to UCLA," Sarkisian said. "And I feel
something very similar with us. We have more talent on our defense than we have
been given credit for."

NETWORK PLANS

Gary Stevenson, president of Pac-12 Enterprises, announced some of the Pac-12
Networks' plans for mid-week programming this season.

Stevenson said programming will include 30-minute preview shows for each Pac-12
team, a show called "Pac-12 Football Encore" that will replay the top 10 moments
of the 2011 season, replays of all 79 Pac-12 home games in a 60-minute format, a
conference-wide coaches' show called "Pac-12 Playbook," a Sunday-night rewind of
the weekend's action, as well as coverage of the NFL draft and National Letter
of Intent signing day.

TYPE: Column: Notebook

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 7, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

JUPITER MAN WHO POSED AS U.S. MARSHAL ARRESTED

BYLINE: By ELIOT KLEINBERG Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 204 words


John McLaughlin, authorities say, picked the wrong guy to tell he was a U.S.
marshal: A real one.

On Friday morning, actual lawmen arrested the out-of-work contractor at his
Jupiter home.

Assistant U.S. Attorney John McMillan said the jig was up after McLaughlin met
Walter Reilly at a Pop Warner League football game at Royal Palm Beach High
School.

McLaughlin, 48, was there to watch his son play football.

When Reilly, a volunteer parent, told him admission was $2, McLaughlin pulled
out his wallet and made sure Reilly saw the badge, perhaps to finagle free
admission, McMillan said. He said it didn't work. Later, Reilly saw McLaughlin
approach a coach, open his wallet and get a ride on a golf cart across the
field.

After the game, the prosecutor said, Reilly asked McLaughlin if he was with an
agency. McLaughlin said, the U.S. marshals.

Reilly, who worked for the marshals for 10 years and was senior inspector of
South Florida, didn't recognize him. McLaughlin then said he actually was a DEA
agent.

That's when McLaughlin confessed and said he got the badge from a friend,
McMillan said. He was charged with impersonation of a federal agent, a felony
punishable by up to three years in prison.

~ eliot_kleinberg@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 McLaughlin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 29, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

Treating the Secret Phobia That Bytes a Certain Columnist

BOB LEVEY

SECTION: METRO; PAGE E1; BOB LEVEY'S WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 791 words


'Dr. Mellowfellow's Phobia Clinic." "Hi, my name is Levey, and I have a prob --
I mean, a pho -- I mean . . . uh . . . [Whispering] Say, is this a secure line?"

"Certainly, Mr. Levey. You can trust us absolutely. Now, what seems to be the
trouble?"

"I'm a fraud! An anachronism! I hold myself out as a '90s kind of guy, a
proponent of popular culture, but only my family knows the awful truth. I'm
afraid of computers! [Sobs.]"

"Mr. Levey, this is very serious. Computers are the lifeblood of our nation, the
very essence of modern civilization. How have you survived with this phobia
nipping at your heels all this time?"

"The same way illiterate people get by without being able to read street signs.
I finesse. I finagle. I fake. Once in a while, I confess to a co-worker, quietly
and pleadingly, and he or she will show me how to create a printout or split the
screen. But I have had many long moments where I stared at a computer, and it
stared back, and I knew I was beaten."

"When did this phobia take hold, Mr. Levey?"

"The very first time I sat down at a terminal. I tried to sign on, and back came
a message: 'Temporary System Overload.' I shouldn't have taken that personally.
After all, systems don't get overloaded unless lots of people are trying to sign
on. But somehow I knew this was a sign. I was oil, and it was water."

"Did you feel threatened? Did you feel as if you were dealing with a menacing
monstrosity?"

"Exactly! With typewriters, I had a personal relationship. I'd talk to them
while I wrote. One of them I called Bessie. 'Bess, old girl,' I'd say, 'that was
a heck of a phrase you just helped me turn.' It was as if my typewriter was an
extension of my fingers. A computer is an extension of some wild-eyed cybernetic
universe that isn't connected to me. Besides, its keys are cold, and it makes
ugly plastic clacking noises. I don't like the blessed thing."

"Mr. Levey, I'm going to ask you a series of questions to help me evaluate the
seriousness of your condition. First question: Have you ever made a mistake on a
computer?"

"I've made dozens. Once I was reading a story written by a friend, and I
accidentally killed it. So much for both the story and the friend. Then there
was the time I spelled Manuel Noriega's name N-O-R-E-I-G-A. There's supposed to
be a way for the computer to fix every misspelling of a single word in a story
if you correct it just once. But I tried 11 times, and it just kept flashing at
me. So I hunted through the entire text and corrected each N-O-R-E-I-G-A
individually. Took 10 minutes or so."

"You poor man. That's such a routine job. Just hit the Search button and -- "

"You don't understand. I did hit the Search button, and it wouldn't search. It
knew who it was dealing with. It reminded me of being a little boy. I'd see a
dog coming toward me from three blocks away. He could have marched up to any of
47 people and started snarling. But he knew I was one of the 47, so he chose me
and only me, like a heat-seeking missile. Computers do the same."

The woman on the phone was mumbling to herself as she took notes. I could make
out a few key phrases: "Persecution complex," "deep-seated insecurity" and
"defeatist attitude" were three I caught. Then she asked, "Do you have similar
problems with other technology?"

"So glad you asked! I have no idea how to use the VCR in my own house. I have to
ask my kids. I have no idea how to set the alarm on my clock radio. I haven't
the faintest idea how to send a fax or how to change its paper. Microwaves are
way, way beyond me. I once 'nuked' an English muffin 14 times, and it never even
got warm. How did I know you had to push the Time button before you pushed
Start? And radios in unfamiliar cars make me crazy. I once spent an hour
listening to a sermon in Spanish because I couldn't figure out how to get from
AM to FM."

"Mr. Levey," said the woman, "I've been in the phobia biz for 26 years, and I've
never heard a case like yours. I recommend you see us right away."

"Be glad to," said I. "Let's make an appointment."

"Full name?" the woman asked. I gave it.

"Phone number?" I rattled off office and home.

"Date of birth?" I recited it, without shaving a year or three.

Then I noticed a sound wafting through the receiver. Clacking. Ugly plastic
clacking.

"What's that I hear?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing," she cooed.

"You lie!" I screamed. "You're one of them! You read computer magazines in bed,
I'll bet! You discuss Bill Gates at cocktail parties! You assume the whole world
knows what a hard disk is!"

"I -- I -- I meant no harm whatsoever," the woman stammered. "I only want to hel
-- "

I hung up exactly there. When even psychiatry has gone the software route, what
hope is left?

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Stalking Silverman

BYLINE: LAHAV HARKOV

SECTION: FEATUES; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 570 words


Paris. Milan. New York. Tel Aviv? That's right, the White City is trying to
brand itself as a fashion capital, by inviting mega-designer Roberto Cavalli to
Tel Aviv Fashion Week in November. The Italian icon has accepted the invitation
to the first such event since the 1980s. Organizers hope the designer will draw
major fashion writers from around the world to the city.

If you've ever wanted to meet a big star, this story should give you hope.
Blogger Molly Livingstone launched a campaign on her site, The Big Falafel,
titled "Sarah Silverman, Be My BFF" as the comedienne's trip to Israel
approached. Livingstone used her Jewish Geography talents to locate someone who
knows Silverman's sister, Susan Silverman, a Reform rabbi living in Jerusalem.
The blogger managed to finagle an invite to a family barbecue at Susan's, where
she met the foul-mouthed comedian. There, Livingstone gave Silverman one of the
funniest articles of clothing Israel has to offer: Aladdin pants.

Last weekend was a sad one for fans of The Princess Bride and cranky detectives.
Peter Falk, known to some as Columbo and to others as the bedtime-story reading
grandfather in the classic '80s film, died at age 84. A little-known fact about
Falk is that he tried to volunteer to fight for Israel in the War of
Independence. He wrote in his autobiography that he wasn't passionate about
Israel, he just wanted "more excitement." However, he never reached the Middle
East. The 1948 war ended before his ship ever set sail.

Tragedy struck Manhattan's Upper West Side last week, as legendary bagel shop
H&H closed its doors. It seems that despite appearances on Seinfeld, Sex and the
City, Entourage and How I Met Your Mother, and the fact that all real New
Yorkers know H&H is the best bagel in town, the owners still weren't able to pay
rent on the 80th Street and Broadway location, which opened in 1972. H&H will
continue to bake bagels at its Hell's Kitchen location, but Sunday mornings in
Manhattan will never be the same again.

If the Schmooze is already mentioning How I Met Your Mother, then this week's
column wouldn't be complete without the upcoming movie The Muppets. What's the
connection, you ask? One of HIMYM's stars, actor Jason Segel, co-wrote and
produced the new puppet-filled film, in which Kermit, Miss Piggy, Gonzo and the
gang try to reunite and recreate The Muppet Show.

In somewhat controversial Hollywood news, director Michael Bay revealed to GQ
why actress Megan Fox did not star in the third Transformers film. Steven
Spielberg, one of the film series' producers, demanded that Bay find a
replacement for Fox after she said in a press conference that Bay "wants to be
like Hitler on his sets, and he is," in reference to his demanding directing
style. Bay told the magazine that "Steven said 'fire her right now.'" Soon
after, The Hollywood Reporter said Fox had been cast in the upcoming Sacha Baron
Cohen vehicle, The Dictator, about a deposed despot lost in the US.

Finally, in sports, Duke University guard Jon Scheyer signed with Maccabi Tel
Aviv. Scheyer played for the Blue Devils when they won the NCAA championship in
2010, and chances are, he'll be around to win some trophies for Maccabi, since
they're at the top of the Israeli league more often than not. He will not be
considered a foreign player, because he is Jewish.

If you have any news to share with The Weekly Schmooze, write to:
weeklyschmooze@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The Weekly Schmooze. Tel Aviv Fashion Week draws Cavalli; Peter Falk's
Israel ambitions

GRAPHIC: Photo: FOUL-MOUTHED comedian Sarah Silverman received a pair of Aladdin
pants from a blogger fan while here in Israel last week. (Credit: Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 30, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Review/Opera;
'Jane Heir,' Italianate Bronte

BYLINE: By WILL CRUTCHFIELD

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 64, Column 2; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 381 words


Everybody has defects, and one of mine is that I have never managed to read any
novel by Charlotte Bronte. Accordingly, I anticipated visiting ''Jane Heir,''
presented by the Mesopotamian Opera on Friday night at Performance Space 122
(First Avenue and Ninth Street), in the position of someone who attempts to
appreciate Donizetti's ''Lucia'' without having read ''The Bride of
Lammermoor,'' or ''Nabucco,'' ''Messiah'' and ''Jesus Christ Superstar'' without
having read the Bible.

These comparisons do not come to mind at random. As it turned out, ''Jane Heir''
is based in part on ''Lucia'' (Jane goes mad, and there is a ''famous signature
sextet'' with imitative cadenzas and a perky closing allegro). And the score
includes reminiscences of ''Nabucco'' and generic Handel, along with generic
rock-musical stuff that calls Andrew Lloyd Webber to mind by making him sound
like a composer of Beethovenian range and subtlety.

But unfamiliarity with ''Jane Eyre'' did not prove a serious handicap because,
as it further turned out, the new work is not a parody but a sequel. Mr.
Rochester has passed away, and Jane is now an . . . perhaps the reader will have
gathered what Jane now is.

She might instead, in non-sexist times, have been called an heiress, but not at
P.S. 122, where Peter Healey played the role in drag. He was also credited in
the program as ''envisioner/coordinator'' of the opera, a collaboration with
Janet Norquist (''receiver/manifestor'') who plays St. John Rivers, and Richard
Gordon-Borg (''composer/empath''), who conducted. I couldn't quite figure who
directed (was it the cultural theorist/manager or the actor/mensch?) The idea is
that St. John comes back from missionary work to spirit the demented Jane to
tropic climes, while Chester and Livia Servermoor finagle their way into
administration of the Rochester estate (this is the crisis that gives rise to
the ''famous signature sextet'') and use it to create an empire called Global
Fad. There is much singing and dancing.  While happily acknowledging that art
benefits when the sophomore in all of us is kept alive and nourished, I must
confess to a preference, in outings like the Mesopotamian's, for sharper satire
(or failing that, more laughs) and for more enjoyable musical execution.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scene from ''Jane Heir.'' From left, Rochelle Mancini, Richard Vayda,
Branislav Tomich and Peter Healey (Ed Krieger)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 14, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1992 CAMPAIGN: The 60's;
Clinton and Draft Issue: Vietnam Era Revisited

BYLINE: By R. W. APPLE Jr.,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 924 words

DATELINE: BEDFORD, N.H., Feb. 13


In the flush of victory in the Persian Gulf war, President Bush exultantly
proclaimed, "By God, we've kicked the Vietnam syndrome once and for all."

But does the fresh controversy over Bill Clinton's efforts to avoid the draft in
1969, epitomized by his agonized letter written that fall from Oxford
University, demonstrate the contrary?  Are all the painful ambiguities of that
era, the conflicts between duty and conscience, the lack of a clear-cut
denouement, now to be revisited?

Though Vietnam veterans, once scorned, are now celebrated, and though the sting
of defeat is easing, no national consensus has ever developed as to whether the
Vietnam War was just or unjust, whether draft dodging was justified, or whether
the United States could have won with a more determined effort.

A Kind of Curse

Some see a kind of curse hanging over the generation that was fractured in the
long dark night of war, with some of its members shedding blood in Southeast
Asia while others fled to Sweden or Canada, a few went to jail and still others
found one means or another to finagle a deferment.

Three members of that generation are running for the Democratic Presidential
nomination this year: Governor Clinton of Arkansas, who opposed the war and
avoided military service; Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa, who served in Asia but
turned against the war, and Senator Bob Kerrey of Iowa, who served in the Navy,
lost part of a leg and earned the Medal of Honor.

Representative Thomas J. Downey, a Suffolk County Democrat who was a student at
Cornell University in 1969 and was deferred because of a punctured eardrum, said
the Clinton episode "raises the question of whether anyone in my generation will
ever be elected President."

"The problem is that the scar has weakened the tissue of American life," he
added, "and every time it is rubbed it hurts again."

But the country seems no more unanimous about what Mr. Clinton did than it is or
has been about anything else connected with the Vietnam War.

'He Chose the Wrong Path'

Take Tom Harmon, a 44-year-old government employee from Shawneetown in southern
Illinois. He served as an infantryman in Vietnam, having bowed to the inevitable
by volunteering for the draft, and said today that if Mr. Clinton knew at the
time that he intended to go into politics, as his letter indicates, "he chose
the wrong path" by avoiding military service.

"There seem to be two philosophies," Mr. Harmon added. "One is that those guys
who avoided the thing were smarter than we were. Then there is the American
Legion approach -- people who think those who avoided the war ought to be
ostracized. Who knows what's right? And who cares?"

Interviews around the country with men of roughly the same age as Mr. Clinton
brought memories of the draft flooding back. A few, like Rick Smith, now 41 and
the owner of a barber shop in Simpsonville, N.C., said they had seen no way out.
"When you're 18 -- and I think that's still a child -- you just think that if
your country calls, you go," he said.

An even smaller number spoke with contempt for draft evaders.

"I saw friends come home with no legs," said John L. Thomas, many of whose
buddies left the Blue Ridge Mountains to fight, though he himself had a lottery
number high enough not to be called. "No one really wanted to go, but we felt it
was our duty. Even today, if I met somebody who avoided the draft I wouldn't
associate with them and wouldn't vote for them."

But most talked feelingly of the attempt to escape the net and exonerated Mr.
Clinton, either by implication or in so many words.

Tony Leone, 41, of Methuen, Mass., remembered the lottery, in which numbers were
pulled from a bowl. It seemed absurd to him, he said, that "because of a
Ping-Pong ball, your life changed." He said he and his friends discussed "how
much of your life you were willing to ruin for the war."

Jeff McKee, a radio host in Richmond, remembers reading a paperback book called
"1001 Ways to Avoid the Draft" during his freshman year at Emerson College in
Boston. He said it was hypocritical to criticize draft avoiders, as did many
others -- a suggestion, perhaps, that in his own generation, at least, Mr.
Clinton will find a support group of people who did what he did, or close to it.

"Educational deferment was the biggest educational motivator of my generation,"
the 42-year-old broadcaster said. "I got out of high school with just about a C
average. In college I was on the dean's List."

Others spoke of joining National Guard or Reserve units to avoid going to
Vietnam, of attending graduate school when they might not have done so, and of
seeking medical or other justifications for deferment. None mentioned any moral
or ethical difference in the various courses of action.

And many saw a kind of heroism in Mr. Clinton's antiwar stance.

For former Representative Andrew Young, who as an associate of the Rev. Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr. was prominent in the antiwar movement, the Clinton letter
was "the kind of thing that Martin Luther King would have written a few years
earlier, and it represents the kind of struggle that Robert Kennedy went through
as he tried to work out his moral view."

Gov. Howard Dean of Vermont, who is now 43, described Mr. Clinton's letter as "a
telling reminder of what it was really like." Mr. Dean, a Democrat from a state
that attracted many draft resisters, spoke with distaste of "Richard Nixon and
Spiro Agnew, a convicted crook and a pardoned crook, sending people our age to
be killed."

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 12, 2009, Thursday

Cincy coach waiting to see where chips fall

BYLINE: Dave Hickman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 674 words


MORGANTOWN - On the one hand, Brian Kelly should be praised for his rationality.

Let's face it, how many coaches in his position would be willing to all but
dismiss the ever-growing reality that no matter what his football team does this
season, it isn't likely to have a prayer of playing for the national
championship?

Not many, I'd wager.

Mack Brown certainly didn't do it at Texas a few years ago, and he wasn't even
trying to get into the title game, but merely the Rose Bowl.

You remember, right? With a couple of weeks left in the 2004 season and his
Longhorns seemingly on the outside looking in, Brown mounted a furious public
relations campaign to sway votes in the polls that make up two-thirds of the
process for determining the BCS standings. He wanted to make sure his team
jumped up to no worse than No. 4, high enough to automatically qualify for the
only BCS bowl berth that hadn't already been claimed.

And it worked. Texas inexplicably got enough votes to overtake California and
force the Rose Bowl to take Texas as an automatic qualifier. Cal dropped to No.
5 and ended up in the Holiday Bowl, the highest-ranked team ever to be left out
of a BCS bowl.

We bring that up not to rehash a five-year-old blight on the BCS process - one
of many, by the way - but to illustrate a point. Coaches are always trying to
lobby and finagle and do whatever they can do to improve their positioning,
whether it be in the BCS standings for national championship consideration or a
better bowl, or even simply in the public consciousness for a spot in some
non-descript bowl game.

It's refreshing to see Kelly not yet delve into the process. Maybe he realizes
that he'd be whistling into the wind.

Here's the deal, though. Heading into Friday night's game with West Virginia,
Kelly's Cincinnati football team is one of six unbeatens remaining. The Bearcats
are No. 4 in both polls that matter in the BCS standings (coaches and Harris)
and No. 5 in the BCS standings themselves. The top three are heavyweights
Florida, Alabama and Texas. The other two are TCU and Boise State.

Now, if none of those top three teams lose unexpectedly, the BCS title game will
pit Texas against the Florida-Alabama SEC championship game winner. It doesn't
matter what Cincinnati, TCU and Boise State do. It's a done deal. You know it. I
know it.

And, apparently, Kelly knows it.

Should he rant and rave and cry and scream at the possibility that his unbeaten
team will be left out of the mix? Well, perhaps. If the Bearcats do go unbeaten
- they must still play WVU, Illinois and Pitt - they would be an unbeaten team
from one of the six power conferences. Only one such team, Auburn in 2004, has
ever been excluded from the championship game during the BCS era.

Sure, Kelly would have reason to complain, but it wouldn't do him one iota of
good.

At least not now.

Instead, Kelly is simply sitting back and waiting for things to transpire. He's
seen what can happen over the final weeks of the season. More often than not,
what seems crystal clear in early November is long forgotten by early December.
Who is to say Texas won't lose? Who is confident that Florida and Alabama will
have a nice, clean 12-0 vs.12-0 SEC title game?

For that matter, who is to say Cincinnati, TCU and Boise State won't all crash
and burn?

So Kelly wisely sits back and says as little as possible. But he also is
polishing his arguments in case things do fall his way.

"It's really too soon to talk about it,'' Kelly said. "We [Cincinnati, TCU and
Boise] have three teams that are undefeated in front of us. Now, if the scenario
unfolds that there's only one team undefeated in front of us, then I think it's,
'Let's go put our resumes up.' But until that happens, we've kept our focus
strictly on the Big East championship.

"But there's no question, if this thing changes at the top, then TCU, Boise
State, Cincinnati, the undefeated teams should all obviously be able to make
their case.''

Kelly will wisely wait to see when and if that happens.

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

'CHEETAH GIRLS' REVISITED

BYLINE: BY MARISA GUTHRIE

SECTION: NEW YORK VUE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 562 words


It's time to get your "Cheetah" on, girl.

Three years after the original "Cheetah Girls" musical spawned a double-platinum
album and a concert tour, Disney Channel rolls out the hotly anticipated sequel.

"The girls are a tad older," said Gary Marsh, head of entertainment for Disney
Channel. "The relationships are a bit more complex."

But the Cheetah Girls' hearts are still in the same place.

"It's about friendship," said Raven-Symone, who stars as the "Cheetah's" head
cat. "It's about how the girls react as a group, as friends. How they come
together through trials and tribulations. How they grow as individuals with the
support of their friends. You can put any story on it."

The story this time has the Cheetahs - Galleria (Raven-Symone), Chanel (Adrienne
Bailon), Aquanetta (Kiely Williams) and Dorinda (Sabrina Bryan) - heading to
Barcelona, a trip that Galleria

finagles, in the name of friendship.

When Chanel learns she has to spend the summer in Spain with her mother (Lori
Alter), Galleria enters the group into an international music competition in
Barcelona and it's "Bienvenidas, Señoritas Cheetah."

"Cheetah Girls 2" - which was shot last spring in Spain - premieres Friday at 8
p.m. on the Disney Channel.

The international locale is quite apt, said Marsh: "At its core, 'The Cheetah
Girls,' starting with [Deborah Gregory's] books and then the movie and the
music, is really an explosion of multiculturalism. And I think that speaks to
what is going on in our country today. From the color of the cast to the variety
of the songs, you truly have a rainbow."

"Every one has someone to look up to," added Raven-Symone. "You have an
African-American, you have a Puerto Rican, you have a Texan, and you have a
foster child [Aquanetta]."

Raven-Symone, of course, is the star of Disney's hit series "That's So Raven."
In "Cheetah Girls 2," she gets double billing as one of the film's executive
producers. At 20, she has worked consistently in film and television since
melting hearts as a precocious 3-year-old on "The Cosby Show," and her graceful
transition from child actor to young adult has made her one of Disney's biggest
stars.

"She has grown up to be an incredible, vulnerable, accessible, compassionate
person," said Marsh, "and that comes through in her acting."

And many of those same attributes - accessibility, the girls' generosity with
one another and the infectious cheerfulness of the music - also make the "The
Cheetah Girls" so relatable to its tween audience. But although most of the
songs are upbeat and danceable, Raven-Symone said her favorite song is "It's
Over," a melancholy ballad about losing a friend.

"When I was a tween, I had Alanis Morissette's 'Jagged Little Pill,'" she said.

And while the problems of 8- to 12-year-olds may not seem so catastrophic to
adults, they are very real to the little girl going through them.

"People think tweens aren't supposed to be stressed out, that they don't have
problems," Raven-Symone continued. "But they still need a voice to say, 'Yeah,
I'm angry, too.'

"My problems may not have been as serious as [Morissette's]," she allowed.

But everyone needs an anthem.

"Music lets you release your problems," she said. "It lets you release your
anger and it lets you release your happiness. That's what music is for. That's
why it's so universal."

"Cheetah Girls 2" premieres Friday night at 8 on Disney Channel.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Cheetahs (l.-r.): Sabrina Bryan, Raven-Symone, Adrienne Bailon and
Kiely Williams.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

LESSONS FROM IRAN. Tehran protesters die for democratic ideals our senators
scoff at

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL DALY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 581 words


THINK OF OUR do-nothing state Senators up in Albany, trivializing democracy.

Then watch the video of Neda Agha-Soltan dying on a street in Tehran.

See the life drain out of her.

Listen to the anguished cries of the music instructor who was standing next to
her.

Consider that the person who shot the video was risking his life.

Ponder the risk faced by each and every person sending pro-democracy messages
out of Iran.

Remember other brave believers at other times and places, heroes such as the
lone man who stepped before a tank in Tiananmen Square in 1989.

Do not forget the many thousands of Americans who sacrificed all in the cause of
liberty, in our city going back to the 400 young soldiers who charged into
certain death in the long ago Battle of Brooklyn.

Think again of those 62 senators who sit in Albany.

Each of those mutts owes his or her position to a system built on courage and
sacrifice.

Each took a solemn oath to faithfully discharge his or her duties.

And there they sit in a disgraceful stalemate.

As if they owed nothing to the gallant souls who made this democracy possible.

As if liberty were the freedom to finagle and self-deal rather than a sacred
right for which people in other lands are even now risking all.

They are Republicans and Democrats who betray the republic and democracy.

Compare their lame excuses and tired lies in the state Senate to some of the
Tweets coming out of Iran yesterday:

. "Clashes ... street fires & tear gas - shooting heard - many militia."

. "Situation in Tehran very tense today - many roadblocks."

. "If you weren't old enough to appreciate the gravity of Tiananmen, pay close
attention."

. "THIS IS THE DAWN - this is the new beginning - have hope and prepare."

. "Two young men injured ... one dies ... GRAPHIC VIDEO."

The video shows a young man who was shot in the upper thigh and another with
grievous wounds in the back and head. As some comrades bend over them, others
hold up cell phone cameras to keep the whole world watching.

More shots erupt, but the comrades do not just flee. They pause to lift the
wounded and carry them down a passageway, a camera recording it all. The young
man hit in the head leaves a trail of red spatters.

. "If you want to help but are frightened of the streets - give blood - this is
big help."

To read these messages is to be taught anew childhood lessons about the
universal human need for liberty and the nobility of those who place it before
their very lives. The Internet was calling Agha-Sultan "the Fallen Angel of
Freedom" and carried an interview with her fiance.

"Neda wanted freedom and freedom for all," Kasamin Makan is quoted as saying.

He said she favored no particular side in the disputed election and was just a
bystander when she fell victim to a bullet. She was buried in Behesht-e-Zahra
Cemetery yesterday as spiritual kin to the host of innocents who have died
during other struggles for freedom, and to those sure to perish in the time to
come.

Meanwhile, those mutts in Albany continued to behave as if such sacrifices meant
nothing, as if there were nothing sacred about the votes that put them in
office.

The one action they have managed to take in recent days has of course been on
behalf of themselves, ensuring they get paid.

The mutts are due to get their regular paychecks tomorrow, along with a $160 for
each day of a special session, a gross misnomer if there ever was one.

The law says they have to be paid, but it does not say how.

Give them pieces of silver. mdaly@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two of the empty Democrat seats at another meaningless session of the
state Senate in Albany yesterday. The stalemate continues. Photo by Martin
Benjamin

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Any way you slice it

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 460 words


This editorial appeared first in the St. John's Telegram:

It's a bacon-tastrophe. In a single month, bacon prices have surged by 9.3 per
cent.

It is now 20.5 per cent more expensive than it was this time last year, and
producers are finding new and different ways to hide the jump.

Probably the cutest strategy is the change in bacon packaging: 500-gram packages
have slid to 375 grams while the price per package has held steady. That's
something that feels a bit like sleight-of-hand, because the change in packaging
size wasn't really announced by producers and means a drop, on average, of four
slices per package.

So what's going on? Is it the porcine equivalent of the Hunt brothers? (In 1979,
Nelson Bunker Hunt and William Herbert Hunt tried to buy control of the world's
silver supply, driving silver prices up hugely for a period of time, but
eventually resulting in the Hunts going bankrupt.)

Are there mystery hog barons out there, doing their best to finagle the
availability of sow bellies? Is there a trotter-and-pig-knuckle cartel at work,
tightening the screws on the pork supply while they rub their hands together and
watch the prices rise?

Well, no.

But it is supply and demand. Demand can certainly be high - because some people
really like their bacon (and some take it to ridiculous extremes, like the folks
at Epic Meal Time. Check this out: www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8u8Z3bUQfs).

But the kicker this time around is supply and a collision of different factors.

First, pork has held at a very low price point for several years - a block of
Canadian pork producers simply weren't able to survive the pinch between high
feed costs and low prices and got out of the pork business. In Manitoba alone,
in a 15-year period, the number of hog farmers has dropped from more than 5,000
producers to fewer than 500 by 2012.

And then there's porcine epidemic diarrhea, PED, a virus which, while it doesn't
affect humans, kills piglets, dropping the number of pigs in production
drastically. With nursing piglets, the virus has up to 100 per cent mortality,
according to the Canadian Swine Health Board.

PED has been a problem in the U.S. for years, but has recently been found in
Canada.

But back to bringing home the bacon. It doesn't look like it's going to get any
easier.

Hog futures on U.S. markets continue to climb, with Dow Jones Business News
reporting last week, "Hog futures for July, the front-month contract, gained
0.47 cent, or 0.4 per cent, to $1.283 a pound at the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange, surpassing the previous record settlement reached on (June 19)."

The bottom line? Instead of being four slices smaller, maybe the next bacon
package will only have four slices. And bacon may soon be as harmful to your
wallet as it is to, well, your health.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Firefighters, city battling over pensions

BYLINE: By JAIMEE LYNN FLETCHER, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: HUNTINGTONBEACHN; Pg. A

LENGTH: 522 words


Firefighters are offering to pay more into their pensions, but not without
locking down a contract extension and minimum staffing levels. To some it's a
good deal; others say it's a risky idea in an unpredictable economy.

Union officials and city leaders have been negotiating for six months, but the
City Council majority turned down the most recent proposal in May.

Huntington Beach Fire Association President Darrin Witt says the union is ready
to continue negotiations if the city is up for it. The group's proposal would
save about $1.2 million over two years; fire employees would increase their
pension payments to CalPERS to 6.75 percent from 2.25 percent.

Exploding pension costs have been a contentious topic as cities across
California try to finagle a way to keep their promised contributions to their
employees while battling the impacts of a suffering economy. Huntington Beach's
unfunded pension liability, including the city's supplemental pension fund and
using the most recent available market value, is about $370.3 million, according
to CalPERS valuation reports.

Councilman Joe Shaw said he considers the union's offer a start on the path to
combat looming pension issues. "Most of the City Council agrees that all of our
employees have to pay more into their pensions," he said. "Our goal should be
our non-safety employees pay 8 percent eventually and safety employees pay 9
percent."

Councilman Don Hansen said the average firefighter has $43,000 in pension costs
and the average fire employee pays $2,500. "Their contribution is pennies
compared to what the taxpayers are supporting there," he said.

"They are like spoiled children that have never been told 'no,'" he said of the
union. "They're used to having all these things just fall. ... We just can't
afford it anymore."

Witt said the union has tried to meet the council's demands but is continuously
turned down.

"It is hard for me to imagine how some would feel we are spoiled and trying to
take advantage of the city when we have a contract and have no obligation to
even meet with the city," he wrote in an email to the Register. "We are trying
to come up with real solutions to real problems."

Labor negotiations are done in closed session, but Hansen said City Council
members voted to talk publicly about some of the issues so residents could be
aware of the situation.

City officials said they could not provide the proposed agreement; however,
Calitics, an opinion blog covering local politics, posted a draft of the
proposed agreement online. The draft says it was last updated April 1. The
letter says firefighters have postponed two raises and instead are looking to
increase their pension payments with the stipulation there be a minimum of four
firefighters for each engine, 16 fire paramedics, 10 fire engineers and 10 fire
captains on each shift at all times. The extension would make the contract good
until June 2014. The current contract expires September 2013, the HBFA reported.

Hansen said lengthy contracts and minimum staffing requirements are a bad idea
in uncertain economic times.

Reporter Jon Cassidy contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Huntington Beach Fire Department paramedics and firefighters check the
driver of an SUV, which hit a block wall on Atlanta Avenue. file photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 4, 1988, Saturday, Final Edition

The Itami Perspective;
'Tampopo's' Director, Fixing His Sights on 'A Taxing Woman'

BYLINE: Hal Hinson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 1379 words


It's a rare man who thinks taxes are funny. And the Japanese filmmaker Juzo
Itami is that man.

But then again, Itami thinks death is funny, as he demonstrated in his first
film, "The Funeral." That food and sex are funny, as he showed in "Tampopo." So
why not taxes?

Taxes and the Japanese passion for tax evasion are the jumping-off points for "A
Taxing Woman," Itami's new film. In the movie, which has some of the bawdy
rambunctiousness of the immensely popular "Tampopo," the filmmaker is feasting
on the obsessive lengths to which people weasel, plot and finagle to keep the
government's hands out of their pockets.

Tax evasion in Japan has reached epidemic proportions and is considered enough
of a drain on the economy to merit serious concern. And, as the movie reflects,
to prompt serious measures to stop the leakage.

Itami claims, though, that in making the film he had no desire to portray the
problem or, for that matter, any real interest in taxes.

"It's not a film about taxes," says the director, speaking through an
interpreter in a Washington restaurant. "It's a film about money. And the tax
police seemed like a good hook. Japanese people have become so obsessed with
money that they think of everything in those terms."

Itami's choice of subject, he says, allowed him to stage scenes "that brought
out naked human greed and desire as a theme." But, he adds, though the film
ended up as a satire, it wasn't conceived as one.

"I think in America people like very clear-cut distinctions between what is
comic and what is tragic," the filmmaker explains. "And when I set out to make a
film I don't think of that in advance. I think about how I can make a film that
satisfies me. If it ends up being funny, that's because the subject is
inherently funny."

At this point, Itami ceases to rely on his interpreter.

"Do you know the distinction between comedy and tragedy by Billy Wilder?" he
asks, not pausing for an answer.

"Man comes running in, tumbles, falls down on the ground. If he stands up and
runs away -- that's a comedy. Man comes in, tumbles, falls down on the ground.
Never stands up again -- that's a tragedy."

An alternate version of the story is offered: If a man falls downs, breaks his
arm -- that's a comedy. If that man is me -- that's a tragedy.

The alternate is accepted.

"From my point of view," he continues, turning once more to his interpreter,
"human life is comic and pathetic in just about equal measures. And if you're
going to set out to describe people, you're going to have both comedy and
pathos. It comes with the turf. What I find is that if I decide to examine
something that is supposed to be funny, I discover some pathos in that, and if I
try to deal with something sad, there's something sort of funny about it. It's
never simply one or another."

"A Taxing Woman," which, like "Tampopo," stars Tsutomu Yamazaki and Nobuko
Miyamoto (who is also Itami's wife and chief collaborator), is the 55-year-old
Itami's third film. He didn't direct his first film, "The Funeral," until four
years ago. Prior to that -- since 1960, in fact -- he was best known as an
actor. He achieved a considerable reputation in Japanese films and also appeared
(under the name Ichizo Itami) in a number of American films, including "55 Days
at Peking" and "Lord Jim."

But his acting career isn't the half of it. He has also published two
collections of essays -- one titled "The Diary of Ennui in Europe," the other,
"Listen, Women!" -- worked as a translator, a graphic artist and a magazine
editor, and hosted his own television series. He's been a boxer, too.

Filmmaking may have been in Itami's blood, though. His father, Mansaku Itami,
was a prominent director, but he died when the boy was only 13, leaving little
opportunity for him to observe his father at work.

"From the time that I was about 3," the filmmaker remembers, "my father
contracted tuberculosis and was bedridden. During those closing years of his
life he was writing books about filmmaking, and I have read those books hundreds
of times. So I have gotten guidance from him, but I never saw him work on a
particular film."

Perhaps because of his father's prominence, Itami says, becoming a director
never entered his mind until later in life.

"I never set out to be a director," Itami says. "So I never studied how to
direct or anything like that. When, finally, I arrived at the point where I was
thinking about it, I looked back over the things I had done, and I thought,
'Wow, these are just the right things to have done to prepare for becoming a
director.' So perhaps on some subconscious level I intended all along to become
a director and didn't know it myself."

He has also learned greatly, he says, from other filmmakers, particularly
directors from the West. The three Itami respects most, he says, are Hitchcock,
Bun

uel and Godard. Still, he isn't eager to explain how these other directors have
influenced him.

"However," he explains, "when you watch a film, sometimes there are moments
which make you say to yourself, 'This is it. This is what a film is. This is the
ultimate possibility film makes possible.' And I can mention a couple of
examples of cinematic peaks for me. Bun

uel, for example, takes the situation of an audience coming to a film as an
opportunity to dream, to experience a dream, and he gives them a nightmare. With
Hitchcock's 'Rear Window,' you have the situation of a man in a dark room
looking at the outside world through a window, unable to move, which is exactly
the position the audience is in watching the film. In Godard, you have a
director who, in the process of making a film, is destroying all sorts of ideas
and notions and possibilities in film, only in order to create new ones."

Abruptly the food arrives (for the record, he ordered linguine) and conversation
turns to "Tampopo" and, briefly, to food. American food. And the question is,
how does he like it?

"Well ... you get a lot with your order."

Pause.

"If the Japanese see too much food coming to their table, they lose their
appetite."

Juzo Itami, filmmaker and diplomat.

As for "Tampopo," the director emphasizes that it is no more a film about food
than "A Taxing Woman" is a film about taxes.

"I feel that food and sex -- in that order -- are the most basic desires. And I
wanted to make a film about desire as the Japanese express it. In Japan, there
are very few obstacles to desire. Japan is a culture where if you want something
to eat, or you want to have sex, or whatever, you just do it. It's not a
Christian culture, where inside your head there are all these restrictions on
your subconscious. Human desire is active in a fairly naked way. And this seemed
like an ideal way to express it."

Itami the director still likes occasionally to play the role of Itami the actor.
And as Itami the producer -- he currently has two films in the planning stages
-- he is able to give himself work. But, he says, though acting is "fun to do,"
it's no longer wholly satisfying.

"When you're a director there's a feeling that you're still an actor, but that
you're just using a lot of other people's bodies to do it. And this allows me to
express a lot more than I otherwise could."

But the actor within the director is still evident, and nowhere more than in his
clothes, which he says have gotten him into trouble with the Japanese diplomatic
corps.

First, let's describe the outfit.

The black robe, which falls all the way to the floor, is Chinese. Over it is a
black antique jacket called a hanten. That's Japanese. And over that is a black
vest based on costumes he saw in a production of Shakespeare's "Coriolanus" and
had made for him. That's Roman, roughly 5th century. Coriolanus, as you may
remember, was a general.

"It's just the right thing for someone who does the sort of work I do."

On his wrist is a Keith Haring Swatch watch with a bright red plastic band and
yellow face. The perfect touch. But it's the Chinese robe that got him into
trouble.

"It obliterates the distinction between Japanese and Chinese," Itami says,
smiling. "Just when they've gotten the world to understand the difference, here
I come mixing everybody up again."

And from the look on his face, nothing could delight him more.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DIRECTOR JUZO ITAMI IN WASHINGTON. SHARON FARMER FOR TWP; PHOTO

TYPE: REVIEW, BIOGRAPHY

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday

Couple of old Sailors steer course for home

BYLINE: Doug Fernandes

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 568 words


LAKEWOOD RANCH

Back in the area for next Saturday's East-West Shrine Game in St. Petersburg,
Cedric Saunders arrived early to get in some golf and visit the parents.

The burning question is, will old friend Chico Nelson pop over for dinner?

If the present mirrors the past, Mrs. Saunders had better have the fridge
stocked.

"He'd be at (Sarasota High) baseball practice,'' Nelson said, "and I'd go to his
house and eat all the food.''

Old friends, indeed. Thirty-years old. Gillespie Park and Newtown Estates. Stars
on the Sailor football team, Saunders at tight end, Nelson in the secondary.

High school diploma in hand, Chico brushed off the cold and said hello to Ohio
State. A year later, Cedric joined him. Together, they became the first
out-of-state captains in Buckeye history.

Their paths eventually diverged, but Saturday, the two sat at a table at the The
Concession Golf Club. Chico, its director of new business development, and
Cedric, the vice president of football operations for the Detroit Lions.

"Very fortunate,'' Nelson said. "We're in a position where we want to give back
to the community.''

That happens in March, when the pair join other Ohio State alums for the Archie
Griffin Celebrity Golf Classic, the proceeds to benefit the Boys & Girls Clubs
of Sarasota County.

That's where Nelson comes in. It's his job to bring exposure and visibility to
the Club. He surely has enough pull to finagle Cedric a golf lesson or two.

Maybe even three or four. Saunders chased the little white devil around the
course on Saturday.

And if a golf ball could chuckle. . . .

"I golfed a little bit,'' he said. "If you call it that. I don't play often
enough.''

That's because Cedric Saunders is much too busy climbing the NFL's corporate
ladder. Years ago, we had a feeling the undersized tight end would become an
overachieving league executive.

He did play three games for the Bucs in 1995, but Cedric soon visualized his
real career calling. Those two years as assistant manager at Walgreens simply
reinforced this belief.

With the help of former Buc executive Jerry Angelo, Saunders got his foot in the
door in 1999 with the Kansas City Chiefs as an intern, then area scout.

"Lots of miles, lots of hotels, lots of late nights writing reports, then
driving seven hours to the next school,'' he said.

A chance meeting with Tony Dungy at the Indianapolis combine led to a job as
director of player development for the Bucs.

Five years and a Super Bowl title later, Saunders was off again, this time to
Detroit with newly minted Lions head coach Rod Marinelli, who was eventually
fired after three seasons.

Saunders remained, advancing from assistant to the head coach/football
operations to his current role under Lions senior vice president, general
manager and former Buc Martin Mayhew.

His responsibilities are numerous, but could be distilled simply into making
sure every facet of the Lions' operation run without a hitch.

Cedric's next career move will be his ultimate -- general manager, if not in
Detroit, then somewhere else.

He followed all the teams this season, meaning he has an opinion on what went
wrong in Tampa, the short answer being, of course, everything.

"They gave up on (Raheem Morris),'' Saunders said. "And Raheem didn't have
enough experience to get them on the right track.''

A couple of old Sarasota pals know all about the right track.

Cedric Saunders and Chico Nelson have never veered off it.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                          February 22, 2006 Wednesday

Politics squeezes port deal

BYLINE: by Ron Orol in Washington

SECTION: LAWANDREG; M and A

LENGTH: 803 words



HIGHLIGHT: U.S. senators have objected to DP World's proposed takeover of P&O,
but their ability to thwart the move remains uncertain.


The uproar in Washington over the planned takeover of major U.S. port operations
by a state-owned company of the United Arab Emirates continued to heat up
Tuesday, Feb. 21, putting the White House in the awkward position of either
ignoring Republican friends on Capitol Hill or casting doubt on the goodwill of
a relatively friendly Arab ally in the fight against terrorism.

For now, the White House backs the decision to clear the deal made by a
secretive government panel charged with reviewing acquisitions of U.S. companies
by foreign buyers, but the political fallout and threats of legislation to
reopen the merger could soon be too loud to ignore.

It's unclear whether any legislation being drafted could become law before the
deal closes. Congress is in recess until Feb. 27, and the merger is scheduled to
close March 2.

Privately, an aide to one lawmaker said the real aim of lawmakers is to create
enough political heat to compel the interagency Committee on Foreign Investments
in the United States, which approved the merger last week, to reopen it. That
may be difficult because President Bush said Tuesday he would veto any
legislation that would hold up the deal, according to a White House pool report.

All CFIUS members are senior White House appointees.

The legal grounds for reopening a CFIUS review are unclear. Regulatory observers
note that the Exon-Florio Act, the law that created CFIUS, does not specifically
provide for a way to reopen a review. However, they concede that political
pressure from lawmakers could force the panel to finagle a way to jump back into
the merger.

"I think that while I don't know if it has ever happened before, process-wise
they [CFIUS] can reverse themselves," said William Reinsch, president of
National Foreign Trade Council, a Washington-based trade association of large
international companies. "Where there is a will there is a way."

Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, R-Tenn., on Tuesday urged the White House to
push for a second look at the $6.8 billion purchase of Peninsular & Oriental
Steam Navigation Co. by UAE-controlled DP World. Completion of the merger would
hand DP World oversight of operations at several major U.S. ports, including New
York, New Jersey, Baltimore, New Orleans, Miami and Philadelphia. Frist will
likely seek the GOP's 2008 presidential nomination and would benefit from
burnishing his credential on homeland security.

Also Tuesday, U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., and House Homeland Security
Committee Chairman Peter King, R-N.Y., introduced legislation that would require
the CFIUS to reopen the case and launch a formal 45-day investigation into
whether the acquisition poses a risk to U.S. national security and report to
Congress on the results.

Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, R-Ala., plans a hearing on the
deal next week, when lawmakers return from a Presidents Day recess.

The complaints followed objections from New York and New Jersey senators, who
threatened to introduce legislation to upend the deal Feb. 17. Subsequently, the
governors of Maryland and New York, and Baltimore Mayor Martin O'Malley have
urged the federal government to block the deal. One of those lawmakers, Sen.
Hillary Clinton, D-N.Y., also is a likely 2008 candidate for the presidency.

As criticism of the deal mounted over the Presidents Day weekend, the unhappy
task of defending the CFIUS review fell on Department of Homeland Security
Director Michael Chertoff, already unpopular on Capitol Hill for his agency's
poor showing in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.

The deal's opponents say turning operations of America's vulnerable ports to any
state-owned company, particularly one in the tumultuous Arab world, creates an
unacceptable security risk.

The Schumer-King bill would also give Congress authority to stop the sale, even
if CFIUS again determines there are no national security concerns.

But such legislation has some serious hurdles. CFIUS, which is chaired by
Secretary of the Treasury John W. Snow, includes representatives from the
departments of Defense, Homeland Security and other agencies.

Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, who oversees international trade policy as chairman
of the Senate Finance Committee, demanded CFIUS officials brief him in person on
the matter by Friday, with details on the extent to which UAE's past ties to the
Taliban in Afghanistan and the country's use by some 9/11 hijackers factored in
the review. Grassley also wants any details on any controls put in place to make
sure DP World does not circumvent any security measures.

Schumer joined other lawmakers last week to write Snow asking for a 45-day CFIUS
investigation. Clinton's bill, also sponsored by Sen. Robert Menendez, D-N.J.,
would prohibit companies owned by foreign governments from purchasing port
operations in the U.S.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2006 The Deal, L.L.C.


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                     December 22, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

IT'S THE GOP, NOT THE DEMOS, SPOILING BUSH'S HONEYMOON

BYLINE: Tom Teepen

SECTION: OPINION; Commentary; Pg. 09

LENGTH: 529 words


GEORGE W. Bush hasn't even been inaugurated as president and already his
political enemies are making things tough for him.

No, no, not the Democrats. Most of them are keeping a low profile and making
soothing noises from a discreet distance, if they have anything to say at all,
about working together, wishing Bush well, good of the nation and all that.

It's Republicans who already have the president-elect in a box.

There on one side is Sen. John McCain, swearing he will immediately reintroduce
his bill to reform campaign funding by plugging the loophole that lets vested
interests grease favored politicians and pliant parties with outsized
contributions that dodge the limits on political largess.

Bush hates the idea, in kind with pretty much all of the Republican
establishment, but there are ready majorities in the House and Senate who favor
the reform, maybe even veto-proof majorities.

If McCain can finagle around the procedural barriers the GOP congressional
leadership will throw in his way, he can force the new president either to
swallow an early legislative defeat or to veto a bill that has broad public
support.

Either way, McCain positions himself as the leading challenger to Bush's
renomination if his presidency flounders. Yes, the piranha are stirring already.
The 04 election has started. And on the other side, the president-elect is
getting yelled at from his party's religious and ideological far right.

GOP mainstreamers persuaded the party's right-wing popoffs to stifle themselves
during the campaign, so as not to scare the natives again and thus serve the
larger goal of electing a Republican, any Republican. But with Bush now safely
stuffed into the presidency by James Baker, the reverends Robertson and Falwell
and family-value hawkers like Gary Bauer are in full throat.

They expect right-wing Cabinet appointees, especially as attorney general and as
secretary of health and human services. (If the latter, there goes the
compassionate part of passionate conservatism right from the get-go.)

They expect judicial nominees who will maneuver to again criminalize women and
girls who have abortions and physicians who perform them. No more David Souters
the Supreme Court appointee of Bush the First who turned out to be moderate, to
wide horror within the party.

(And is now often cast as a liberal. The political spectrum has been so canted
to the right that definitions are shifting. These days, a liberal is anyone who
isn't an overt, doctrinaire conservative.)

If Bush snubs his party's right, he will have a hard time holding some key votes
in the narrow Republican majority in the House. Archetypal conservative House
Speaker Newt Gingrich was undercut by rightwing rebels. If Bush gives in, he
will shock an electorate that was iffy about him at best and certainly wasn't
clamoring for a hard-right administration.

Small wonder most Democrats are making nice. They can give Bush his honeymoon in
reasonable confidence the boudoir will be filled up with killjoy in-laws.

Tom Teepen is a columnist for Cox Newspapers. He is based in Atlanta. Readers
may e-mail him at teepencolumn@coxnews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                              June 9, 2003, Monday

Cool Sorenstam weathers late charge by Park

BYLINE: Mel Webb in Wilmington, Delaware

SECTION: Sport; 39

LENGTH: 599 words


IT WAS, in American-speak, the rainingest place in Delaware and as it
transpired, it was also the worryingest time for Annika Sorenstam. Her life has
been even more hectic than usual lately and it became even more fraught when she
was given the fright of her life yesterday by a rival who leapt with one mighty
bound from the pack in the final round of the McDonald's LPGA Championship.

Sorenstam, 32, eventually won the title for which she had been such a warm
favourite after being subjected to a searching examination by Grace Park, of
South Korea. Sorenstam took the title at the first hole of a sudden-death
play-off after a 72 had left her in a tie with Park on 278, six under par, but
in truth it was intestinal fortitude rather than the quality of her golf that
settled it.

Perhaps it was the fact that she was attempting to win the title for the first
time in her distinguished career that got to her, maybe it was the exposure she
had been subjected to when playing in the Bank of America Colonial on the US PGA
Tour two weeks before, followed by victory in the Kellogg-Keebler Classic in
Illinois the next week.

It could have been just plain exhaustion -Sorenstam is physically and mentally
stronger than just about anybody in the game, but there has to be a limit.

Whatever the reason, when a wall reared in front of her on the inward half on a
gruelling final day, it was as much as she could do to surmount it and move on
to the blessed relief of the last putt of them all.

The loss of most of Saturday to stair-rod rain -1 inches fell on the DuPont
Country Club -meant that Sorenstam and Park had to play 33 holes in the day and,
like the rest of the 70 players who had made the cut, had to plough through muck
and bullets in the process. The spectators had it bad enough, but the players'
advantage of walking on short stuff was more than counteracted by having somehow
to finagle a ball round a soggy course.

Sorenstam could not manage anything better than a 72 in the morning but retained
a four-stroke lead going into the final round, with the challenge of those who
had challenged her fading quietly away. It seemed that she would have to do
little more than remain vertical in the closing round to win her fifth major
championship.

It did not work out that way at all. Park, 24, who had featured strongly in the
first round but had been on the fringes of the action since, was five behind
Sorenstam at the start but began to close the gap almost immediately. She
birdied the 2nd, 3rd and 7th holes, and by the turn was a single stroke adrift
of Sorenstam, who spent the opening nine holes fiddling about with birdies and
bogeys. The battle was joined.

The pair swapped blows as they started for home and Park eventually took the
lead when she birdied the 16th to move to six under par.

Sorenstam, looking edgy, now lost the accuracy that had served her so well. She
missed the fairway on the 14th and missed the green on the 15th but somehow
managed to salvage par each time.

She now needed a birdie with the desperation of a man seeking water in the
desert and finally got one from 15 inches after hitting a greenside bunker on
the 17th.

It was her first birdie since the 6th. All square as the sky began to weep
again.

The piece was still in the balance. Park was in with a brilliant 67 and
Sorenstam had to birdie the home hole. She had bogeyed it in the previous two
rounds, but now a wonderful seven-wood second shot left her with a 25-foot putt
for the title.

She missed. Back to the start.

Back to the finish.


LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 14, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

HOYA FEVER, NOT HAY FEVER

BYLINE: By ESTHER B. FEIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 12, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 623 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 13


Cherry blossoms are just barely starting to tickle the tips of dusty brown
branches here, and already Washingtonians are afflicted with a condition that
has become common in the capital in spring.

The symptoms of Hoyamania are familiar: a rise in spirits, a fixation on Hoyas,
a feverish rush for tickets.

''Very basically,'' said Michael Laska, a lawyer with the Federal Highway
Administration and a former Hoya, ''this is a city where people get interested
in a winner.''

The Hoyas, for anyone lost in other springtime fancies, are Georgetown
University's basketball team.

Back in 1973, the Hoyas were best known for having the most unusual team
nickname on the collegiate circuit. But then a man named John Thompson became
the coach, and what was then a 3-23 team is now ranked No. 1 in the nation.

On Thursday the Hoyas begin the defense of their national championship when they
face Lehigh in Hartford in the first round of the National Collegiate Athletic
Association's tournament. And success, it seems, has made Hoyamania a bit more
contagious.

'It's Spreading Outside of Washington'

Jeff Craven, director of Hoyas Unlimited, a sports fund-raising arm for
Georgetown University's alumni association, is the first to handle the
springtime surge of Hoyamania. He is also a conduit for tickets to the
championship games.

''The truth is,'' Mr. Craven said, ''it's spreading outside of Washington.''

A lot of Washingtonians and out-of-towners, it appears, have come down with the
bug. Many locals have been calling Mr. Craven trying to finagle a few extra
tickets for ''high- placed officials'' and ''sources in the Administration.''
Some fans have even increased their donations to the alumni association in hope
of securing more post-season tickets.  Associate Hoyas - those who donate $25 -
have priority for purchasing one post-season ticket, and rankings climb to
Bulldog Hoyas (a $250 donation and dibs on two tickets), Golden Hoyas ($1,000
donation and four tickets), all the way to Diamond Hoyas (a $2,500 donation and
an enviable hold on six tickets).

''Everyone wants to donate more,'' Mr. Craven said, ''because everyone wants
tickets.''

With this philanthropic windfall, Hoyas Unlimited's coffers have exceeded
$300,000 this year, up from $50,000 just four years ago.

'A Very Washington Topic'

The team's success has also led to an increase in the prestige of Georgetown,
which has long labored in the shadow of more landed East Coast institutions.
There is even speculation that when (not ''if,'' for a true Hoya fan never
doubts) the team makes it to the championship game, tickets will be hotter that
were those for the Inaugural Balls.

''It's a very Washington topic,'' said Patrick Keeley, class of '70, a lawyer
with the firm Fulbright & Jaworski. ''I was at Mel Krupin's the other day, and I
overheard all kinds of people talking about the Hoyas over lunch.''

But one thing has not changed since the pre- John Thompson renaissance. The most
commonly asked question, aside from ''Do you have an extra ticket?'' is still
''Just what is a Hoya?''

One apocryphal explanation has it that a Spanish priest, while watching his
students playing sports, affectionately called them ''joyas,'' or jewels.

The more accepted definition is that many years ago athletes at Georgetown were
called Stonewalls, for their ability to thwart opponents. One intellectual
student traced ''stonewall'' back to its Latin roots and came up with ''Hoia
Saxa,'' which literally means ''What Rocks'' and evolved into Hoya.

''In the old days people didn't know who the Hoyas were or what Hoyas were,''
Mr. Craven said. ''Now they just want to know where they can get a ticket.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Dalby Herald (Queensland)

                                 March 13, 2012

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 452  words

Dalby Race Results

Saturday, March 10

Track: Good (3)

1. CLASS B HANDICAP, 1400m: 17.00 CONYUEN (b g 4y Conatus - Miss Yuen Yuen.
Trainer: H R Dew) 55.5 (L Finlay) 1, 5.00 eq fav NIGHT WANDERER 57.5 (G Geran)
2, 11.00 FREEKEH 55 carr 51 (Tomarra Serjeant) 3. Then followed: 8.00 Red Suit
6.00 Oakfield Babe 16.00 Lystar Miss 6.00 Finagle 17.00 Break The Blues 5.00 eq
fav Marc The Magpie 17.00 Coronado 17.00 Mr Pin Wa 21.00 Jorja's Dragon last.
Scr: Red Creek. Nk, 4 lens. Time: 1:23.15.

2. 2 & 3-Y-O MAIDEN PLATE, 1000m: 17.00 SHOW PEACE (ch f 3y Show A Heart -
Tender Truce. Trainer: Ms L Weston) 56 (G Geran) 1, 7.00 LITTLE BEAUJANGLES 58
(S Apthorpe) 2, 11.00 FITTING FINALE 58 (N Tomizawa) 3. Then followed: 9.00 Miss
Tippi 9.00 Junabee Rose 11.00 Spinning Vault 4.60 fav Our Barty Boy 8.00 Steel
To The Heel 31.00 Syrus 17.00 More Coins 5.00 Get It Right last. Scr: Suspicious
Miss. Â½ len, hd. Time: 0:57.95.

3. LIGHTNING HANDICAP 800m: 11.00 OUTCROP (b g 6y Johannesburg (USA) - Balcanny.
Trainer: J H Hearne) 55 (Leeanne Mc Coy) 1, 4.40 LAMBERT 58.5 (J Oakes) 2, 2.80
fav REILLY BLUE 62 carr 58 (Alannah Fancourt) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Emmertt
17.00 Otago 7.00 Mini Maizing 13.00 Winds Of Fire 26.00 Lion Beauty last. Scr:
Dr Barnard, Norocos. Sh nk, sh nk. Time: No time taken.

4. DALBY NEWMARKET 1200m:31.00 CONVICTOR (b g 6y Conatus - Sheer Victory.
Trainer: Ray Hawkswell) 55 carr 52 (N Nishio) 1, 7.00 PONZI SCHEME 55 (G Geran)
2, 5.00 fav TRAIL BOSS 56 (L Finlay) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Rama Kaho 15.00
Kneel And Raise 6.00 Looped 15.00 Frisco Lights 7.00 Dancefloor Prodigy 17.00
Duke William 17.00 Uncle Jan 26.00 Johnny Aucash 17.00 Buttido 13.00 Mirabeau
15.00 Rockem last. Scr: Fleet 'n' Fast, Mohawk, Telesto Warrior, Grain Trader,
Second Go. 1Â¼ lens, len. Time: 1:08.82.

5. CLASS 3 HANDICAP, 2000m: 6.00 HOOTILLA (b g 5y Encosta De Lago - Speedy Kids.
Trainer: R J Milne) 59 carr 55 (Alannah Fancourt) 1, 10.00 CUBAN 55 (M Abe) 2,
9.00 COBBANVILLA 57 (Ms L Mc Coy) 3. Then followed: 10.00 Mr Magorium 7.00 Regal
Scout 6.00 Golden Hut 6.00 Loxley 9.00 Are We In Love 3.00 fav Noela's Romp
26.00 Iza Comin' last. Scr: Merchant Girl. 3 lens, sh nk. Time: 2:02.61.

Dalby Ladies Golf

A WONDERFUL field of 21 ladies played a Single Stableford on Thursday, March 8
and the winner with 37 points was Keely Buckley.

Runner-up: Wendy Derrick 35 points.

Pin shots: No 3 Keely Buckley, No 6 Gill Taylor, No 14 Keely Buckly, No 18
Florence Henderson.

Six ladies represented the club at Pittsworth's Open Day on Wednesday.

Coming events:

Thursday, March 15 - three-person Irish Stableford (wear green for St Patrick's
Day).

Sunday, March 18 - two-person Ambrose Medley - G.C. Driving School - Millmerran
Open Carnival.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TDH


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 20, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

Books;
Heresies and Eco-Horrors

Dennis Drabelle

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B3

LENGTH: 814 words


THE COVENANT OF THE FLAME

By David Morrell

Warner Books. 452 pp. $ 19.95

David Morrell's new thriller depends on a number of assumptions. Some are
questionable, but one is right on the mark: the notion that readers might take
vicarious pleasure in watching vigilantes bump off world-class polluters.
Consider, for example, the CEO of recklessly cost-cutting Pacific-Rim Petroleum,
whose run-aground tanker is spilling crude by the millions of gallons over the
Great Barrier Reef. When the blighter pauses in the midst of a news conference
to drink from a doctored, toxic glass of water and pitches over dead on the
spot, the punishment seems harsh but not wholly out of line.

Similar fates are befalling other eco-fiends -- polluters of the air, defilers
of the rain forest, careless custodians of ammonia and other poisons -- and a
pattern is emerging. Among the more prescient observers is Tess Drake, an
editor-reporter for Earth Mother magazine in New York. While investigating links
among these ostensibly disparate incidents, she keeps bumping into Joseph, no
last name, an appealing fellow-habitue of the skyscraper in which Earth Mother
is headquartered.

When the two meet after hours for a drink, Joseph announces practically right
off that romance is out of the question. Not that he's married or gay, he
explains -- just "untemptable," an avowal that hits Tess as a challenge. Before
she can launch Operation Melt Joseph, however, he disappears. Days go by. Nobody
on the floor where he supposedly worked can remember him. Tess finagles her way
into his apartment, where she finds a shelf full of pious books and a bizarre
sculpture of a warrior astride a bull he is slaughtering. A few days later,
Joseph turns up dead in Central Park, scorched almost beyond recognition. His
apartment also goes up in flames, with the photographs Tess happened to take
there surviving as the sole record of its contents.

Tipped off by the novel's prologue, the reader now knows something Tess doesn't:
Joseph belonged to a Mithraic sect that harks back 2,000 years, with an
intermediate embodiment in the Albigensian heresy of 11th- through 13th-century
France. Joseph and his brethren worship two gods, one of good and one of evil,
locked in eternal combat, and the good one has given them a special charge to
protect the Earth from despoliation. What's more, the Inquisition is after them.
Just as the Covenant of the Flame (to give the dual deists their rightful name)
has survived in secret, so, all these years, the spiritual sons of the
ultra-righteous Dominican Tomas de Torquemada have kept their lore and methods
alive behind closed doors. Tess has blundered into a theological chess match in
progress on a planetwide scale.

Morrell is a veteran of the genre whose previous books include the best-selling
"Brotherhood of the Rose." Where he goes wrong in "The Covenant of the Flame" is
in supposing that the recrudescence of two packs of medieval-minded zealots will
speed modern pulses. Even a reader with a Catholic background (as I have) will
likely dredge up only a dim memory of the Albigensians -- didn't they fill out a
rhyme in the Singing Nun's biggest hit? Morrell tries gamely to couple this
"group of fanatics who somehow survived from the Middle Ages" with Ronald
Reagan's Evil Empire theory, but not even Tess, who mouths the connection, seems
to credit it.

The Inquisitors are a more promising lot. Their furtive and sadistic doings hold
out hope of excitement or, rather -- let's be frank -- titillation, but their
role in the book is perfunctory. One waits in vain for a rack to be dusted off
and oiled or an anathema to be pronounced.

Weighed down by its listless premises, the novel spirals into a succession of
chases and captures and escapes that -- to use a buzzword usually reserved for
more pretentious fictions -- do not resonate. Meanwhile, the best plot device
that Morrell has going for him, the stalking and dispatching of polluters, falls
by the wayside once Tess and Police Lt. Craig, her picked-up-on-the-rebound
boyfriend, plunge into the morass of theological terrorism.

My favorite moment in the book comes during a lull when Tess is home in
Washington, visiting her posh, proud mother. Despite the clan's money and
connections, the headstrong lass insisted on attending Georgetown over the
tonier places she could have gone. It's a hot, humid day, and her mother is
shocked at Tess's get-up. "Your pullover's so damp that I can see your ...,"
Mrs. Drake remarks, and the ellipsis is hers. "I'll never forgive myself for
letting you go to Georgetown University instead of one of the Seven Sisters."

Women at Georgetown more transparent than their counterparts at Barnard and
Radcliffe? Like so much else in "The Covenant of the Flame," this claim is hard
to believe.


The reviewer is a Washington writer and editor.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BEELINE INTERCHANGE PULLING DRIVERS OFF PGA

BYLINE: By CHUCK McGINNESS Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 507 words

DATELINE: PALM BEACH GARDENS


If there's any doubt the new Beeline Highway interchange on Florida's Turnpike
is doing its job, take a look at the numbers.

During August, an average of 2,705 vehicles a day passed through the interchange
- the first on the turnpike exclusively for SunPass users - while traffic at the
nearby PGA Boulevard interchange was down about 2 percent.

The daily average would have been nearly 3,000 if not for the three days when
Ernesto, the would-be hurricane that weakened to a tropical depression,
threatened South Florida and travel was lighter than normal.

"The interchange is doing what it's supposed to do," turnpike spokeswoman Sonyha
Rodriguez-Miller said Wednesday.

Among the first month's statistics on the $27.5 million Beeline interchange, the
one that stands out is the number of toll violations. There was some type of
problem with about 8.9 percent of the transactions. That's more than double the
systemwide average of 4 percent.

But not all of the violators were drivers without SunPass who tried to finagle a
free ride or went through by mistake. Some drivers do not want to attach their
transponder to the windshield and hold it up as they go through the toll booth,
causing the transaction sometimes not to record properly.

SunPass workers will review photographs of the toll violations and match license
plates to SunPass customers. If the driver has an active account, the money will
be charged, Rodriguez-Miller said.

Motorists who are not SunPass customers will receive a warning. Subsequent
offenses will bring a citation, which carries a maximum $100 fine.

The number of violations are expected to decrease as motorists become more
familiar with the operation, Rodriguez-Miller said.

"It can take several months for things to even out," she said.

Right now, it's difficult to gauge the decrease in traffic on PGA Boulevard
interchange because the road is being widened west of the turnpike and traffic
is moving more slowly than normal, City Councilman Eric Jablin said.

"Once the construction is over, in eight months, there should be a noticeable
change," Jablin said. "More people will have discovered the Beeline
interchange."

Traffic at the Beeline interchange is projected to increase to 7,000 cars a day,
drawing commuters from developments springing up in the western communities. The
tollway system is growing 8 percent to 10 percent a year in Palm Beach County.

The turnpike has been criticized for not having at least one toll booth for cash
customers at the Beeline interchange. And some people have questioned its
location in a "needy area," right down the road from the Veterans Affairs
Medical Center and near Riviera Beach.

Turnpike officials counter that more than 60 percent of toll transactions
statewide are made electronically. SunPass ramps process four times as many
vehicles an hour as an attendant in a toll booth and are cheaper to build and
operate, they say. And electronic tolls are typically 25 cents less than cash
tolls.

"I think overall people are happy," Rodriguez-Miller said.

- chuck_mcginness@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: MAP (B&W)
 STAFF GRAPHIC Location of new Beeline Highway Interchange.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 10, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Wharton boys seek three-peat

BYLINE: KATHERINE SMITH, ksmith@tampatrib.com

SECTION: NORTHEAST; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 538 words


The top three players from last year's state title team return.

By KATHERINE SMITH

ksmith@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - No other tennis team in Hillsborough County has done what Wharton High's
boys team did last year. Now they want to do what few teams in the state of
Florida have done - three-peat.

The Wildcats became the first team in the county to win back-to-back state
championships last year. This season, in a new classification and new district,
they want to make it three in a row, something only 11 high schools have done in
the history of the FHSAA championships.

The last school to win three in a row was Naples Barron Collier from 2005-07.

Wharton returns its top three players from last year's state championship team:
No. 1 Michael Alford, No. 2 Ben Hwang and No. 3 Rohit Navelkar. In addition to
helping the Wildcats win a team title, Alford won the Class 3A individual title.

He and Navelkar teamed up to win the team No. 1 doubles before falling in the
overall doubles championship.

And all three never dropped a match last season. As good as they were, coach
Marcie Scholl thinks they're even better this year.

"They're all stronger," Scholl said. "And we have a new addition, John Ho, who
is a phenomenal player and just a sophomore. And they're such good character
boys.

"I got an e-mail from a coach after a match telling me that they were such class
act, so that's to know that they play well on and off the court."

With such a deep team, Scholl's been able to finagle her roster to move some of
the younger players up during earlier season matches, giving them valuable
playing experience. As two-time state champions, the Wildcats play with a target
on their backs and know they get everybody's best when they play them.

"I keep reminding them that they are playing for Wharton and everybody is trying
to put a hole in us," Scholl said. "We're in a different district this year, so
we're seeing some other teams and it seems a lot of teams are very competitive."

Helping keep Wharton on track is Alford, last year's Tampa Tribune boys tennis
Player of the Year. Alford has signed with the University of Florida and was
named a captain this season.

"He's a leader, and the boys really listen to what he has to say," Scholl said.
"He loves high school tennis. You can just tell. You still don't know whenever
he leaves the court whether he has won or lost because he's so even keeled.

"He's done so well academically and on the court."

Hwang and Navelkar have also stepped up their game. And Navelkar's game hasn't
just grown on the court. He sprouted up, adding about four inches to his lanky
frame.

"I've grown a lot," Navelkar said. "I had to get adjusted to it, but I feel a
lot stronger now."

So does the team. Although the pressure is on to remain on top, the players have
embraced the challenge.

"What a dream team it was and I have such a dream team this year," Scholl said.
"It's all in place for this year, they just have to play their game. They have
to remember what their final goal is.

"They all have a strong work effort and they push each other."

Reporter Katherine Smith can be reached at (813) 259-7860.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Affordable Skiing: Sunday River

BYLINE: By KATIE ZEZIMA

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Travel Desk; SKI GUIDE 2010; Pg.

LENGTH: 965 words


Tucked away in the mountains of western Maine, Sunday River often plays second
fiddle to resorts like Killington and Stowe. But this behemoth of a ski area  --
132 trails across eight connected peaks  -- offers a huge amount of bang for
your buck. Sunday River is one of those rare mountains where it's possible to
see no one on a run and never have to ski the same trail twice. Ski-and-stay
deals abound, both on mountain and in the friendly town of Bethel. Even the
lively apres ski scene won't break the bank; $2 beers, anyone?

HOW TO GET THERE Sunday River is about 80 miles from the Portland International
Jetport and about a seven-hour drive from New York City. Delta, JetBlue and
United fly direct to Portland from Kennedy Airport; USAir from LaGuardia.
Round-trip flights start at $189 for the end of January, according to a recent
online search. To get to Sunday River from the airport, the cheapest bet is to
rent a small car; taxis and shuttles range from $120 to $150 each way. If you
can finagle a ride, it's easy to get around the ski resort on the Mountain
Explorer, a free shuttle connecting the mountain and charming town of Bethel,
about five miles from the mountain.

WHERE TO STAY Sunday River offers ski-and-stay deals at its 700 condo units and
three hotels. Bargain hunters tend to stay at the Brookside, Cascades and
Sunrise condominiums (www.sundayriver.com/lodging/condominiums). These slopeside
studios and one-bedroom units have kitchenettes (kitchenware is provided),
simple pine furniture and pull-out couches. Each building has a communal vibe,
with large common areas, a pool, sauna and hot tub. Condos range from $69 to
$119 a person on weekends, and are based on two-night, maximum occupancy. Most
condos sleep up to six. Rates start at $50 midweek. Prices include a lift ticket
and 90-minute ski clinic.

The Chapman Inn (2 Church Street, Bethel; 207-824-2657; www.chapmaninn.com) has
rooms for budget travelers of all stripes, from those merely watching their
budgets to the severest of penny pinchers. Private rooms with flowered
bedspreads and lace curtains range from $99 (queen bed, rocking chair and shared
bathroom) to $129 (four-bed suite). And for $35, there's the dorm, a three-level
facility with semiprivate bunk beds and a communal kitchen. All guests have
access to a game room with a pool table and darts, as well as a full breakfast.
But be warned: if you're afraid of ghosts, don't come; a paranormal investigator
hired by the owners concluded that the property is haunted.

There are cheaper digs still. The SnowBoardingHouse (646 West Bethel Road,
Bethel; 207-824-4224; www.snowboardinghouse.com) is an 18-bed hostel with
pine-paneled walls, a communal kitchen with plenty of counter space, a big
living room and a large deck off the back. Guests share bunks, groups can book a
more private family room. One night is $25; Hostelling International members
stay for $22.

LIFT TICKETS A standard adult lift ticket is $77 during the regular season. For
an extra $2 skiers can use their day tickets for night skiing. If you plan to
ski more than five days, get a Frequent Skier Card, which offers a free day of
skiing, $25 off midweek lift tickets and $15 off weekend lift tickets at Sunday
River and two nearby resorts, Sugarloaf and Loon. The card costs about $12 if
purchased with a lift ticket or $89 if bought alone.

WHERE TO EAT If you're staying at a condo, your best bet is to buy food on your
way, since there are no large, inexpensive grocery stores in town. You also save
a lot of money by preparing your own meals.

Eating on the mountain isn't cheap, but deals can be found. The Pejamajo Cafe,
near the Barker Lodge, serves up savory and sweet crepes, paninis and budget
favorites like grilled cheese and peanut butter and jelly.

If you'd rather someone else fry up your morning eggs, head to the Crossroads
Diner (24 Mayville Road, Bethel; 207-824-3673; www.crossroadsdiner.net). Fill up
for the rest of the day with a Crossroad omelet ($5.99): cheese, tomatoes, green
peppers, mushrooms, onions, bacon, ham and sausage. The French toast ($4.99 for
a tall stack) comes sprinkled with blueberries for 50 cents extra.

Replenish all those calories you burned skiing at theSuds Pub at the Sudbury Inn
(151 Main Street, Bethel; 207-824-6558; www.sudburyinn.com/thesudspub.html). The
varied menu includes pub favorites like pulled-pork sandwichs ($7.95) and chili
cheese fries ($5.95), as well as entrees including blackened salmon with
vegetables and rice ($13.95) and New York sirloin with a wild-mushroom
bordelaise sauce ($16.95). Wash it all down with one of the 29 beers on tap ($2
for a Pabst Blue Ribbon).

APRES SKI The party at Sunday River starts immediately after the lifts close and
doesn't stop until the wee hours. On mountain, the action starts at the Foggy
Goggle (207-824-5056) in the South Ridge Lodge. The name of the Matterhorn Ski
Bar (292 Sunday River Road, Bethel; 207-824-6836; www.matterhornskibar.com) is
literal; the bar is made from old skis, and skiing memorabilia lines the walls.
Party into the night with one of the bar's five 60-ounce glacier bowls ($18), a
mixture of light and dark rums with fruit juice. For a mellower vibe, head to
Liams Restaurant and Jacks Pub (96 Sunday River Road; Bethel; 207-824-6755;
www.liamsandjackspub.com), a hangout among the locals with $2 bottles of Pabst
and 25 cent wings from 3 to 5 p.m.

WHERE TO SHOP Bethel offers plenty of shops that will blow your budget, so shop
carefully. For basic provisions head to the Barking Dawg Market (119 Skiway
Road; Newry; 207-824-6969; www.barkingdawgmarket.com). Pick up extra hats,
gloves or sunscreen at True North Adventureware (196 Walkers Mill Road, Bethel;
207-824-2201; www.truenorthadventureware.com).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                          February 11, 2009 Wednesday

KILMER CLAIMS MISQUOTE OVER VETERAN GAFFE

BYLINE: STEVE TERRELL

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 442 words


Actor and possible gubernatorial candidate Val Kilmer says he was misquoted by a
national magazine.

Again.

Kilmer has caused a stir among military family groups because of statements
attributed to him in a 2005 article in Esquire magazine.

In that article, Kilmer was asked whether he thought he was more qualified to
play a Vietnam combat veteran than an actual veteran.

"I understand it more," the magazine quoted Kilmer. "It's an actor's job. A guy
who's lived through the horror of Vietnam has not spent his life preparing his
mind for it. He's some punk. Most guys were borderline criminal or poor, and
that's why they got sent to Vietnam. It was all the poor, wretched kids who got
beat up by their dads, guys who didn't get on the football team, couldn't
finagle a scholarship.

"They didn't have the emotional equipment to handle that experience. But this is
what an actor trains to do. I can more effectively represent that kid in Vietnam
than a guy who was there."

Asked about that quote during one of Kilmer's visits to the state Capitol last
week, the actor replied, "I didn't make that statement. ... I have nothing but
praise and respect for veterans."

One military blog, Military-Money-Matters.com, said, "If he really said those
things, Val Kilmer gets my vote for brass-balled moron of the year!"

Kilmer later responded to the blog, repeating his claim of being misquoted. "My
father served proudly in WW2 and I have never uttered a single word of
disrespect to any armed servicemen anywhere ever.

"I sincerely apologize for causing any discomfort to any vets and would not have
pursued a line of thought that could have been turned into such an ugly version
of a simple rule in acting," Kilmer's statement said.

But it's not the first time Kilmer has claimed to have been misquoted by a
national publication. In 2003, Kilmer, who lives in San Miguel County, was
quoted in Rolling Stone saying, "I live in the homicide capital of the
Southwest. Eighty percent of the people in my county are drunk. So driving home
on the highway, especially with kids, (carrying a gun is) just a precaution."

The magazine also quoted Kilmer joking about how he spends his time in New
Mexico. "We shoot the automatic weapons at the trespassers and people a
different color than us."

Kilmer in 2003 said Rolling Stone had misquoted him and taken his comments "out
of context."

Kilmer has said he's thinking about running as a Democrat for governor in 2010.
He visited the state Capitol at least twice last week. On Friday, he met with
Gov. Bill Richardson.

Contact Steve Terrell at 986-3037 or sterrell@sfnewmexican.com Read his
political blog at roundhouseroundup.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The New Mexican


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 28, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Fewer Half-Days Could Make Schedule a Whole Lot Easier for Parents

BYLINE: Karin Chenoweth

SECTION: MONTGOMERY EXTRA; HOMEROOM KARIN CHENOWETH; Pg. T05

LENGTH: 1609 words


Now that we've gotten through two half-days in a row and are into the
Thanksgiving break, parents can look forward to uninterrupted schooling -- till
winter break, of course. As a friend of mine says, "If the school system wants
us to home-school our children, they should just tell us."

The weeks that "drive parents crazy," in the words of school board member
Patricia O'Neill (Bethesda-Chevy Chase), are the ones with two half-days in a
row, causing endless scrambling on the part of working parents.

So I was wondering what is on tap for next year. According to Robin Confino,
executive assistant to the school system's chief operating officer, there will
probably still be two half-days for teachers to complete report cards in the
first quarter and two half-days for the third quarter, because the teachers
union contract specifies them. There will also be two half-days for parent
conferences, but one may be scheduled for Veterans Day, when many parents have
the day off from work.

But -- hooray! -- it looks as if there won't be any other half-days in the
year's schedule. "We heard the parents," says Confino, who is helping develop a
proposal for next year's school calendar and who met with a group of parents
from the Montgomery County Council of PTAs a couple of weeks ago.

Another good piece of news is that the central office will probably propose to
the school board that four of the five professional days -- when teachers
receive training -- should be on either Monday or Friday instead of in the
middle of the week. Working parents should find it easier to finagle their work
hours around a weekend rather than having to interrupt the workweek.

That leaves the last major issue, which is when school will start and end. Two
of the primary possibilities being considered are to start Aug. 26 and end June
15, or start on Sept. 2 and end June 22. The school board is scheduled to decide
Dec. 10. If you have strong feelings on the subject, write to Carver Educational
Services Center, 850 Hungerford Dr., Room 123, Rockville, Md. 20850, or e-mail
boe@fc.mcps.k12.md.us.

Dear Homeroom:

My son is learning about the slave trade and the horrors of the Middle Passage
in his eighth-grade world studies class. This past Monday, my son's teacher
bound the children's hands with masking tape and had them lie down on the
classroom floor in order to simulate the miserable conditions of the captured
slaves.

Were my son to show up at school and say, "My mother taped my hands together and
made me lie down on the hard floor to teach me a lesson," no matter how
important that lesson, I have no doubt that the school would (rightfully)
contact social services.

While I understand that it's difficult for teachers to come up with new and
innovative ideas to teach their students, I believe that binding a child is most
definitely not the way to go. My son reports that half the kids were laughing,
while he had a foot in his face and a much larger child lying halfway across his
body. Somehow, I doubt that this "lesson" was truly learned.

I spoke with the school principal, my son's guidance counselor and the world
studies teacher. All were sympathetic to and concerned about my son's discomfort
with this exercise, and the principal and teacher conceded that perhaps in the
future, they will allow students to opt out of participation without penalty.

But I still question the wisdom of allowing teachers the option of binding their
students, no matter how noble the lesson being taught. Surely no one would
consider a simulation of a gas chamber during study of the Holocaust to be a
viable option. As a parent, I resent anyone being physical with my child. I
seriously doubt the wisdom of Montgomery County public schools in adopting this
lesson plan.

Paula Braverman

Potomac

That particular lesson was developed by History Alive!, a curriculum company
that produces materials widely used in Montgomery County. The county's social
studies supervisor, Martin Creel, says that in general the History Alive!
materials are very good at getting kids interested and thinking about history
and historical events.

But, he said, county policy and common sense forbid teachers from binding
students. After I asked him about your letter, he said the program is under
review and all exercises such as that one have been temporarily suspended. "It's
a good program," Creel said of the curriculum. "But a student should never be
made to feel unsafe in instruction, and it sounds as if that's what happened in
this case."

When I talked with Bert Bowers, one of the founders of the California-based
History Alive!, he said that the company discarded that particular lesson years
ago because of a firestorm of complaints. "It is the only lesson we've ever
gotten complaints about," he said. I'm not quite sure Bowers understood parents'
desire that their children not be bound and physically restrained. He attributed
the complaints solely to the fact that the issues of slavery and the Middle
Passage are extremely painful subjects in America.

To convince me that History Alive! has a lot to offer students that can't
otherwise be found in the boring textbooks and work sheets that many teachers
use, Bowers sent me some of his materials. Some activities are nonsense --
having kids sit under desks to simulate what World War I was like, for example
-- but others provide fairly high-level materials so that students can study
documents, photos and paintings to gain insight into why people might have
wanted to leave Germany in the 19th century or what it was like to live as an
American slave.

I can't claim to have read the whole textbook he sent, but what I did read was
well written and interesting, which is a refreshing change from most social
studies textbooks.

Unfortunately, it failed my essential textbook test of seeing how A. Philip
Randolph is treated. I consider Randolph to have been the greatest of the
20th-century civil rights leaders, and a textbook's treatment of him is my way
of seeing how accurate and knowledgeable the textbook writers are. The History
Alive! text fails on that score -- it mentions Randolph only once and misspells
his name.

So teachers can't simply use History Alive! materials unthinkingly. They must be
on their guard against inaccuracies, insensitivity to historical nuance and some
sheer silliness.

But I digress from the main point, which is that students are not supposed to be
physically bound and restrained as part of a classroom exercise.

Dear Homeroom:

It may be that the benefits of a National Science Foundation grant to improve
high school instruction will trickle down eventually to K-8 science, as you
anticipate ["With Grant, a Much-Needed Inquiry Into Science Teaching," Oct. 24].
But in the meantime, MCPS has an obligation to prepare its students for the
rigors of high school science and for the high school assessments -- an
obligation that it continues to ignore, at our children's peril.

The first step is obvious: to see to it that the K-8 curriculum covers the
scientific knowledge and concepts our children should bring to high school
science, and that it does so in a thorough, systematic and coherent manner. (Of
course, a quality curriculum doesn't ensure a quality education, but it's
certainly a place to start.)

The two consistent and closely interrelated complaints of MCPS high school
biology teachers are that they must cover too much material and that their
students come in poorly prepared. As one such teacher lamented recently, many
students enter high school biology lacking even a rudimentary understanding of
chemistry, which is prerequisite knowledge for the course. Yet the new science
curriculum framework does nothing to address this situation.

In the memorable words of Dr. Stan Metzenberg, who helped draw up the exemplary
California science standards, "This scattershot approach to science education is
bound to lead to students in grades 9-12 who have little concept of cell
division or DNA (to name two examples of things not covered)."

Laurie Sekiguchi

Rockville

The county has adopted a science curriculum from kindergarten to eighth grade
that requires enormous sophistication, knowledge, training and time on the part
of teachers in order to make it work. (To look at some of the curriculum
documents, go to www.mcps.k12.md.us/curriculum.)

The reason I am excited about the National Science Foundation grant received by
Montgomery County and the University System of Maryland is that it is, in part,
aimed at helping teachers become more sophisticated and knowledgeable.

You are right, however, that if the county clearly outlined what each child is
supposed to know and be able to do at each grade level, it would be an enormous
help not only to teachers but also to students and their families. Right now,
for example, the science curriculum guide includes a lot of description of
process (such as, students will "utilize curiosity") instead of clear content
guidelines (such as, "students will know the characteristics of the three kinds
of rocks and the basic structure of DNA"). It would be easier for kids and the
grown-ups who care about them if someone just told them what they need to know
in a way they could understand.

Homeroom appears every week in Montgomery Extra. Send questions, opinions and
issues that you would like to see discussed to Homeroom, The Washington Post, 51
Monroe St., Suite 500, Rockville, Md. 20850. The fax number is 301-279-5665. Or
e-mail homeroom@washpost.com. To see previous columns, go to
www.washingtonpost.com, click on the Education page and look for Homeroom under
Education Columnists.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 26, 2010 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Black Friday Expectations Are High

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE CLIFFORD

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1233 words


Buy more, save more seems to be the mantra going into the holiday shopping
season.

Analysts are expecting one of the most heavily trafficked Fridays after
Thanksgiving in years, and to attract those customers, retailers are expected to
offer a rash of sales and door-buster specials that may eat into their profits.

But the turnout may be a little lower, given predictions of snowstorms moving
from the West to the Midwest and New England, and rainstorms in the New York
area.

The day after Thanksgiving is called Black Friday because it is the day that
retailers hope to turn from unprofitable (in the red, in accounting terms) to
profitable (in the black) for the year. Last year, consumers spent $18.6 billion
on Black Friday, according to MasterCard Advisors SpendingPulse.

Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters expect November sales for stores open at
least a year to increase 3.5 percent, a sharp uptick after last year, when sales
increased just 0.5 percent.

Hoping that consumers might finally be returning, retailers are trying just
about anything to capture their cash. Many stores began running special offers
in October this year. Online sites for Staples, Macy's and Kohl's offered
Thanksgiving Day specials. Sears, Kmart and many Gap and Old Navy stores were
open on Thanksgiving Day, with Toys ''R'' Us opening its doors at 10 p.m. on the
holiday, and most Wal-Marts opening at midnight.

''You've seen retailers getting much deeper in their discounts, but also much
earlier and more aggressive -- they're doing anything they can to get the
consumer to spend money,'' said David Bassuk, managing director of retail at the
consulting firm AlixPartners.

''This holiday is going to be a big view into who's winning and who's losing,''
he said. ''The first data that's going to be available is sales, and people are
going to want to show sales. There's a lot of ways to finagle the profit story
later.''

Here are five other trends that should define this shopping season:

CROWDS, AT LAST Mall traffic this year is up more than 12 percent over last
year, according to Remote Sensing Metrics, which uses satellite images to track
how full mall parking lots are. And traffic has been increasing through
November.

Several malls owned by the developer Taubman reported that traffic was up the
weekend before Thanksgiving.

It was ''clearly better than last year,'' said Nick LeMasters, general manager
of the Cherry Creek Shopping Center in Denver. That was echoed by malls
nationwide, including ones in Auburn Hills, Mich.; Clinton Township, Mich.;
Short Hills, N.J.; Plano, Tex.; and Norfolk, Va.

''Several merchants reported better-than-expected, and better-than-last-year,
numbers,'' said Karen Winters, marketing director for the MacArthur Center in
Norfolk.

Bill Vetter, the general manager of Lawrence, part of the Tensator Group, which
helps stores like Wal-Mart and Target with crowd control, said clients were
expecting the highest traffic since 2006.

Retailers are still quite cautious about security, he said, since a Wal-Mart
employee was trampled to death when doors opened on Black Friday in 2008. One
way they are trying to calm crowds is with single-file lines at the register,
which Kohl's, Target and T. J. Maxx are testing in busy stores this year.

''You take the anxiety out of the guest experience,'' Mr. Vetter said.

SALES, SALES EVERYWHERE Especially in categories that have been sluggish this
year, like electronics and adult apparel, analysts are expecting heavy
promotions across the board.

Last year on the Friday after Thanksgiving, Americans bought $1.3 billion worth
of electronics -- twice as much as the second most important day for electronics
last year, which was Saturday Dec. 19, according to SpendingPulse.

The electronics stores seem to have mastered the promotional push. At Best Buy
last year, for example, an average of 700 people lined up outside each store on
the Friday after Thanksgiving, the chain said. This year should be
extraordinarily competitive because Wal-Mart has promised to match any
competitor's door-buster price as long as consumers bring in the competitor's
ads.

In adult clothes, too, analysts are expecting heavy promotions. John D. Morris,
an analyst with BMO Capital Markets who tracks how deep retail discounts are,
estimated that this year was more promotion-heavy than last year, especially in
the adult stores.

Another reason so many adult clothes are marked down is that parents seem to be
spending on their children first, then buying for themselves. ''Women's apparel
numbers have really suffered at the expense of protecting spending on
children,'' said Michael McNamara, vice president of research and analysis for
SpendingPulse. Still, he said, women's apparel spending picked up in October and
early November.

Brad Wilson, who runs the site BlackFriday2010.com, said that deals over all
were better than last year. ''The big stores are being so aggressive on price,''
he said.

WELL, ALMOST EVERYWHERE The one place shoppers should not expect big discounts
is at luxury stores. High-end retail companies like Hermes, Saks Fifth Avenue,
Nordstrom and Tiffany have been reporting spikes in revenue recently.

''There's a lot of pent-up demand in that consumer base, and they're out
spending,'' Mr. Bassuk said.

In the third quarter, consumer spending on luxury apparel and accessories rose 5
percent from the same period a year earlier, according to American Express
Business Insights, which analyzes cardholders' transaction data. Spending at
luxury department stores increased 10 percent.

''They're spending more now than they were in 2007, before the recession,'' said
Ed Jay, senior vice president of the research unit.

At Cherry Creek Shopping Center, Mr. LeMasters noted that while most retailers
were running sales, ''upper-moderate to luxury merchants have not shown a
propensity for promoting aggressively.''

The International Council of Shopping Centers expects November and December
sales at luxury stores to be up 6 to 8 percent at stores open at least a year,
versus 3 to 3.5 percent for chain stores as a whole.

A CASH CHRISTMAS About 90 percent of Americans plan to use cash for their
holiday gifts this year, according to a survey from the United Services
Automobile Association, which provides insurance to military members and their
families. Only 8 percent said they would charge more to their credit cards,
while 35 percent said they would use more cash this year than last. The top
reasons for using cash were avoiding debt and staying within a budget.

''Cash allows them to set a limit based on how much cash they actually bring
with them,'' Seok Chung, marketing and sponsorship director at the Mall at
Partridge Creek in suburban Detroit, said in an e-mail. She said stores at her
mall reported an increase in the number of people paying with cash.

THANKS FOR THE ...SWEATER Mr. Morris predicts that one of the top holiday gifts
this year will be the humble sweater.

''It's driven by a return towards traditional gifting,'' Mr. Morris said. And
with new-again styles like argyle, Fair Isle and ruffled ''waterfall'' sweaters,
people have a lot to pick from. ''They want to go back to giving real gifts
again,'' he said.

But there is some hope for sweater-haters who are expecting gifts from men this
year. According to a Consumer Reports poll, by November, a majority of men -- 71
percent -- had not yet started holiday shopping.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                               September 18, 2016

'One of These Things First' is insightful memoir

LENGTH: 416  words


In 1962, when he turned 15, Steven Gaines slashed his wrists on a glass window
in the back of his grandparents' undergarments store in Brooklyn's Borough Park
neighborhood. The act seemed to be the only way the friendless, depressed teen
felt he could deal with the turmoil of realizing he was gay. His subsequent stay
in a mental hospital became the place where he finally felt at home, as
author/journalist Gaines shows in his touchingly funny and

ADVERTISEMENT

poignantly sad memoir, "One of These Things First."

The dysfunctional atmosphere in which Gaines was raised has myriad eccentrics
who would have been right at home as characters in any coming-of-age novel. When
he was 12, his rage-filled father, wanting to deny his Jewish background,
changed the family's last name from Goldberg to Gaines. His loving mother is
overwhelmed dealing with her son and her moody husband. Gaines' closest
relationship is with his maternal grandfather, a serial adulterer.

Gaines spends most days at his grandfather's store, a kind of gathering spot for
neighborhood women. Hiding in corrugated boxes in the store, Gaines listens to
the gossip of the three saleswomen whose attitude toward the teen is that he
will "come to no good."

Feeling unloved, mocked daily by the owners of the corner diner and "tyrannized"
by his own compulsive proclivities, Gaines slits his wrists. When a stay at a
mental hospital is suggested, Gaines finagles his way to the exclusive Payne
Whitney. There, he strikes a friendship of sorts with a fellow patient, the
cantankerous Broadway producer Richard Halliday, eventually meeting his wife,
actress Mary Martin. It's a slice of heaven for Gaines who references each part
of his life with a movie allusion. At Payne Whitney, Gaines is introduced to the
joys of reading, especially "To Kill a Mockingbird," develops a fashion sense
and the seeds of becoming a writer are planted. For the first time, he actually
feels happy, despite regular sessions with a psychologist who wants to cure him
of "the trauma of homosexuality." It's an emotionally wrenching moment when
Halliday ultimately abandons their friendship.

"One of These Things First" insightfully shows how a person is shaped by
relationships and experiences, as Gaines beings to understand. Gaines skillfully
explores his maturation, wrapping up by showing the fate of many the people who
played such an important part in his life.

2013 Standard Publications Ltd.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/542/1594/60/147420461927.jpeg



LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2016 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate.info,an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 25, 1999, Sunday

City hopes to limit New Tampa bowhunting

BYLINE: ANGELA MOORE

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; NEW TAMPA; NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: NEW TAMPA



In the 1940s, "New Tampa" didn't exist. Most of the people who live there now
either hadn't been born or lived outside Florida.

Hunters and fishers did live here, however, and have always been important in
Florida. When Floridians in the '40s voted to create the Florida Game and Fresh
Water Fish Commission, they voted to make it a constitutional agency, protected
from the whims of politicians.

"Fish and wildlife, when they become political footballs, can really suffer,"
said Gary Morse, a spokesman for the commission.

That's why Tampa City Council member Shawn Harrison's effort to regulate hunting
in New Tampa has hit a brick wall. Legally, the council has no authority to stop
people from bowhunting for hogs and turkeys within sight of the comfortable
homes, manicured lawns and paved driveways of today's New Tampa.

Harrison, who lives in Tampa Palms, told members of the New Tampa Community
Council Thursday night that they would have to come up with other ways of
keeping hunters away from homes. Harrison spoke at the NTCC meeting on a variety
of topics ranging from transportation to playing fields.

"We had wanted either to enact an outright ban on hunting or limit it somehow
within the city limits," Harrison said. "It turns out the city does not have the
authority to do that . . . but we're trying to finagle something."

If the hunters who frequent a swath of undeveloped private property in Tampa
Palms Area 2 used guns to hunt their prey, they could be stopped. Discharging a
firearm is illegal within the city limits. But the hunters generally use bow and
arrows, a completely legal method of hunting within the city. And because the
Game and Fresh Water Fish Commission outranks the city, as long as the
commission says it's okay, it's okay.

"Whether it's a problem or not depends on how you perceive it," Morse said.
"Bowhunting is generally not a public safety issue."

Residents in Tampa Palms had expressed concern that a stray arrow from a hunter
might hit a child. Morse said that the hunters are far enough away from homes to
make the stray arrow scenario impossible. In fact, he said the biggest threat to
homes near the conservation area is not hunters but their prey.

"A lot of people don't understand that hogs can be destructive to yards and
personal property," Morse said. "Also, they spread disease. Hunters provide a
service."

Harrison said he understands that, and no longer favors an outright ban on
hunting within the city limits.

"What we want are some reasonable restrictions that will keep them away from
homes and stop them from hunting after dark," Harrison said.

To get such restrictions, the city has two options. It can ask the attorney
general if the city can outlaw shooting a bow in the city or it can ask the Game
and Fresh Water Fish Commission to make special regulations for Tampa. Harrison
said the city hopes to make that request within two months in order to get the
issue on the commission's January agenda.

Morse said the commission typically grants special regulations only when public
safety is at risk, and he's not sure bowhunting qualifies. "What you have here
is people encroaching on wildlife habitats," Morse said. "The hogs and the
hunters were there a long time before the houses were."


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH OF TAMPA

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; City Council member Shawn Harrison

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 7, 2013 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Advice graduates can use

BYLINE: Meredith C. Carroll

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 648 words


When renowned choreographer Paul Taylor and Johnetta B. Cole, then president of
Spelman College, spoke at my graduation ceremony at Skidmore College in New York
in 1995, I'm sure I was moved. I'm sure they spoke about dreaming big, doing
well by others, and never giving up hope. I'm sure of it ... even if I can't
remember a word.

Steve Jobs didn't speak at my graduation. Neither did Neil Gaiman nor Ellen
DeGeneres but I recall their commencement addresses nonetheless. In 2005, Jobs
advised Stanford graduates to stay hungry and foolish. Gaiman told
Philadelphia's University of the Arts in 2005 to break rules and make amazing,
glorious and fantastic mistakes in an effort to leave the world "more
interesting." At Tulane University in 2009, DeGeneres recommended students
"follow your passion, stay true to yourself, never follow someone else's path."

Which is all well and good, inspiring and memorable, but much like the speeches
doled out when I donned a cap and gown, mostly impractical for the average
graduate. So here are four pieces of advice I wish I'd been given when leaving
college:

1. It's not how you get there, but what you do once you arrive.

There's no shame in using a connection to get where you want to go. Whether it's
a distant cousin of a friend of the family or your next door neighbor's doctor's
former camp counselor by all means, get the job you want however you can
ethically finagle it. People might raise an eyebrow initially, but as long as
you check your entitlement at the door and earnestly earn your paycheck,
eventually no one will remember or care that strings were pulled to get you
there.

2. You're not so special you can't make a Xerox copy.

Your parents and great aunt Evelyn didn't lie: You are totally awesome. Just
remember this: so is everyone else. However, what will set you apart from every
other totally awesome young adult is not evident on the identical degrees you'll
all be handed when you walk across the stage but instead how widely and
genuinely you smile when someone at work asks you to do something that isn't
included in your job description.

If you're going to quibble over something that you think is beneath you, you're
likely to stay beneath others for a long time to come.

Some of the most important and powerful people are the ones who exude the least
amount of ego. Don't sweat the small stuff instead, cheerfully volunteer to do
it and watch how quickly you make an impression on others in a position of
power.

3. You're no Steve Jobs, Neil Gaiman or Ellen DeGeneres.

Don't feel bad; neither is pretty much everyone else. For every Steve Jobs who
dropped out of college to tinker around in his parent's garage with a brilliant
idea, there are many others who did the same and severely regretted their
decision. After all, staying hungry gets old a few hours after your last meal,
no matter how badly you want your book published/idea patented/stock to rise. By
all means, aim to make a difference and follow your dreams, but exercise caution
and always have a back up plan. And don't be foolish enough to purposefully make
mistakes. You'll make them anyway without trying. Trust me.

4. "Hope" and "inspiration" are hardly wise strategies.

Luck, fortune and wishing on the evening star will play a very small role in
determining the amount of professional victories you will enjoy. Continue to
seek inspiration while you're also very busy working very hard. Leave the
thoughts of overnight glory to members of the good genes club, that one in a
gazillion Powerball winner, and Tumblr's David Karp.

The rest of us have to work our butts off for what we get, but keep in mind that
if you do it diligently and well, you'll probably enjoy the journey or at least
some of the spoils along the way.

Meredith C. Carroll of Aspen writes regularly for The Denver Post. Contact her
at meredithccarroll@ hotmail.com or on Twitter @mccarroll.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

For TCU, It Was Academic;
Horned Frogs Scrutinized for Turning Down Bowl Bid

BYLINE: Liz Clarke, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; D10

LENGTH: 437 words


Texas Christian Athletic Director Eric Hyman says he wasn't trying to
grandstand. And he wasn't shying from a date with 14th-ranked Miami of Ohio any
more than he was trying to finagle a berth for his Horned Frogs in the inaugural
Fort Worth Bowl.

But in declining TCU's invitation to the GMAC Bowl in Mobile, Ala., Hyman
triggered a controversy that offers a window on the difficulty of balancing the
competing interests of academics and entertainment in college sports.

The majority of e-mails to the athletic department have supported TCU's refusal
to play a bowl game during final exams. But many have questioned the Frogs'
stated motives for passing on the Dec. 18 GMAC Bowl in favor of the Fort Worth
Bowl, which will be played Dec. 23, accusing them of avoiding a fight.

"The decision was made based on what is in the best interests of our
student-athletes," Hyman said yesterday. "A compromise was tried. And we tried
to tell them weeks in advance that there could be a conflict."

TCU's provost and vice chancellor for academic affairs, William Koehler, was
first to recognize the potential of a scheduling conflict with the GMAC Bowl,
according to Hyman. Koehler raised the issue in mid- to late-October, well
before TCU played Southern Miss (the loss that knocked them from Bowl
Championship Series contention).

Koehler told Hyman the Frogs couldn't play a bowl game during exams (Dec.
15-19), so Hyman informed Conference USA Commissioner Britton Banowsky of the
conflict that would result if the Frogs finished second in the league and earned
the customary berth for the GMAC Bowl.

TCU officials attempted to broker a compromise during a conference call with
bowl and conference officials Friday. GMAC officials wanted the Horned Frogs'
traveling party, which numbered nearly 500 including the band and cheerleaders,
to arrive in Mobile Dec. 14, five days before the bowl.

With Koehler's backing, Hyman proposed that the Frogs arrive Dec. 17, the day
before the bowl, and play without practicing to limit the intrusion on the exam
schedule. Bowl officials suggested TCU leave its band and cheerleaders home but
still bring the team Dec. 14.

Despite the impasse, GMAC officials attended TCU's season finale against SMU and
extended the invitation after the Frogs' 20-13 victory.

TCU declined the following day.

"The bottom line is, there is life after sports," Hyman said. "Very few make it
in professional sports. In reality, they have a better chance of being hit by
lightning than being a professional football player. You try to tell these young
people that, and that's why we emphasize academics."

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

LENGTH: 222 words


SALT LAKE CITY - A massive weekend landslide in southern Utah has closed a state
highway used by residents and tourists to get to grazing land for cattle and
Bryce Canyon National Park.

About 1.5 million cubic yards of dirt, rock and debris slid down a steep ravine,
destroying nearly a quarter-mile of state Route 14, said Kevin Kitchen, a
spokesman for the Utah Department of Transportation.

The landslide was eight miles east of Cedar City. It was 1,700 feet in length
and left behind debris about a hundred feet deep, he said.

Kitchen said although the road is used mostly by residents, it is also used by
truckers traveling through central Utah and tourists because "it is the most
direct route from Cedar City" to US-89. That highway leads to such destinations
as Utah's Bryce Canyon National Park.

About 12 miles of the highway will be closed, Kitchen said.

The road also is the preferred route for ranchers hauling cattle down from
summer grazing lands.

"It's not going to be easy," rancher Jim Hunt told The Spectrum of St. George.
"We got to get the cattle off the mountain soon, and this landslide is dumped on
our lap. We just have to finagle away around the back roads."

The cost of repairs was not immediately known, but Kitchen said a similar slide
in the area during the 1990s cost nearly $4 million to repair, Kitchen said.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Political-fund finagling fools no one

BYLINE: Bill Nemitz staff columnist

SECTION: MAINE & NEW ENGLAND; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 539 words


At last. Almost a week after he stepped out from under the fundraising scandal
hovering over Maine's Democratic Party, ex-Chairman Pat Colwell emerged from
hiding Friday to admit what has become painfully obvious to all.

"In my efforts to support the issues I believe in, I made a mistake in
judgment," Colwell said in his first public statement since resigning last
weekend.

No debate there, Mr. Chairman. Now all we need to know is whether you broke the
law.

This much we know about the political donations debacle that began in Rhode
Island and spread to Hawaii, Massachusetts and, of all places, politically
pristine Maine.

On Dec. 31, Colwell sent $10,000 on behalf of the Maine Democratic Party to the
U.S. Senate campaign of Matt Brown, the Rhode Island secretary of state vying to
unseat GOP incumbent Sen. Lincoln Chafee. Colwell made the donation at the
behest of Rich Pelletier, the former executive director of the Maine Democratic
Party who now serves as Brown's field director.

A few weeks later, at the behest of candidate Brown, two supporters who already
had given $4,200 (the legal maximum) to his campaign sent separate $6,000 checks
to the Maine Democratic Party. One was Rhode Island businessman Richard Bready;
the other a loyal Massachusetts Democrat named Jeanne Lavine.

Get the picture?

Pelletier finagles $10,000 for his Rhode Island guy from state party coffers in
out-of-the-way Maine (along with Hawaii and Massachusetts, where similar deals
were struck). In exchange, Maine gets $12,000 from two of Brown's most ardent
supporters - recouping its $10,000 along with a 20 percent bonus for its
trouble.

Illegal? That's for the Federal Election Commission to decide now that the
Republican Party of Hawaii has filed a complaint against its Democratic
counterparts. The FEC will examine whether the money shuffle was an attempt to
sidestep donor restrictions by "earmarking" contributions for a specific
candidate through an out-of-state party organization. (Republicans, see "State
of Texas vs. Tom Delay.")

Brown's campaign insists not-so-convincingly that the two-way donations, all of
which since have been returned, broke no laws. Apparently because the Maine
money went to Brown before the Brown supporters sent their checks to Maine,
we're supposed to believe no earmarking took place.

Colwell, meanwhile, noted that while the deal was "completely legal," it looked
bad enough for the Maine Democratic Party to quickly pass a series of
fundraising reforms last week - starting with the one requiring two signatures
on checks exceeding $2,500.

Oh yes, and it prompted Colwell to resign nine months before his two-year term
expires so he won't be a distraction in an election year. (Too late. The
Republican attacks have already begun.)

"My actions over the last few weeks should make it clear that I wish I hadn't
gotten involved in Rhode Island politics," Colwell said in his statement. "I am
hopeful that something positive comes out of this, like increased transparency
in both parties."

Increased transparency? Actually, Mr. Chairman, your multi-state check swap was
as transparent as they come.

All of Maine can see right through it.


Columnist Bill Nemitz can be contacted at 791-6323 or at:

bnemitz@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 17, 1999, Friday

A 'Savagely' funny play

BYLINE: JORGE SANCHEZ

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; STEPPIN' OUT IN CITRUS COUNTY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 224 words



Playhouse 19 opens its season with "The Curious Savage,' a popular comedy about
a group of peculiar mental patients.

One of the most popular community theater and high school comedies, The Curious
Savage, makes its debut tonight as the season opener at Playhouse 19.

The play begins in what appears to be a typical 1950s-era living room, occupied
by a group of normal-looking adults. The audience soon learns, however, that
these oddball, yet sympathetic, characters are the slightly peculiar patients of
a mental ward called The Cloisters.

Each character develops along the lines of his or her mental "tics', or
eccentricities. There is a wide range of strange behavior. The situation is
comedic because each patient knows the others' deficiencies, but not his or her
own.

The only character who doesn't seem to fit in with the others is Mrs. Savage
(Lois Fallstich). She's been institutionalized by her greedy adult stepchildren,
who are out to finagle her out of a $ 10-million inheritance.

The supporting cast includes Celeste Harbison as Fairy May; Michael Smith as
Samuel; Melanie Days as Lily Belle; Ben Bennett as Jeffrey; Cheryl Turman as
Mrs. Paddy; Pegi Zelneronok as Miss Wilhelmina; Patti Cyr as Florence; Paul
Ivill as Dr. Emmett; Jonathan Heinz as Titus and Frank Hanshaw as Hannibal. Judy
Poplawski directs.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, STEVE HASEL; In The Curious Savage, Mrs. Savage (Lois
Fallstich) listens to Dr. Emmett (Paul Ivill) as he moves her teddy bear to sit
next to her.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

'One of These Things First' is an insightful memoir

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT LIFE; 13

LENGTH: 410 words


"One of These Things First: A Memoir" (Delphinium), by Steven Gaines

In 1962, when he turned 15, Steven Gaines slashed his wrists on a glass window
in the back of his grandparents' undergarments store in Brooklyn's Borough Park
neighborhood. The act seemed to be the only way the friendless, depressed teen
felt he could deal with the turmoil of realizing he was gay. His subsequent stay
in a mental hospital became the place where he finally felt at home, as
author/journalist Gaines shows in his touchingly funny and poignantly sad
memoir, "One of These Things First."

The dysfunctional atmosphere in which Gaines was raised has myriad eccentrics
who would have been right at home as characters in any coming-of-age novel. When
he was 12, his rage-filled father, wanting to deny his Jewish background,
changed the family's last name from Goldberg to Gaines. His loving mother is
overwhelmed dealing with her son and her moody husband. Gaines' closest
relationship is with his maternal grandfather, a serial adulterer.

Gaines spends most days at his grandfather's store, a kind of gathering spot for
neighborhood women. Hiding in corrugated boxes in the store, Gaines listens to
the gossip of the three saleswomen whose attitude toward the teen is that he
will "come to no good."

Feeling unloved, mocked daily by the owners of the corner diner and "tyrannized"
by his own compulsive proclivities, Gaines slits his wrists. When a stay at a
mental hospital is suggested, Gaines finagles his way to the exclusive Payne
Whitney. There, he strikes a friendship of sorts with a fellow patient, the
cantankerous Broadway producer Richard Halliday, eventually meeting his wife,
actress Mary Martin. It's a slice of heaven for Gaines who references each part
of his life with a movie allusion. At Payne Whitney, Gaines is introduced to the
joys of reading, especially "To Kill a Mockingbird," develops a fashion sense
and the seeds of becoming a writer are planted. For the first time, he actually
feels happy, despite regular sessions with a psychologist who wants to cure him
of "the trauma of homosexuality." It's an emotionally wrenching moment when
Halliday ultimately abandons their friendship.

"One of These Things First" insightfully shows how a person is shaped by
relationships and experiences, as Gaines beings to understand. Gaines skillfully
explores his maturation, wrapping up by showing the fate of many the people who
played such an important part in his life.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 17, 2012 Sunday

Hauschild a proud dad this Father's Day;
COMMENTARY

BYLINE: By Larry Hansgen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 311 words


In his 30-plus years in sports information at the University of Dayton, Doug
Hauschild has done a tremendous job of getting the word out on the
accomplishments of some of the top Flyer student-athletes, with one exception,
his son.

This past week, Mike Hauschild was selected by the Houston Astros in the 33rd
round of the Major League Baseball draft. He was the 15th Flyer in program
history and the only player from this year's Atlantic 10 title team to be
selected.

His 23 career wins rank third in UD history and his 269 strikeouts second. He
also recorded the second-most single-season strikeouts in school history this
year with 92. Mike quietly went about his business in four years at UD, without
much scrutiny by local media or fans, but attracting the attention of the people
who matter most, scouts.

With tongue in cheek, I blame Doug Hauschild for Mike's anonymity, because
instead of acting like a sports information director, when it came to Mike, Doug
was doing what he should be doing: acting like a father.

Doug and mom, Patty, were regular fixtures at games, even if it meant Doug had
to finagle his travel schedule during overlap time with UD basketball. He was
not sitting in the stands ringing a cowbell, but offering the kind of low-key,
unconditional support he had provided Mike since his days of coaching him in
T-ball.

On Mother's Day a few years ago, I ran into Dayton Dragons player Brandon Waring
having lunch with his family. I introduced myself. I told his mom that her
Mother's Day present was having her son recognized as a "famous baseball
player."

Today, on Father's Day, my present to Doug Hauschild is recognizing his son as a
professional baseball player, although not so famous yet. Congratulations, Mike.
Congratulations, Doug.

Larry Hansgen is the radio voice of the Flyers. Contact him at (937) 259-2071 or
Larry.Hansgen@CMG Ohio.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Wildcat works double-time

BYLINE: Larry Lopez, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 565 words


April 07--Peyton Roth makes every minute of every day count. He has to.

For the Central High School sophomore, managing his time is of utmost
importance. How else could he play three sports in the fall and two more come
springtime?

This week is a prime example. Roth swam three events Tuesday in the Wildcats'
dual meet against Pueblo County, winning the 200 individual medley and 100
butterfly and swimming a leg on the medley relay.

He'll trade his goggles for a pair of running shoes this weekend when he
competes in the 11th annual John Tate Challenge Cup, a two-day track meet that
will draw 31 teams from across the state to Dutch Clark Stadium.

Roth will split his days running the distance races. He'll run the Division 1
boys 3,200 meters on Friday, then return Saturday morning for the 1,600 race.

While that's a lot of competitive swimming and running in a week's time for any
youngster, it must seem like a piece of cake for Roth, who spent last fall
playing defense for the Wildcats boys soccer team, kicking extra points and
field goals for the football team and qualifying for the 4A state meet in
cross-country.

During the winter, he devotes his time solely to swimming with the Pueblo Swim
Team.

How does Roth manage to finagle his time between the different sports as well as
the classroom?

"It's really hard to manage my time," Roth said, noting that twice a week he
swims at 5:45 a.m. with Pueblo Swim Team, while coordinating his after-school
workouts with Central swim coach Ruth Davis and track coach Dean Gray.

He couldn't do what he does on the athletic fields

without his coaches' blessing, Roth said.

"So far, I haven't had any problems. I think they understand that I'm a
contributing member of every team," he said. "Once you do it, you don't worry
about how busy you are."

His forte is the distance races. "It takes a lot of mental toughness ... being
persistent," he said.

Roth ranks among the South-Central League leaders in both sports. In the pool he
ranks third in the 500 freestyle (6 minutes, 07.03 seconds) and fourth in the
200 freestyle (2:11.97). On the track he has the third best time for the 3,200
(11:15.83) and ranks fourth in the 1,600 (4:54.98).

"The 3,200 (meter run) and 500 (freestyle), you have to know your pace and stick
with it throughout," he said.

"Comparatively, the 500 (swimming) is a lot harder than (running) two miles. The
3,200 you breathe the entire time. The 500 your head is under water half the
time. It's hard on your body.

"The 200 (freestyle swim) is like the mile, a quick pace. You don't hold back."

While his bloodline is in the pool -- his dad David, an aunt and cousins all are
on the Central pool wall showcasing record-holders -- Roth said his favorite
sport is track.

"I like the atmosphere, especially at Dutch Clark running in front of the entire
stadium that last stretch of the mile with everyone cheering," he said.

Roth considers if he'll continue to be a multisport athlete in the same season
all four years in high school.

"Right now I can't imagine myself not kicking the football as well as playing
soccer and running cross-country in the fall, and swim and run track in the
spring," he said.

"If I can, it's something I'd like to do all four years."

llopez@chieftain.com

___ (c)2016 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160407-PB-Wildcat-works-double-time-0407-20160407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2016 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday

BRINGING DOWN THE 'HOUSE' Will Francis pay for his crime on Season 2 of D.C.
political thriller?

BYLINE: and ROBERT RORKE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1148 words


There is a special place in hell reserved for Francis Underwood. It's called
Washington, DC.

The diabolical politician of Netflix's "house of Cards" is surely one of the
most evil characters ever seen on the small screen (and that means your computer
or iPad, too), the descendant of Shakespeare's richard III and Livia of "I,
Claudius." You should hate him, but Underwood is played with such malicious glee
by Kevin Spacey that you end up glued to your screen as he plays both sides
against the middle, manipulating and wheedling and literally getting away with
murder- so far - in the corridors of power in Washington, DC.

Adapted by playwright and screenwriter Beau Willimon ("Farragut North"; "The
Ides of March") from a popular 1990s British miniseries that delineated
corruption in the Houses of Parliament, the series tells the story of Underwood,
a South Carolina congressman and House Majority Whip who exacts a vicious
revenge for not being named Secretary of State. He finagles his way to the Vice
Presidency, killing one unsuspecting and drug-addled Pennsylvania congressman
(Corey Stoll) along the way.

After taking the oath of office, Underwood says, in one his characteristic
asides to the camera, "One heartbeat away from the presidency and not a single
vote cast in my name. Democracy is so overrated." Willimon is quick to defend
the monster he created: "Francis doesn't see himself as evil. He is
unapologetically self-interested," he says. "He sees morality as cowardice
because it prevents you from making bold choices. To Francis, the things that he
does are necessary." He works closely with Spacey

who has been running London's Old Vic in recent years, on Underwood's
development.

"We have long conversations about each script. We play with changing things
around," he says.

"He's an incredibly intelligent dramaturge as well so it would be

madness not to take advantage of that." Willimon tells The Post that in Season
1, the ill-fated Peter Russo was never intended to run for governor of
Pennsylvania. "Corey [Stoll] was doing such an amazing job, I saw the potential
to shift that story line into Kevin's arc. It greatly deepened the journey. In
the midst of production, we made that shift. When a better idea comes along you
have to be willing to seize it." Sakina Jaffrey, who plays White House Chief of
Staff Linda Vasquez, says intense preparation is necessary when delivering the
show's intricate political content. "You can't showup not understanding this
stuff. You have to fully know it," she says.When matters, such as the education
bill discussed in Season 1, seem too complicated, Jaffrey turns to her husband,
journalist Francis Wilkinson, for a tutorial. "I needed him to explain it to me
so I could do my scene with Kevin." The first season of "House of Cards" put
Netflix on the map with breathtaking urgency. It was revolutionary, breaking
television's basic rule- that you could only watch a series on a weekly basis.
With "House of Cards," viewers could stream the entire series-some 13
episodes-at once.

It was custom-made television; premium and basic cable suddenly looked quaint.

Network TV looked positively Jurassic.

Actress Molly Parker, who joins the show in Season 2, says she watched Season 1
in three gulps. She plays Jackie Sharp, the new House Majority Whip, a
third-term Congresswoman from California.

"Francis Underwood describes her as a ruthless pragmatist, which he values.
Clearly, because he championed her, there is an idea that she would be faithful
to him, but that gets called to into question," Parker says. "She's incredibly
ambitious, but quite principled. She is a veteran of the Iraq War and believes
deeply in the values that she learned being in service. I think she's down with
Francis unless those values are challenged.

She's not afraid of him." Parker first caught Willimon's eye when she played
Alma Garret on HBO's "Deadwood," one of his favorite shows. "Her work is
heartbreaking and brutally honest.

Like Robin Wright, she has the ability to tap into so many layers
simultaneously," he says.

Speaking of Wright, the recent Golden Globe winner plays Claire Underwood,
Francis' quietly sinister wife. If Spacey's playing a small-screen Richard III,
the coolly blond Wright is Lady Macbeth. Willimon says of all the creepy
characters on his show, this couple haunts him the most.

"That marriage is an enigma.

Two people willing to go to great extremes for their mutual advantage," he says.

Wright tried her hand at directing an episode this season, Willimon says. "She's
a natural. She's fantastic." The success of "House of Cards" has made
Netflix-and Willimon-wary of discussing upcoming plot points-except that the
show has a 26-episode order-but the Season 2 trailer reveals that Underwood's
crime is an important narrative arc, as his ex-mistress, political journalist
Zoe Barnes (Kate Mara), begins to connect the dots and Underwood pressures her
to destroy the phone record of their relationship. There is a funeral and a
knock on the door from the FBI for another reporter who may have knowledge of
Underwood's chicanery.

Will Francis Underwood literally get away with murder? Willimon says it's not
his job to decide who is good and who is evil but to make his Beltway
backstabbers worth watching. "What matters to me is: Do you find yourself
needing to know what they do next. Richard III is a cold-blooded murderer but
you find yourself rooting for him at times."

HOUSE OF CARDS

Release date: Friday on Netflix

DEADLY DELIVERY

FRANK UNDERWOOD'S BEST LINES

Francis Underwood, the master puppeteer of netflix's"House of cards," is nearly
as quotable as the Dowager countess of"Downton abbey."

Of course, his remarks,delivered to the camera,cut a lot closer to the bone than
hers do,but he's a politician,not an aristocrat.His impulse is always to go for
the jugular.We've compiled some of Francis' best lines from season 1 and a few
from the season 2 trailers that have been released.

i love that woman.i love her more than sharks love blood.

He doesn't measure his wealth in private jets,but purchased souls.

Time would have killed russo if i hadn't. Just as it will kill me some day.

He chose money over power.

in this town,a mistake nearly everyone makes.Money is the McMansion in sarasota
that starts falling a part after 10 years.

Power is the old stone building that stands for centuries. i cannot respect
someone who doesn't see the difference.

[The chief of staff] thinks i can be bought with a pair of tickets.What am i,a
whore in postwar Berlin, salivating over stockings and free chocolates?

a great man once said, everything is about sex.Except sex.sex is about power.

Freddie believes if a fridge falls off a minivan,you should swerve out of its
way.i believe it's the fridge's job to swerve out of mine.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: : Doug Stamper (Michael Kelly) executes all of Francis Underwood's
orders. Robin Wright just won a Golden Globe award for her role as Claire
Underwood. President Garrett Walker (Michael Gill) and Vice President Francis
Underwood (Kevin Spacey).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MAY 10, 2005 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Verdict was 'mixed' - but right on the money

BYLINE: Tom Ferrick Jr.

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 666 words


I hustled to Sixth and Market Streets yesterday to hear the verdict in the City
Hall Bug trial in federal court. But you know how it is: You can never find a
cab when you need one.

By the time I got there, Courtroom 3A was filled to capacity. Not even standing
room was available.

So I hung out in the hallway until the doors flung open and people began
streaming from the room - mostly reporters, most of them unholstering cell
phones to call their desks.

"A mixed verdict," was all I heard.

But the who, what, when, where and why were still a mystery - until I walked
into the half-empty courtroom.

There, arrayed around a long table, were the defendants. One look at their faces
told me all I needed to know.

Glum, grim, pained, downcast and upset are words that come to mind.

The verdict may have been mixed in the literal sense, but the bottom line was
that each of the defendants was found guilty of major charges. Most of them will
do prison time.

That goes triple for Corey Kemp, the former city treasurer. The guiltiest of the
guilty.

The jury checkmarked Guilty next to Kemp's name on 27 charges, most of them
under the heading of honest services fraud.

To translate, the jury found that Kemp entered into schemes with Ron White to
finagle bond and other city business for favored firms.

He got money and other gifts for doing this dirty work.

In short, he corrupted his office.

When I saw him yesterday, Kemp was perched on the defense table, a cell phone at
one ear, calling someone - presumably to break the bad news.

Hey, Corey, what are you up to?

Oh, I'm up to about 20 counts so far.

Kemp is 35. The way I figure it, by the time he gets out of prison, he may be
close to the age where he can collect Social Security.

If we still have Social Security then.

The big surprise was that the two bankers, Glenn K. Holck and Stephen M. Umbrell
of Commerce Bank, were found guilty of two charges each.

Betting was that these two - among all the defendants - were the ones who might
walk.

If they had, it would have been a shame. The bankers established a relationship
with Kemp that got them insider information that gave Commerce an edge in
getting city business.

Their attorneys argued that what they did was common business practice. Nothing
out of the usual. The jury saw it for what it was.

Ditto for Janice Knight, White's former mistress. There wasn't much doubt that
she had lied to the FBI when agents came to ask her about her business with Ron
White, but did she engage in a conspiracy with White to defraud the government
on bond-printing contracts her firm got?

I thought the conspiracy charge was a stretch. So did some jurors. They found
her guilty of lying but couldn't decide about the conspiracy.

Let me say a word about these jurors. They deliberated for 19 days and, for a
while, it looked to us outsiders as if they were deadlocked and in disarray.

After looking through the charge sheets, though, I can offer a different theory.
This jury did its job. It deliberated methodically and well.

The government offered 400 wiretaps and 70 witnesses. Yet it's obvious the jury
sifted through it all.

No wonder it took them so long. It was like climbing a Mount Everest of
evidence.

Next in the chute:

The judge must decide today whether to send the jurors back to deliberate on the
charges on which they failed to reach a verdict.

I hope they call it a day and send the jurors home with the thanks of a grateful
city. If they haven't reached a verdict yet on some counts, it's probably
because they can't.

Besides, this jury has made its point: Confronted with seamy examples of the
city's pay-to-play culture, it resisted the argument - made by the defense -
that it was business as usual.

The jurors saw it for what was: corruption, simple and plain. And they voted
against it.

Contact Tom Ferrick at 215-854-2714 or tferrick@phillynews.com. Read his recent
work at http://go.philly.com/ferrick.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: CITY HALL CORRUPTION TRIAL: VERDICTS

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Pasadena Star-News (Pasadena, CA)

                              May 8, 2003 Thursday

JPL engineer to perform own compositions with Caltech band

BYLINE: By Becky OskinStaff Writer

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: PASADENA


The music of the spheres has another meaning for Jet Propulsion Laboratory
engineer Les Deutsch.

A Caltech graduate who directs the lab's interplanetary communications network,
Deutsch is also a composer and musician who plays in six ensembles, including a
popular Dixieland jazz band.

The Caltech concert and jazz bands will feature four of Deutsch's songs during
the annual Bandorama concert Saturday at 8 p.m. in Beckman Auditorium.

At first glance, Deutsch fits the stereotype of brass-playing engineers his
first instrument was the trumpet. But Deutsch also learned to play the organ at
an early age, an interest he shared with his musician/inventor father.

During a 1997 conference honoring Galileo in Italy, Deutsch performed a concert
of 15th-century music the astronomer might have heard. The concert also included
the one-time Caltech song, the Throop Institute March.

"It's become my signature piece. I almost always play it at the end of my
concerts,' Deutsch said.

The concert and conference also led to a meeting between the Pope and Deutsch, a
self-described nice Jewish boy.

While traveling the world for JPL, Deutsch makes a point of seeking out fine
organs in foreign cities. Explaining he is the Caltech organist, a position held
since Deutsch's sophomore year at the school, is enough to finagle an impromptu
practice session.

His compositions are influenced by the contrapuntal [counterpoint] organ style,
but Deutsch's interests are broad and his composing style varies widely.

One piece the Caltech jazz band will perform Saturday, Prelude and Fugue, was
written while Deutsch was a Caltech student.

Deutsch, 48, was raised in Sherman Oaks and lives in Chatsworth. His father, an
inventor who created the first digital keyboards, taught Deutsch to play the
trumpet at age 7.

Opera was playing in the house all the time, Deutsch said his father has the
entire collection of Metropolitan Opera recordings, including the earliest ones
on paper tape. That, and Sousa marches.

During high school and college, Deutsch set out to learn a new instrument each
year, and he now plays all the brass and woodwind instruments except for the
oboe and bassoon.

His jazz speciality is piano, the role he plays in the Dixieland jazz band The
Night Blooming Jazzmen. [The leader is a clarinet-playing mathematician.]
Earlier bands include The New Bull Moose Party band and the Hot Frogs Jumping
Jazz bands.

"I have a tradition of bands with weird names,' he said

Deutsch's weekends are dedicated to jazz festivals, Monday evenings to the
Caltech jazz band, Wednesdays to the Verdugo community band and three rehearsals
on Thursday with other ensembles.

He tries to play a different instrument in each band, for variety and to
maintain his skills.

Saturday's Bandorama concert in Caltech's Beckman Auditorium is free and open to
the public. For more information, call the Caltech ticket office at [626]
395-4652.

-- Becky Oskin can be reached at [626] 578-6300, Ext. 4451, or by e-mail at
becky.oskin@sgvn.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             April 14, 2008 Monday

Washington People

BYLINE: Joe Adler, Cheyenne Hopkins, and Steven Sloan

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3 Vol. 173 No. 71

LENGTH: 575  words


A Win-Win?

In the never-ending battle between Charles Hurwitz and the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp., it is usually hard to discern the winner or loser.

Loren Steffy, a Houston Chronicle business columnist, deftly made this point
last week by noting that both sides claimed victory after an appeals court
ruling tied to Mr. Hurwitz's stake in a failed Texas thrift.

The case is one of the weirdest from the savings and loan crisis days. Mr.
Hurwitz has said for years that the FDIC's actions against him were tied not to
his thrift, but to an attempt by the government to finagle a large swath of
redwoods he used to own. In 2005 a judge agreed with him, but the appeals court
dramatically reduced the $72 million of damages the FDIC had to pay and sent the
case back to the lower court for a revised ruling.

Mr. Steffy mentioned that Mr. Hurwitz had called him "to make sure I knew it was
a victory," and that the court let "stand the stinging rebuke of the FDIC's
conduct" in pursuing the businessman.

But the columnist also wrote that the ruling benefited the FDIC.

"Certainly, the FDIC has reason to cheer. It's now on the hook for no more than
about $15 million," he wrote. "But this case isn't about the money and never
was. The banking regulator still faces the prospect of being one of the few
federal agencies ever ordered to pay a fine to a private citizen."

So did Mr. Hurwitz win?

"Like everything else in this case, the answer isn't straightforward," Mr.
Steffy wrote. "Both sides claim victory, and both sides will argue over who won
as they head back to court yet again to fight anew."

Staying Useful

The Office of Thrift Supervision may be an "obsolete" agency overseeing a
charter with little value anymore - at least in Treasury Secretary Henry
Paulson's eyes - but it has great media facilities.

That was the likely conclusion last week when the Treasury Department announced
it would hold a news conference at the OTS to discuss the Group of Seven finance
ministers' meetings this weekend. A Treasury spokeswoman said the OTS is the
usual spot for the conference, because the large media rooms at the Treasury
headquarters are occupied with the meetings.

But talk about bad timing. The briefing was held less than two weeks after Mr.
Paulson called for the elimination of the agency and said it should be merged
with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

The recommendation, including comments about the thrift charter's lack of
necessity, brought protests from the OTS. Director John Reich has criticized the
recommendation, which was made as part of the Treasury's regulatory revamp
blueprint, and he has defended the charter's value and his agency's existence.

Observers hoping for a grudge match between the two are likely to be
disappointed, however. The OTS said Mr. Reich was not expected to attend Mr.
Paulson's conference.

New to Board

Christopher Curtis is expected to join the Federal Housing Finance Board as its
general counsel today. Mr. Curtis has worked since 1995 at Capital One Financial
Corp., most recently as its associate general counsel. Earlier he had been the
senior counsel in the FDIC's legal division.

"I am confident Mr. Curtis has the right blend of experience, legal insight, and
leadership to assist the Finance Board in further enhancing its oversight of the
Federal Home Loan banks," Finance Board Chairman Ronald Rosenfeld said in a
press release.

http://www.americanbanker.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 21, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

In our few months at this gi ...

SECTION: Style; C12

LENGTH: 184 words


In  our few months at this gig, here's what we've learned about festivals: There
is a lot of marketing power in the word "wine."

Organizers dub their harvest festivals "Harvest and Wine" events, and  arts
fairs "Arts and Wine" fetes, and then they just sit back and wait for the crowds
to show up.

We think Virginia's Shenandoah Valley Hot Air Balloon and Wine Festival is one
of those; it clearly defies logic. But we think the three-day event, which began
yesterday, is a great getaway for the weekend and a chance to see the changing
colors on the Blue Ridge from the ground or from high in the sky. (That's if you
can pony up $175 per person  for a balloon ride. They're all booked, but we hear
that you might be able to finagle yourself a ride if there are cancellations.)

There are also family-oriented events, including hayrides and carnival rides,
puppeteers and more. $10; 3 and younger, free. 7 a.m.-4:30 p.m. today and
tomorrow. (If you're taking a family, get a coupon online at
www.historiclongbranch.com/balloonfest.) Long Branch House Museum, 300 Nelson
Rd., Boyce, east of Winchester.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 14, 2011 Monday

'Laws' show companies' flaws

BYLINE: ROBERT BYRNE for the TH

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 594 words


Four ideas in the business world sound like jokes at first glance, but in fact
help illuminate how companies big and small work. The insights came from people
who were not outsiders, exactly, but certainly not pillars of industry I have in
mind Murphy's Law, Parkinson's Law, the Peter Principle and Petrie's Law. Best
known is Murphy's Law, named after Ed Murphy (1918-1990), an aerospace engineer
who worked on safety systems in the 1950s. In its simplest form: "Anything that
can go wrong, will go wrong." Corollaries followed, like Finagle's Addition:
"... at the worst possible time," and "If several things can go wrong, the
costliest will go wrong first."

Offshoots of Murphy's Law have proliferated by the thousands. Examples: *
Everything takes longer than it takes. * Nature sides with the hidden flaw. *
Anything worth doing has been done. Corollary: Nothing is worth doing. * The
chance of the buttered side of the bread landing face down is proportional to
the cost of the carpet. *Mrs. Murphy's Law: It's Mr. Murphy's fault. * Muphry's
Law: Anything written to point out a grammatical or spelling error will contain
an error. Corollary: Errors in e-mails or letters are noticed only after they
have been sent. * Murphy's Golden Rule: He who has the gold makes the rules. Ed
Murphy, by the way, was irritated by the humorous offspring of his Law because
they deflected attention from the main point, which was that every precaution
must be taken to guard against "the cussedness of inanimate objects." Then there
is law discovered by C. Northcote Parkinson (1909-1993), a British naval
historian and author of 60 books. Parkinson's Law is in two parts: 1. Work
expands to fill the time available to do it, and 2. Expenditures rise to meet
income. He noted that in large organizations, the work force tends to grow even
if the work to be done declines. There is a tendency for creeping growth and
under-utilization of employees. Jerry Brown, the new governor of California,
came up with his own version of Parkinson's Law when he was governor the first
time: Work expands to fill the available briefcases. The Peter Principle was
devised by educator Lawrence J. Peter (1921-2009), who came up with the idea
that employees tend to rise to their level of incompetence. If you keep
promoting people, they will eventually land in jobs they can't handle. A major
corollary is that "In time, every post tends to be occupied by an incompetent."
How do companies function as well as they do, then? Because not every employee
has yet arrived at his or her level of incompetence. Further, discrimination
against women and minorities leaves them in jobs they do well. Pertrie's Law,
named after businessman Donald A. Petrie, is, "Fewer people paid more tends to
produce excellence at no extra cost except to those who lose their jobs." The
point is that when there are many layers of management, too many people do
nothing but read each other's memos and e-mails and give useless orders to
justify their salaries. Most workers are unhappy because they are underpaid.
Better is a team approach with fewer people with higher salaries. Efficiency
rises, for example, when executives type their own letters and do their own
filing. There will be fewer letters and they will be shorter. And leave us not
forget Cole's Law, which is shredded cabbage. During his 40 years in the San
Francisco Bay Area, Dubuquer Robert Byrne was a magazine editor and president of
trade journal publisher King Publications, now defunct through no fault of his.
His e-mail is bob@byrne.org

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            July 20, 2005 Wednesday
                            MARTIN-ST. LUCIE EDITION

FEDS PROBE 100 OJ SALMONELLA CASES

BYLINE: Palm Beach Post Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 268 words


Federal officials said Tuesday they are investigating 100 cases of salmonella in
16 states that are suspected of being associated with unpasteurized orange juice
produced by a Fort Pierce company.

None of the illnesses recorded between mid-May and mid-June occurred in Florida,
said Christine Pearson, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention.

Meanwhile, Orchid Island Juice Co., which first issued a voluntary recall of its
unpasteurized orange juice July 9, has expanded the list of brands involved.

"We are going back now working with the states to determine what all these
people had to eat and drink before they became ill," Pearson said.

Last week the U.S. Food and Drug Administration linked the juice to an outbreak
of 15 cases of illness caused by salmonella.

Orchid Island is voluntarily recalling all unpasteurized orange juice with
expiration dates of July 25, 2005, or earlier sold under the following labels:
Natalie's Orchid Island Juice Co., Ultimate Juice, Albritton Fruit, Finagle A
Bagel, Gourmet Garage, Kings Market, Nino Salvaggio, Schnucks, Wegmans,
Balducci's and Zabars.

The recall also covers unpasteurized frozen orange juice including: Just Pik't
and Natalie's Orchid Island Juice Co. brands with date codes April 25, 2007-July
8, 2007; Floridella with date codes of April 18, 2008-June 10, 2008; Herders and
St. Marcs brands with bottle codes S3.2007.04.27 through S2.2007.06.27; and
Sundecker brand with bottle codes OE55 S1125. Orchid Island CEO Marygrace Sexton
said last week the firm is now flash-pasteurizing its juice and getting it back
on the shelves.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 16, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

How's 'Ashes'? 'Tis brilliant! The sequel? 'Tisn't

BYLINE: Deirdre Donahue

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 507 words


'Tis: A Memoir

By Frank McCourt

Scribner, 367 pp., $ 26

In the fall of 1996, Frank McCourt catapulted from being a retired
New York City schoolteacher to being a cultural phenomenon.

His brilliant memoir about his childhood in Ireland, Angela's
Ashes, moved people around the world. It won him international
fame, the Pulitzer Prize and millions of admirers. They wept over
the deaths of his baby sister and twin brothers and laughed at
the book's grim humor.


The sequel to Angela's Ashes has arrived: 'Tis.
And it disappoints. The problem is that Angela's Ashes described
the troubles suffered by Frank the child and his helpless siblings
because of their father's drinking, but 'Tis describes
the woes the adult McCourt often brings on himself -- including
hangovers and late nights. 'Tis lacks the drama, the magic,
the gentleness, the lilt of the first book.

The talent is still there. But the subject matter -- how a lonely,
painfully self-conscious immigrant like McCourt finds his way
into American society -- is simply less compelling.

'Tis opens with McCourt's arrival in New York in 1949,
a young man of 19 taken under the wing of a Roman Catholic priest
with a drinking problem and a yen for young flesh. Drawing on
his memories, McCourt evokes the post-World War II world of the
New York Irish or Irish-American ethnic -- the menial jobs, the
sense of clan reinforced by excluding others, the boardinghouses
filled with men, the dangerous camaraderie of drinking.

Like many writers, McCourt gets his perspective from his inability
to fit in comfortably. The young McCourt wants a larger, richer,
more intellectual life. But when he finagles his way into college,
he finds himself pigeonholed at New York University. The professors
patronize him for his brogue and his Roman Catholic religion,
lapsed as it might be.

Eventually, McCourt becomes a teacher in a tough vocational school
and later at the prestigious Stuyvesant High School.

The best sections of 'Tis draw on the past, specifically
McCourt's visit to Limerick while he is serving in Germany with
the U.S. Army as a clerk. (He was born in America but moved with
his feckless parents to Ireland at age 4. His Army gig allows
him to go to NYU on the GI Bill.) He rages at his mother for not
having left the slums for the new housing his pay has afforded
the family.

But when he goes down the lane, the familiar faces come out to
greet him. And his brief visits with his father are as bewildering
as ever. Like all children of alcoholics, McCourt wants his father
to explain how he could choose the bottle over his children.

Without belaboring his point, McCourt makes it clear that he carries
in his mind "dark clouds" from childhood. Rage, despair, bad
patterns of behavior. McCourt's first marriage falters. He bickers
with his mother till the end.

The best effect 'Tis has on the reader is that it recalls
the wonder of Angela's Ashes.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color

TYPE: BOOK REVIEW

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          January 27, 1999, Wednesday

Girls get their lift to state

BYLINE: PETE YOUNG

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 507 words



It might not be a sanctioned state championship event by the Florida High School
Activities Association, but don't tell that to the 15 Central girls who will be
competing for a state title at Belleview High School Saturday.   Twenty-seven
schools that have winter girls weightlifting teams (some schools compete in the
spring) will lift in nine weight classes in the second annual event.  Central
coach Mark Griffith, whose team finished third in the Gulf Coast Athletic
Conference meet on Jan. 14 at Central, will bring the maximum allowed number of
girls (15) to the meet. Leading the way is senior Mindy Beadling, who won the
title last year at 129 pounds and is looking for a repeat performance. Beadling
prepped for the state meet by winning the GCAC title with a 155 bench, 150
clean, 305 total.   "She's in the same weight class this year so I expect her to
win it, unless there's somebody out there I haven't seen before or she doesn't
have a good day," Griffith said.   Also expected to do well are sophomore
Stephanie Doyle, who placed first at 119 pounds at the GCAC meet with a
115-130-245 total; senior Sheree Roberts, who competed in the 139-pound division
at the GCAC meet but will be at 129 pounds Saturday; senior Desiree Bergeron,
who recently dropped down from 119 to 110; and freshman Shanna Jager (101), who
placed second at the GCAC meet with a 95-110-205 total.   "Sheree Roberts ought
to do pretty well - she's been lifting out of weight class all year and she's
been working very hard," Griffith said. "And I'm expecting Desiree Bergeron to
do very well, perhaps place."   For this meet, unlike regular season meets,
girls who don't make weight will not be allowed to enter the weight class above,
Griffith said. Instead they'll be disqualified, so entering the proper weight
class is critical. Griffith also said that there will be no 3-pound clothing
allowance at weigh-ins, which there was at the GCAC meet.   "If she misses
weight, she's got to go out and run or sweat it off or something. If not, she
can't lift that day - we can't just bump her up to the next one," said Griffith,
noting that Bergeron will be hard-pressed to get below the 110-pound line. "I'm
not going to try to bump anyone around in weight classes. They've been working
all year and I just want to let them get in there and lift. It's kind of a
reward to go up to state, so I'm not going to try to finagle around for points
like I did at the meets all year. Whatever they weigh, that's where they're
going to lift and we'll see how we do at the end."   Among the schools favored
for the team title is South Sumter. The Raiders won the GCAC meet, scoring 60
points. Citrus placed second with 42, and Central, which has very few lifters in
the upper weight classes, was third with 35.   "In this area we're pretty good.
South Sumter just had a machine (at the GCAC meet), they carry 60 girls on the
team," Griffith said. "We don't have those type of numbers, but we're looking
forward to seeing how we can do."

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; COLOR PHOTO, MAURICE RIVENBARK; Mindy Beadling; (1998)
Central senior Desiree Bergeron runs the hurdles.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Victor Davis Hanson: The danger of ignoring truths about human nature

BYLINE: By Victor Davis Hanson

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion

LENGTH: 603 words


Human nature is unchanging, predictable -- and can be dangerous if ignored.

Five-time deportee and seven-time felon Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, an
unauthorized immigrant, recently was arrested in San Francisco for the murder of
an innocent passer-by, Kathryn Steinle.

The alleged killer told a local TV station that he came to San Francisco because
it was a sanctuary city. San Francisco has long boasted that it would not turn
over unauthorized immigrants to federal authorities.

Can it be that announcing such exemptions actually draws in foreign citizens who
have arrived in the U.S. illegally and committed crimes?

What is true compassion -- deporting a repeat felon like Lopez-Sanchez back to
his home country, or turning him loose on potential victims such as Steinle?

Baltimore just fired its police commissioner, Anthony Batts, for his supposed
inability to stop an epidemic of violent crime.

But not long ago, after the riots that followed Freddie Gray's death while in
police custody, Batts and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake had promised
to rein in the police. They seemed to blame Baltimore's police culture for
Gray's death even before the indictments and trials of the arresting officers
involved.

Amid the rioting, Rawlings-Blake infamously assured Baltimore that "we also gave
those who wished to destroy space to do that as well."

The murder rate in Baltimore has nearly doubled since the May riots.

Given human nature, people also like to blame their self-created dilemmas on
cosmic forces not of their own making. Take Greece. The Greek government cooked
its books to finagle streams of borrowed Northern European cash.

The Greeks spent what they could not earn faster even than it could be lent.
Now, Greece is broke and cannot pay back what it owes.

But do not suggest to the Greeks that their own endemic tax avoidance,
featherbedding and corruption caused their financial collapse. It is so much
easier for humans to blame "them": in this case, German creditors who either
loaned Greeks too much money or who had Nazi grandparents who once occupied
Greece 75 years ago.

Former Maryland governor and current presidential candidate Martin O'Malley
deplores staggering student-loan debt. He himself has borrowed almost $340,000
to put his two daughters through college. O'Malley wants a new
taxpayer-supported plan of subsidizing college students to ensure that they
graduate debt-free and avoid the sort of mess he is in.

O'Malley and his wife have together made more than $300,000 some years. How did
they manage to borrow so much money? And why, well after their two children's
graduations, have they not paid these staggering sums back?

Again, it is someone else's fault. But did the O'Malleys have to send one child
to $67,000-per-year Georgetown University rather than have her spend her first
two years at a junior college?

Why should taxpayers lament the family's staggering debt?

In all these cases, progressivism assured us that human nature could be
improved. Enlightened new theories and policies promised to change behavior by
no longer ensuring hurtful punishments or consequences for bad behavior and
unwise choices.

In truth, if humans do not face bridles on their often dangerous appetites and
recklessness, they are emboldened to do a great deal of damage, not just to
themselves but also to others.

Those who borrow sums that they cannot pay back usually blame those who lent
them the money -- not their own appetites. And elites never seem to pay
firsthand for the consequences of their own naive -- and selfish -- theories
about human nature.

Victor Davis Hanson is a syndicated columnist.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                               February 15, 2012

The Sins of the Father

BYLINE: Jerry P. Miller

SECTION: REVIEWS; Fiction; Pg. 94 Vol. 137 No. 03

LENGTH: 225 words


In the second installment (after Only Time Will Tell) of Archer's five-volume
saga, Harry Clifton, a Bristol dockworker's son, and Giles Barrington, the
assumed heir to the Barrington estate, seek to enlist in World War II despite
various obstacles. Harry joins the Merchant Navy and, after a German U-boat
sinks his ship, is among a group rescued by an American cruise liner. He
attempts to escape his past by assuming another sailor's identity but, as a
result, lands in an American jail serving a six-year sentence. Meanwhile, the
color-blind Barrington finagles his way into the British army, and Emma
Barrington, Harry's intended, gives birth to a boy whose parentage, like
Harry's, is a mystery. As usual, Archer permits his characters to drive the
plot, enriching its multiple layers with their own perspectives. He also
introduces semiautobiographical elements: Harry authors a series of diaries
while serving as prison librarian, and in the concluding chapters, a debate
regarding the Barrington Shipping fortune's legitimate heir demonstrates
Archer's intimate knowledge of parliamentary procedures.

VERDICT Although the plot twists and cliff-hangers seem sensational in spots,
Archer's panache and sharp repartee maintain the excitement and sheer fun of
reading this literary master. [See Prepub Alert, 10/31/11.]--Jerry P. Miller,
Cambridge, MA

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2012 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           August 11, 1999, Wednesday

CASE MAY HAVE TO DEAL WITH MA BELL

BYLINE: Jon Elsen

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 034

LENGTH: 488 words


AMERICA Online's Steve Case is feeling the heat.

A precipitous drop in the value of his stock - and his own personal wealth -
apparently has made the AOL chairman rethink his demand for free access to
AT&T's high-speed cable lines.

Now he's ready to deal.

For months, Case has been fanning the flames of public revolt against AT&T. He
wants municipalities to shoot down the AT&T-MediaOne merger, unless Internet
service providers - like AOL - are allowed high-speed access over cable lines
for free. He has gone to court, with mixed success, and he's lobbying on Capitol
Hill.

But in the last four months the value of AOL shares has been halved - in part
because of uncertainty about AOL's ability to win that anti-AT&T campaign. The
stock closed yesterday at 85, compared to a 52-week high of 167.

If Case were to come up short, and then was unable to finagle his way onto cable
systems by deal-making, he might be left behind by Internet companies in
business with AT&T.

To make matters worse, AT&T's high-speed Internet business could get a lot
bigger once the MediaOne deal closes, because AT&T and Time Warner might merge
their Internet access businesses. And Federal Communications Commission Chairman
William Kennard is backing AT&T.

Officials at AT&T and AOL declined comment.

What AOL really wants is a deal with AT&T, but sources close to AT&T said the
company will not strike a deal with AOL unless Case agrees to drop his campaign
for free cable access. "AT&T's top priority is to get this campaign shut down,
so they can get on with the MediaOne acquisition," said one source close to the
company.

A deal with AOL would likely be structured so the price of access to AT&T's
cable systems would drop as more AOL subscribers signed on for the high-speed
service. Doing so would give AOL incentive to bring more traffic to the AT&T
cable network, while limiting the cost to AOL.

AOL could not be allowed full access to AT&T cable lines until at least 2002,
when AT&T's deal to offer those lines exclusively to Excite@Home expires.
Excite@Home, whose stock has dropped from 95 in April to under 35 yesterday, is
trying to brace for that day.

But a deal would at least give AOL a guarantee of some day getting access to
high-speed cable lines - a deal that would undoubtedly boost AOL's sagging
shares.

In the meantime, AOL could be offered directly to AT&T customers over fixed
wireless technology, which AT&T is also rolling out as part of its strategy of
offering local phone service.

AT&T certainly wants a deal too, because the company wants to attract as many
users as possible its systems. AT&T can sell those new customers a bundle of
services, including local and long-distance phone service, and video services,
to better compete with the Baby Bells.

AT&T also doesn't want to run the risk that AOL will boost the rival Internet
access system, DSL, offered by the Baby Bells.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 3, 1987, Wednesday, City Edition

'Chicago' roars through the '20s in clowning manner

BYLINE: PETER SMITH

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; THEATER REVIEW; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 858 words



Chicago, book by Fred Ebb and Bob Fosse, lyrics by Fred Ebb, music by    John
Kander, directed by Stephan deGhelder, Gary Vandeventer, musical    director,
starring Ann Hodges and Gary Marachek. Continuing at Encore    Dinner Theatre,
1850 Central Ave., St. Petersburg. Call 821-6676 for    reservations.



    I used to think that I was a pretty cynical guy. Raised on Twain,    Mencken
and the National Lampoon, a jaundiced view of mankind is as    natural to me as
flossing after every meal. But I am like Anne of Green    Gables compared to Bob
Fosse.



   Fosse's Chicago, the new production at the Encore Dinner Theatre, is
breathtaking in its disdain for man- kind, its low opinion of the great    mass
of people, its cheerful mendacity. It is also wildly, blackly    funny,
possessor of edgy, nasty songs by Ebb and Kander that call to    mind an
American show-biz Weill and Brecht, and performed by a cast    that understands
and rejoices in the implications of the show.

     Roxie Hart is, to put it gently, a two-bit floozy who sings in a
nightclub in 1920's Chicago. She has bumped off a boyfriend who has    scorned
her ample charms, almost gotten her husband to take the rap for    her, and
finds herself in the Cook County slammer awaiting trial. Her    fellow
inhabitants of the Devil's Condo are, in the main, good-natured    psychos who
bluntly admit ventilating their hubbies for chippying    around, popping their
chewing gum and other high crimes. The prison's    matron is a cheerfully
corrupt woman of blurred sexual preference who    dispenses high-priced booze
and even higher-priced lawyers. Roxie    finagles (with her slightly dim
husband's help) a meeting with Billy    Flynn, a hard-nosed, manipulative
attorney who is renowned for playing    a jury like Louis Armstrong played the
trumpet. He coaches Roxie in    what to say to journalists, judges and juries,
and is convinced (and    rightly so) that the proper sob-sister publicity will
keep her from the    gallows.

     In all this, absolutely nothing is sacred. The judicial system is a    joke
(in the courtroom scene, the judge wears a clown's pointed hat),    journalists
are corrupt sensation-mongers who travel in packs, like    wolves; the only
innocent person in the whole play is played for laughs    and treated to her own
dancing necktie party. Only Roxie's husband, a    stupid, honorable man, is
shown the slightest glimmer of respect.

     To repeat, all of this scornful, bitter stuff is very funny, mostly
because it is played so openly and happily. Chicago was written early    in
Fosse's career, before his antagonistic view of the world ossified    into the
virulent self-hatred and misogyny of his films All That Jazz    and Star 80. As
a result, there is a certain dancing-at-the-abyss    feeling to Chicago that
keeps it from just being an ugly venting of    spleen.

     As Roxie Hart, Ann Hodges is bawdy, funny and a solid base to build    the
show upon. She often seems a little too knowing to be surprised by    the
goings-on around her, but her voice and manner are perfect for big    time
show-biz plays like this one. As her attorney, Gary Marachek is a    ball of
pure energy, with a Cagney stance and a perfectly arched    eyebrow you could
roll a softball down. His rendition of "Razzle    Dazzle," with its patented
Fossean choreography, is a highlight of the    show. Linda Featherstone plays
one of Roxie's fellow inmates, and her    brash, in-your-face presentation of
"When Velma Takes the Stand" is    both sexy and funny. As the matron, Carol
Suhr gets to sing a duet with    Featherstone in the double edged "Class," and
her solo "When You're    Good to Mama" is a gleeful song of corruption; Suhr
(actually quite    attractive) puts herself across as a human Jabba the Hutt.

     As Roxie's put-upon husband, Michael O. Smith has a hard time    looking
dumb enough to convince that he's really a clotpoll, but his    hair's-breadth
timing and rueful rendition of the song "Mr.    Cellophane" make him a pleasure
to watch.

     Also of note are C.R. Serrano as the surprising reporter Mary    Sunshine,
and Brent Burns, who in the small role of the jury foreman    spends ten minutes
mugging shamelessly and comically.

     The team of Stephan deGhelder (director-choreographer) and Gary
Vandeventer (musical director) have pulled together a remarkable set of
performances. The ensemble singing is dynamic and clean, the dancing,    if it
is not Fosse's own, is stylistically accurate and interesting,    and the
six-piece band is subtle and strong, coloring without    overpowering.

     The art deco set by Earl Porter is elegant and austere, but just    flashy
enough to evoke the spirit of the twenties. Take note: This is a    seriously
adult show, at least in content.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Gary Marachek and Ann Hodges in Chicago

                            Times Publishing Company


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 24, 2006 Sunday
                           Sunday First City Edition

along for the pennant drive;
What a long, strange road;
Players, and even managers, get a bit goofy on long road trips as they search
for ways to fill the time before games.

BYLINE: Patrick Reusse, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Patrick Reusse; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1242 words

DATELINE: Baltimore, Md.


The Twins were in Cleveland for the start of a 10-game road trip that also would
take them to Boston and Baltimore. Manager Ron Gardenhire had lost a crucial
member of his team and now a roster move had to be made.

Outfielder Lew Ford was summoned to Gardenhire's office in the visitors
clubhouse at Jacobs Field. "Lewwww!" sat down on a couch next to third-base
coach Scott Ullger.

"Lew, the general manager said I have to talk to you," a somber Gardenhire said.

Ford, already a fellow with a pale complexion, lost his final bit of color. He
nodded toward Gardenhire, waiting for confirmation that his struggle to
contribute in the second half had cost him a place on the roster.

"Lew, you have to trade Scotty and me a quarterback," Gardenhire said. "Our
Kansas City guy [Trent Green] had his neck broken or something.

"You got five quarterbacks on your Fantasy team, Lew. Who needs five
quarterbacks? Trade us one. That [Alex] Smith kid from San Francisco ... we'll
take him."

Ford made the deal, then staggered back to the main clubhouse to rejoin the card
game in which he's a regular.

"Yeah, there was a little blackmail involved, but Scotty, my GM, and me were
desperate for a quarterback," Gardenhire said.

Dressed to ill

GARDENHIRE AND HIS coaches arrive six hours before the scheduled first pitch for
most night games. The players also start showing up in threes and fours at the
same time.

The Twins had lost Francisco Liriano, the lefthanded phenom, for the season a
day earlier in the Metrodome, and they also had been 1-0 losers to Oakland.

Yet, clubhouses are rarely somber places in the afternoon. This is particularly
true on the road, where baseball people have nothing better to do than to arrive
early and start agitating one another.

Gardenhire wasn't done on this Thursday in Cleveland, even after draining the
blood from Ford's head in order to finagle a fantasy football quarterback.

On Wednesday, the Twins' veterans had engaged in the traditional hazing of
rookies for the final road trip of the season. There were gaudy outfits hanging
in their Metrodome lockers - Village People garb, evening gowns, etc. - and the
first-year lads were forced to wear these out of the clubhouse, onto the plane
and to the Cleveland hotel.

Johan Santana and Carlos Silva had a special treat arranged for the 2006
rookies. They took the rooks to Jacobs Field for a Wednesday night game between
the Indians and Kansas City.

A photo of the wildly dressed Twins rookies standing along the left field rail
appeared in Thursday's Cleveland Plain Dealer.

Gardenhire called in Chris Heintz, Matt Garza and Willie Eyre, stood up like a
drill sergeant, pointed with feigned anger at the newspaper photo and barked at
them for embarrassing the organization.

"And you, Heintz - dressed like Elvis Presley," the manager shouted. "That's
inexcusable. Everyone knows Elvis is dead."

That's when the rookies figured out the manager simply was killing time, in that
space between deciding on a lineup (usually he has that done by 2 o'clock) and
the start of batting practice three hours later.

Stars don't act like it

TAMIKO TETSAYA has been covering the major leagues for the Tokyo Broadcasting
System for a number of years. She is responsible for segments on a weekly sports
show. There is always an entourage of reporters, producers and camera people
with her.

Tetsaya's delegation was making its way through the crowded visitors clubhouse
in Fenway Park. One young man had a gift bag that contained a mock Japanese
sword.

Johan Santana grabbed the sword, removed it from the sheath and went into a
Samurai pose, as if he planned to go Crouching Tiger on the Japanese TV group.

"The main thing that's probably different with this organization is the big guys
have never caused problems," pitcher Brad Radke said. "Johan is a superstar, and
he could walk around like that, but he's exactly the opposite. He's like a big
kid when he gets to the ballpark."

Radke never has known another organization in his 16 professional seasons.

Outfielder Rondell White was with six other organizations in 16 pro seasons
before joining the Twins in 2006. His observation on Santana - and the Twins in
general - mirrors Radke's.

"There are no egos here," White said. "Johan? He never was a Cy Young Award
winner, not the way he acts around his teammates. Torii Hunter? He hasn't won
all those Gold Gloves, not the way he acts.

"The best players are good people. That's the secret of making this a great
clubhouse."

A few feet away, Tetsaya's group coerced Hunter into wearing a ribbon - beauty
pageant-style - across his chest with large Japanese letters. Then, a young
female stood next to Hunter and he was convinced to put his arm around her
shoulders.

What was her role? "She's one of our reporters," Tetsaya said.

And the lettering? "It says, `Main main, you're the best,'" she said.

When this was over, Hunter was handed a hand-held device for Sudoku puzzles.
This was a well-researched gift, since Torii can be seen around the clubhouse
with books of these new-rage puzzles.

White loses a young friend

THE TWINS SIGNED White with the idea that he could provide a daily threat as the
designated hitter. That did not work. He has made more of a contribution in
recent weeks, since Gardenhire started playing him in left field.

White handled himself well playing baseball's trickiest left field - Fenway
Park, with the shallow dimensions and the 37-foot Green Monster - during the
Boston series. He also went into the mysterious area inside the Monster to check
a signature that was placed there two years ago.

It belonged to Anthony Corola, a boy from Montreal who was 4 and suffering from
cancer when befriended by White, then playing for the Expos. In 2004, Rondell
was playing for Detroit. Anthony and his father made a trip to Boston for a
Tigers-Red Sox series.

"I took him behind the wall one afternoon," White said. "There are a lot of
signatures in there. We found a good spot and Anthony signed his name."

Corola, 11, died this year. His original cancer went into remission, but it came
back a few years ago as lung cancer.

"He was next on the list for a lung transplant, but then they found another
tumor in the back of his head and ... well, they couldn't do anything," White
said. "He was the greatest kid.

"He never wanted you to feel sorry for him. That's why I don't get down on
anything in life. When I wasn't hitting, it was frustrating, but feeling sorry
for myself? No chance."

The Twins ran off two struggling veterans - third baseman Tony Batista and
shortstop Juan Castro - before their June turnaround. Gardenhire was asked why
he stuck with White, who was having more trouble than anyone in the failed
lineup of April and May?

"He's one of the classiest guys I've met in the game," Gardenhire said. "It's
not hard for a manager not to give up on him."

Double-negative aside, you get the point: The Twins will give extra rope to a
player they find to be extra-classy.

Roger who?

CARLOS SILVA WAS pedaling away on the stationary bike in the middle of Fenway's
cramped clubhouse. There was a big TV and several players were on a couch and
chairs, watching Roger Clemens make his annual last-ever home start for the
Houston Astros.

The Houston crowd was demanding a curtain call from Clemens. The sound was
coming through the TV and filling this area of the room.

"Who are they cheering for?" rookie Matt Garza asked Silva.

"Matt Garza," said Silva, continuing to pedal. "Houston loves Matt Garza."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sunday

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; Pg. 32,33

LENGTH: 339 words


Murder on the Orient Express 1974 ITV, 12.40pm

Albert Finney is unrecognisable as the Belgian sleuth, this time on a train with
every A-lister in town. All the passengers, it seems, bore a grudge towards
Richard Widmark's villain, but who killed him? The caper is as enjoyable as
ever, and besides: how often do you get to share a carriage with Sean Connery,
Lauren Bacall and Ingrid Bergman? The Winslow Boy 1999 BBC Two, 2.00pm David
Mamet's adaptation of Terence Rattigan's play exudes wit and poise. To
Rattigan's elegant dialogue, Mamet adds his seductive rhythms, while his
sepiatinged photography keep the proceedings in period. Nigel Hawthorne is
magnificent as the confident paterfamilias driven to self-doubt, Jeremy Northam
his equal as the attorney he hires to prove his son's innocence of theft.

Mrs Doubtfire 1993 Channel 4, 5.15pm

Robin Williams dons rather implausible drag (though the film won the Best
Make-up Oscar) for this comedy about an actor who disguises himself as a
housekeeper to spend time with his children after his divorce. Sandwiched
between Hook and Jumanji, it's from an era when Williams was at his most
clownish, ensuring that the laughs are broad enough for grown-ups.

Catch Me If You Can 2002 BBC Two, 5.45pm; not Scotland/Wales

Leonardo DiCaprio plays the serial con artist Frank Abagnale Jnr in Steven
Spielberg's charming, fact-based drama. The film follows him as he finagles a
small fortune by posing as a pilot, a doctor and a lawyer, all while remaining
one step ahead of Tom Hanks' dogged FBI agent. Christopher Walken earned an
Oscar nod for his turn as Abagnale Snr.

127 Hours 2010 Channel 4, 11.00pm

James Franco gives what is virtually a one-man tour de force performance in
Danny Boyle's thrilling film adapted from Aron Ralston's 2004 autobiography. It
tells the story of a young mountain climber (Franco) who finds himself trapped
at the bottom of a remote canyon in Utah, and goes to extreme and dramatic
lengths (you may wish to avert your eyes during one gory effort) to save his own
life.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2017 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 31, 2006 Monday

UGLY DUCKLING - PERELMAN PUSHING BEAUTY GIANT REVLON TO THE BRINK

BYLINE: Christopher Byron

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1114 words


'Revlon's marketing plan for Vital Radiance was unwittingly based on publicly
humiliating the very women it was trying to attract as customers.'

EVERYONE knows an earthquake is sooner or later going to destroy California,
just like a hurricane will put an end to Florida and a meteor is going to wipe
out life on Earth. But we've been hearing those things forever and so far we're
still here, so what's the big deal?

It's sort of like that with Revlon, the fragrance and cosmetics outfitfounded by
Charles Revson in 1932. Everyone knows the company's days are numbered, and they
know who to blame, too: Revlon's chairman and controlling stockholder, Ronald
"The Finagle King" Perelman.

Yet Revlon has been giving off death rattles for so many years now that people
have largely stopped listening. Even His Finagleness no longer seems to care,
and is once again making a gross public spectacle of himself as a skirt chaser
while Revlon's death rattles grow louder.

This is a performance the world has seen more than once from the Ronster, who
might want to ask himself why he tends to become publicly entangled in diverting
and ultimately destructive relationships with women at precisely the moments
when his attention should be focused most intensely on the management of his
business affairs.

Maybe Perelman should consider bringing the subject up with his newest arm
piece, a standard-issue looker named Anna Chapman, who materialized at his side
this spring, mere weeks after his fourth marriage, to actress Ellen Barkin, fell
apart.

As it happens, his new gal turns out to be a psychiatrist who specializes in the
treatment of panic disorders, an affliction that Perelman seems to have been
handling until now by medicating himself with blonde distractions at the onset
of each new bout of anxiety.

Unfortunately, there may not be enough time left for Dr. Chapman to help Rutting
Ron rid himself of his libidinous demons. This time around, the warnings about
Revlon look real.

The immediate problem is Revlon's tumbling stock price. Eight years ago, the
stock sold for more than $51 a share, giving the company a Wall Street market
value of roughly $2.6 billion. Since then, the Ronster's handiwork has driven
the stock relentlessly downward, to a closing price Friday of 89 cents a share,
putting the company's market value at barely $366 million.

THIS puts Revlon in danger of being delisting by the New York Stock Exchange,
which requires all companies trading on the Big Board to maintain minimum prices
of $1 a share.

Perelman gained control of Revlon in 1986 by ousting its chairman, Michel
Bergerac, in a Wall Street-financed takeover fight.

Using $1.8 billion in junk bonds and bank debt to buy out Revlon's existing
shareholders, he took the company private, and began a campaign to bury his past
as an asset stripper and prettify himself in the media as a post-industrial
corporate leader.

But a pig wearing lipstick is still a pig, and the Ronster turned Revlon into
his personal hookup machine for dates to the Oscars, which may be why he wanted
to take the company over in the first place.

As for selling cosmetics to women, the Ronster had no evident base of knowledge
in that field at all. Within a year of going public, the company's top-line
revenue numbers began to implode, and for the following five years they went
straight downhill, from $2.4 billion in sales in 1997 to $1.1 billion in 2002,
when they finally stabilized.

Last year, the company unfurled what amounted to a kind of Hail Mary pass to
turn things around, and it will doubtless go down in business history as the
most misguided marketing idea since New Coke: a new line of beauty products, to
be sold under the Vital Radiance name, for women over 50.

Every woman, of course, likes the idea of being vitally radiant, but not if that
means publicly admitting that you're over 50. Yet by arranging to display its
Vital Radiance product line on special high-visibility display racks in
pharmacies and department stores, Revlon's marketing plan was unwittingly based
on embarrassing the very women it was trying to attract as customers.

For a gal over 50 to be seen browsing the Vital Radiance display rack at Duane
Reed during her lunch hour would be just about as humiliating as for a guy to be
spotted walking up the street trying to hide a bottle of Rogaine under his
shirt. Given the fact that the entire purpose of makeup is to help women look
younger than they really are, is it a surprise the Vital Radiance line was a
fiasco?

The company has done its best to try to paper over the disaster with biz-speak
and euphemisms claiming in filings that it's experiencing "less effectiveness"
than expected from retail display space "revenue driving actions." But early
last month came the truth: The company dropped $40 million through mismarketing
of the launch of Vital Radiance in the second quarter alone, and full-year
losses for the brand could top $60 million - this for a product lineup with
sales that may never top $50 million annually.

Last week, the company gushed with seemingly hourly reports on its progress in
convincing creditors to lend it an additional $100 million on top of the $1.4
billion already on its books. But not even Wall Street's notoriously amiable and
accommodating stock analysts seemed to be buying the malarkey any longer.

In a report to clients following the Vital Radiance disclosures, an analyst at
Goldman Sachs wrote of Revlon's happy-faced encouragements, "We have heard many
of these in the past, with results continually falling short."

Besides, the real problem isn't the company, it's Perelman, who owns just under
60 percent of all Revlon's voting stock and can't be made to go away unless he
wants to. In the spring of 1999, rumors began to circulate that Revlon, then
trading for $13, was about to be acquired by the Netherlands-based Unilever
Corp., and the price shot instantly to $20 - entirely because Perelman wouldn't
have come along as part of the deal.

In short, a 50 percent premium lurks in this stock if the Ronster will just go
away.

So how about it, Dr. Chapman? Only you can save Revlon now! Your boyfriend is
having one of his panic attacks, and he's reached for you to help see him
through it. So carpe diem, doc, get him to see the light and resign for the good
of Revlon and vulnerable good-looking blondes everywhere.

Meanwhile, keep careful notes and if all else fails, you can sell them to Mel
Brooks. Anyone for "High Anxiety II"?

---

Lipstick smear

With its stock price below $1, Ron Perelman's Revlon is in danger of being
delisted by the New York Stock Exchange.

Revlon - Close: 89 cents (-2 cents)

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Perelman and gal-pal Anna Chapman.  [Photos: AP; Bloomberg News;
PHOTOlink]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 2, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Paying the Price For a Land Boom;
Homeowners Feel the Squeeze as Values, Taxes Rise

BYLINE: Stephanie McCrummen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 1370 words


Second of two articles

Every now and then, David Obeid entertains a fantasy common along Jefferson
Avenue. He dreams of cashing out -- selling the handyman special he bought in
1986 and living someplace else, some imagined paradise where houses are cheap,
schools above average and property taxes low.

After all, his Fairfax County colonial has nearly quintupled in value; a
neighbor recently sold hers for $460,000, a number whispered across front lawns
and driveways up and down the block.

Mostly, though, when he hears such numbers, Obeid thinks of how he, a part-time
telecommunications consultant, and his wife, a nurse, will finagle another
several hundred dollars out of their budget for property taxes, as assessments
have risen, too -- 78  percent since 2000. And the 2005 assessments, due out at
the end of the month, are expected to jump again.

"All this hype about property values doesn't do anyone any good unless you're
moving," said Obeid, 45, who is staying put until his children, ages 13, 11 and
8, finish school. "In a sense, owning property is much more difficult. We
haven't cut back, but we haven't increased our spending, either -- as you can
see, I've got a 25-year-old car out there."

According to figures from the five largest jurisdictions and estimates based on
recent real estate trends, the average assessed value of a Northern Virginia
house has roughly doubled since 2000. In Arlington County, for example, the
increase is 125 percent; in Loudon County,  it's 112 percent.

It is the other side of a real estate boom that has meant a tax windfall for
such counties as Fairfax but has begun to squeeze budgets of such homeowners as
those on Jefferson Avenue, a pleasant if unspectacular street of 1940s Cape Cods
and colonials just south of Falls Church, tucked behind a Toyota dealership, a
Wachovia bank and La Granja de Oro restaurant.

With homes assessed, on average, at about $350,250 in 2004 -- $7,000 less than
the county average -- people there are paying property taxes of around $4,000 a
year. It is an amount some homeowners said is no great hardship, particularly
compared with such states as New Jersey, where taxes can surpass $10,000. And in
the calculus of social costs and benefits, many said it is a fair amount to pay
for good schools, parks and the county's social safety net.

For others, the increasing tax bill has chipped away at the sort of life they
figured would be the reward of owning a home. It has meant forgoing new cars and
dinners out. It has meant buying double-stuff Oreos only when they're
two-for-one. It has made stay-at-home moms consider getting paid jobs; and for
one retiree, it has meant possibly having to leave the neighborhood where he's
lived for 45 years.

"You work your entire life, and this is what you get in the end?" asked Charles
Woody, 68.

In July, he lost his job with Verizon, where he worked in building security, and
for now is living on a monthly income of $1,100 from Social Security and $700
from unemployment, which will end soon.

"Taxes are $4,200, so it doesn't take long to figure out what goes on," said
Woody, whose mortgage is paid off. "I've got homeowner's insurance, gas,
electric, water, car insurance. . . . I've got a plumber coming, that'll be
$194. Yes, I can sell, but where will I go? These are my roots here."

Rising assessments have hit those on a fixed income hardest. "That's really
where there is the biggest crunch," said Fairfax County Supervisor Linda Smyth
(D-Providence), adding that the county offers tax relief for retirees whose
income and assets fall below a certain level, as do other Northern Virginia
counties.

Other long-timers on Jefferson Avenue, of which there are fewer and fewer, said
they're managing, or else reaching the moment when they're ready to cash out.

"Four more years, and we'll retire someplace cheaper," said Fred Goodspeed, 60,
a retired mainframe computer operator whose wife, a medical technologist, still
works. "My friends in Pennsylvania, they're like, 'You're lucky -- you don't
have to bag leaves.' We just rake them to the corner, and the county picks them
up. Greedy, aren't we? We like to see values go up, but not our taxes."

In recent years, younger families have been moving into the modest, half-brick,
half-vinyl-sided homes on the block, sometimes trading the 10-foot ceilings and
sprawling yards of far-flung new developments for the convenience of living
inside the Capital Beltway.

They have finished off attics and added decks but mostly have watched their
assessments rise thanks to the less visible forces of supply and demand.

It was fun for a while, as property values went up and up, said Irene Treat, a
lawyer, who bought her colonial in 1998 for $200,000. Then, expecting a child in
2002, she and her husband, a Department of Defense employee, began to examine
the bills more closely.

"We kept saying, 'Why is our mortgage going up?' " Treat recalled.

Their property taxes, which were rolled into their monthly mortgage payments,
had risen more than $100 a month since they moved in. And so, they began
trimming: Banished were dinners at Carlyle Grand Cafe. Gone were movies, the
Kennedy Center and Cher concerts.

"We used to pay directly into our retirement account, and we cut back on that,"
said Treat, 42. "My husband said we needed to go on a weekly budget, so we went
from around $200 a week to $140 a week."

They comforted themselves with the idea that they could always sell. Then, a few
months ago, Treat's husband was transferred to Miami, and they sold for
$460,000. It was gratifying until they realized that Miami is hardly cheaper.

Other neighbors said they are determined to stay, realizing they'd probably fare
no better elsewhere in the region.

In some cases, salaries have kept up. Others have refinanced and lowered their
mortgage payment, only to see the property tax bill cancel out the savings.
Others are simply watching their cash flow more carefully.

"We didn't consider the taxes when we bought the house" in August 1997, said
Patti Gardecki, 33.

Now, the Gardeckis do. Last year, the bill came to nearly $4,700.

She works part time as an accountant; her husband is in pharmaceutical sales,
and they have two preschoolers. They pay the bill twice a year out of their
savings, then replenish the account when they get their income tax refund. They
are frugal. They drive one car instead of two. They have no credit card debt.
Like other living rooms on the block, theirs is furnished comfortably, not
extravagantly. It is common to see faded couches on Jefferson Avenue.

Maria Rodriguez, 56, who moved onto the block in 2000, said her husband got a
better job to help pay the taxes. He is an electrician's assistant now. They
rent out two rooms, which helps, and a daughter, an IBM engineer, sends money
when they need it. But if property taxes go much higher, Rodriguez will have to
find a job, she said as her daughter Gisela Rodriguez, 24, interpreted.

Like everyone else, Maria Rodriguez thinks of selling, too -- of going back home
to Bolivia, where dollars from a Falls Church colonial would go a long way --
but not until all seven children finish college. "Her kids are the priority
right now," Gisela Rodriguez said.

Maria Rodriguez had no complaints about the county services she gets for her tax
dollars, and in general, such complaints are mild.

Some parents send children to St. James Catholic school nearby rather than
public Graham Road Elementary, forgoing the service that represents the largest
chunk of their tax bill.

Patti Gardecki said it would be nice if the county would fence in the park up
the street.

David Obeid, on the other hand, noted that his family has not had a bona fide
vacation in five years. He looks around Jefferson Avenue, he said, sees that it
is pretty much as it always has been, and wonders where all the money is going.

"We've tried for 20 years to get sidewalks here," he said. "If my taxes go up
that much, I would think I can get a sidewalk."

He consoled himself with all he had at the moment -- an idea.

"I think about moving," he said. "That's the silver lining to all this."

Staff writer Michael Laris and staff researcher Bobbye Pratt contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 17, 1994 Friday 2D EDITION

Lessons of loneliness not lost on pensive David Wilcox

BYLINE: Dan Pacheco, Special to The Denver Post

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. -24

LENGTH: 602 words


Loneliness. Most people see it as more of a disease than a catalyst for living.
For singer and songwriter David Wilcox, though, it was a teacher, the vessel
that carried him to dry land after 36 years of searching for fulfillment.

"It's no trick that our hearts are made with a lot of room for fullness," Wilcox
said in an interview from his woodland home in North Carolina.

"It seems as if our hearts are made for emptiness, but we can fill it."

After 36 years of life and four albums that have made him a pop preacher in the
West for the 25-and-over generation, that lesson is prominent in his
introspective acoustic guitar music. His 1989 album "How Did You Find Me Here?"
sold more than 100,000 records through word of mouth, and the song "New World"
from his latest album, "Big Horizon," hopped on board the Top 10 Adult
Alternative radio charts at No. 7.

Wilcox performs tomorrow at Chautauqua Auditorium in Boulder and Sunday at the
Telluride Bluegrass Festival.

Unmasked relationships, unresolved childhood fears and feelings of solitude are
all common themes for the bike-riding, river-rafting outdoorsman. In college in
Asheville, N.C., where he lives with his wife and 18-month-old son, it's not
surprising that he found a special interest in the study of religion.

"I would always finagle away to write humanities papers about my own search.

"They were supposed to be pretty rigid, but I bent them," Wilcox said. Die-hard
fans know how the confessional, cathartic tendency lives on through songs such
as "Covert War," a painful deconstruction of a dysfunctional childhood where he
mediated fights between his parents and "got some shrapnel" in his head as a
result.

But lately things are looking brighter.

After three major albums, the latest of which is "Big Horizon," a different man
comes through between the notes. "The early songs from the other records were
really just me sending out my prayers, having a vision for the way my heart
ought to feel and not knowing how to feel," he said.

Now he boldly states that he has found fullness, and marvels at the places where
he once searched for it.

For a time Wilcox credited his recent marriage for the metamorphosis, but he
says now that even this was an illusion, explored in his song "Distant Water."

"It was about me realizing that I was fooling myself that I was expecting
romance to change everything in my life.

"And that's a hard thing to hear, because I want to believe that THEY LIVED
HAPPILY - EVER - AFTER," he emphasized.

What brings him joy now is not clear.

Perhaps it's his home that is nestled near several national forests in western
North Carolina, which he calls up periodically to hear the sounds of birds
outside through a microphone attached to the phone.

Or, maybe the several-day bike trips he takes with his family, or his good
friendship with "Saturday Night Live's" Kevin Nealon.

Whatever it is, Wilcox is cautious to label it as peace instead of happiness.

"I have found it, and I would say it's not something you can grab onto," he
said. "Basically it boils down to simple stuff. Your heart is going to ask for
the real stuff, and you can try to medicate or cover it over with all sorts of
things.

"But it's like my song 'Eye of the Hurricane.' You can try to get what's second
best, but it's hard to get enough."

Wilcox performs at Chautauqua Auditorium in Boulder at 8 p.m. tomorrow. Tickets
are $ 18.50 for general admission. Call 440-7666.  On Sunday, he performs at the
Telluride Bluegrass Festival at Town Park.

Tickets also can be purchased through TicketMaster. Call 290-8497.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 7, 1992, Tuesday

ELECTION '92 Paulding County activist to keep her ballot spot

BYLINE: By Bill Torpy STAFF WRITERelections; voting; personalities; courts;
public; neighborhoods

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section D; Page 5

LENGTH: 300 words


A Paulding County activist who was fired from her job for politicking and is now
running for tax commissioner will remain on the ballot after the county board of
elections decided she is a county resident.

Helen Holton, who was fired in 1990 from her sheriff's department job after
holding up signs for a Republican candidate, said that the challenge to her
candidacy was "an act of desperation" by Democratic officials who have long run
the county.

Tax Commissioner Jim Watts, running for his seventh term, said tax records
indicated that Mrs. Holton and her husband did not live in the camper trailer
they claim as home. The Holtons say they have lived there for three years while
they build a home.

"I think they consider us a threat because we speak our minds and we don't give
up," said Mrs. Holton, referring to her friend Glenda Bates, who was fired along
with her and who is running for probate judge. Both are running as Republicans
and both have federal suits that claim their dismissals violated their rights to
free speech.

The suit against the county is not Mrs. Holton's first. In fact, in three years,
she has been involved in three lawsuits against the county. The first was as a
leader of a group that successfully kept out a landfill that had received county
support. The second concerned a tax appraisal that the Holtons considered
unfair. It was settled out of court.

Mrs. Holton claims her research in the tax office showed that the county unde
r-assessed thousands of acres of property, especially timber land, a fact she
brought to the county commission's attention two years ago.

Mr. Watts said there isn't much room in his office to finagle. "It's all set by
the state and if something isn't right, you're out there making little rocks of
big rocks," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH921900019

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      June 3, 2000 Saturday Final Edition

Reverence for women put paid to priesthood; In Profile / Tom Cruise

SOURCE: Knight Ridder

BYLINE: Lily Chin

SECTION: WEEKEND ARTS; Pg. W09

LENGTH: 963 words


How else to describe the star power and presence of Thomas Cruise Mapother IV,
known to movie audiences simply as Tom Cruise? Relentlessly positive, this actor
and star endears himself to audiences, even when he plays a heel.

Vital Stats

Birth name: Tom Cruise Mapother IV; when he was 12, he dropped Mapother after
his parents divorced

Born: July 3, 1962, in Syracuse, N.Y.

Parents: Father Thomas was an electrical engineer; mother Mary Lee taught
children with special needs

Siblings: Two older sisters, Lee Anne and Marian; younger sister, Cass

Family: Married actress Nicole Kidman Dec. 24, 1990; adopted children Isabella
(in 1993) and Connor (in 1995); divorced actress Mimi Rogers in 1990

Education: Went to 12 schools in 12 years; graduated from high school in New
Jersey

Slow Start

Cruise's mother suffered from dyslexia, and so did young Tom. When he was
learning to read, he was unable to tell the difference between the letters C and
D because one curves to the left and the other curves to the right. (Reversal of
letters and words or inability to distinguish right from left are common
problems for dyslexics.) This led to academic problems. To compensate, he
excelled in sports. With typical gusto, he played baseball, football,
basketball, tennis, soccer, lacrosse and even hockey.

Quiz

True or false? Cruise once trained to become a priest.

True

When he turned 14, he realized he needed a more structured learning environment
and enrolled at a Franciscan seminary in Cincinnati. For a year, he studied to
become a priest but decided that he loved women more than the priesthood.

Fast Forward

Cruise got into acting by chance. While working out for a high school wrestling
match, he injured himself. A teacher encouraged him to try out for a school
production of Guys and Dolls. Lo and behold, he felt relaxed on stage. On
opening night, he told his mother and stepfather to give him 10 years to make it
in show business. At 18, he moved to New York, and by 1981, he won a small part
in the film Endless Love, then in Taps. He hurtled to prominence in the 1983
blockbuster Risky Business.

Top Gun

During the 1980s, Cruise propelled himself to the top by endearing himself to
audiences. In Risky Business (1983), he is unscrupulous yet finagles his way
into Princeton University. In Top Gun (1986), he is reckless yet gracefully aces
the Soviet enemy. In The Color of Money (1986), he is naive yet manipulates his
manipulator. His role in Cocktail (1988) is a composite of earlier characters.
Has any other actor so confidently and charismatically made casual amorality
look like so much fun?

Quiz

True or false? Before he became an actor, Cruise never had to bus tables to make
ends meet.

False

He did what many actors have done. "I went to New York and loaded trucks, worked
as a stock boy, as the assistant to the 'super' of an apartment building, and
bused tables, all while trying to get work as an actor," he tells the Chicago
Tribune. At night, he took classes at the Neighborhood Playhouse.

Superhuman Drive

To prepare for The Color of Money, he learned to shoot pool. For Born on the
Fourth of July, he spent a year on and off in a wheelchair and even asked to
take a serum that would have paralyzed him for two days (they said no).

For Days of Thunder, he learned to race stock cars at 185 mph. He helped produce
the 1996 film Mission: Impossible and the 2000 sequel.

For fun, he's taken his mother skydiving, he's a pilot and he learned how to
cook by videotaping a friend as he prepared meals.

Quiz

True or false? Cruise's love scenes with wife Nicole Kidman in Eyes Wide Shut
were easy to portray.

False

"It was difficult, but Nic and I grew together making the movie. It's very
wrenching to play out feelings of jealousy with your own wife ... It was hard,
because you couldn't help but bring home the stuff from the movie. I'm just glad
we made the movie now. It would've been a lot to ask to do it in the first year
of our relationship," Cruise tells the Los Angeles Times.

Hot Buttons

When Cruise married Nicole Kidman in 1990, the news media rumour machine went
into overdrive: Maybe she's pregnant, maybe he's sterile, maybe he's gay, maybe
she's a salaried wife, maybe the Church of Scientology arranged it (the couple
belong to the quasi-religion). Cruise and Kidman have denied all the rumours.

Cruise tells People: "I just go, 'You know what, guys? This is not OK. My kids
go to school, and they have friends, and things go out on the Internet. Stop it.
It is not OK."

Quiz

True or false? Cruise and Kidman won a libel case over allegations that their
marriage was a "sham."

True

In 1998, the dynamic duo won substantial damages in a libel suit and got a
public apology from Britain's Express Newspapers. The publisher apologized for a
1997 article that claimed their marriage was an arrangement ordered by the
Church of Scientology and hid the fact that he or she is gay. It said Cruise was
impotent and sterile and the couple adopted their children as "some dictate of
fashion."

Good Samaritan

In March 1996, he saw a young woman in Santa Monica get hit by a car as she
walked to a bus stop. The driver sped away. Cruise accompanied the victim to the
hospital, and when it became clear she had no insurance, he paid for her
emergency room bill.

In July 1996, at the London premiere of Mission: Impossible, two boys were
nearly crushed in the massive crowd, but Cruise pulled them to safety.

In 1998, he rescued a woman who was being attacked by muggers outside his London
home.

In 1990, while driving through Los Angeles, he pulled over when he noticed a
homeless man holding a sign saying "Will work for food."

Cruise emptied out his pockets for the man and gave him about $150.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Tom Cruise

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    March 1, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

COLUMN ONE

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; COLUMN ONE; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 750 words


A manuscript found is a manuscript bound/To be read before bed by Ted or by
Ned/Daisy-Head Mayzie's the name of the tome/They'll read it in Cairo, they'll
read it in Nome/And though it may not be Descartes or da Proust/It's always a
treat when the author is Seuss.

A Dr. Seuss book brings pleasure to child and adult alike; both can lose
themselves in the absurd situations and drawings, and the surreal musicality of
the language.

Daisy-Head Mayzie (Random House, $ 19) was written in the 1960s, and lay around
unpublished until the author's wife discovered it after his death in 1991.

The story, told in customary rhyme, concerns a young girl who discovers a
full-grown daisy popping out of her hair. It can't be pulled out, and when it
begins to wilt, so does Daisy. The Cat in the Hat makes an appearance at the
tale's end, which is a happy one, of course.

Though the story is bright, the language is not Dr. Seuss (aka Theodor S.
Geisel) at his best. Nothing here comes close to rivalling the wordplay in, say,
The Sleep Book, a Seuss classic, with its "Foona-Lagoona Baboona," and its
sing-songy "Moose juice, not goose juice, is juice for a moose/ And goose juice,
not moose juice, is juice for a goose."

The author's satirical voice has its sharpness, still, as he introduces a series
of characters who try to exploit Daisy's plight: the mayor, who uses the
incident as an election ploy; the doctor, who sees her as the ticket to his next
research grant; the oily talent agent (Finagle the Agent, by name), looking for
his cut of the action.

This is certainly not the author's best work. Still, even mediocre Seuss is
better than no Seuss at all.

-- Marke Andrews

VOX POPULI

NEW YORK -- Results of New York-based weekly Village Voice's 1994 Pazz and Jop
Critics Poll (listed by band, then title):

ALBUMS

1. Hole, Live Through This

2. Pavement, Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain

3. R.E.M., Monster

4. Nirvana, MTV Unplugged in New York

5. Neil Young and Crazy Horse, Sleeps With Angels

6. Liz Phair, Whip-Smart

7. Johnny Cash, American Recordings

8. Guided By Voices, Bee Thousand

9. Nine Inch Nails, The Downward Spiral

10. Beck, Mellow Gold

SINGLES

1. Beck, Loser

2. Veruca Salt, Seether

3. Coolio, Fantastic Voyage

4. Warren G., Regulate

5. Beastie Boys, Sabotage

6. R.E.M., What's the Frequency, Kenneth?

7. Pavement, Cut Your Hair

8. Hole, Doll Parts

9. Liz Phair, Supernova

10. Offspring, Come Out and Play

VIDEOS

1. Beastie Boys, Sabotage

2. Nine Inch Nails, Closer

3. Lucas, Lucas With the Lid Off

4. Weezer, Buddy Holly

5. Soundgarden, Black Hole Sun

(Poll compiles ballots from 298 critics)

-- Canadian Press

APPLAUSE, APPLAUSE

OTTAWA -- The National Arts Centre Orchestra gave its first performance in Paris
on Monday, and it brought down the house, as the group has been doing so far on
a European tour that's been attracting almost consistently full houses.

At about the same time as Finance Minister Paul Martin delivered a budget
reducing federal subsidies to the NAC and other cultural institutions, the
orchestra was wowing the audience at Paris's Theatre des Champs Elysees.

After the concert, orchestra management gave musicians written summaries of the
budget and its impact on the arts centre.

Cellist David Hutchenreuther said morale among the players was good despite the
sobering budget. "We've all been so happy with how everything has gone (on the
tour). We just want to keep our spirits up and concentrate on the music for the
rest of the tour."

thumbs up

The Green Thumb Theatre, a Vancouver company exploring social issues that relate
to youth, will host an Oscar Party Benefit at the Commodore Ballroom March 27.

Party-goers will be able to watch the Academy Awards on big-screen TV and will
be eligible to win door prizes including a trip for two to Los Angeles. Doors
open at 5:30 p.m.

Tickets to the party are $ 10 and available through TicketMaster at 280-4444.

Net proceeds will benefit The Green Thumb Theatre and B.C. Motion Picture
Pioneers.

The Green Thumb Theatre is also raffling 20 sweatshirts signed by Hollywood
stars such as Tim Allen, Kevin Costner, Al Pacino, and Tommy Lee Jones.

Tickets are $ 5.

-- Lindsay Kines

TV HIGHLIGHTS

There's nothing else worth watching tonight but The Grammy Awards (8 p.m. on CBS
and BCTV). For Canadian content, k.d. lang is due to perform (a duet with Tony
Bennett), and Celine Dion is a presenter.



LOAD-DATE: March 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 27, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

IMMIGRANT SLAPSTICK

SECTION: Section 7; Page 12, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 850 words


PANNA MARIA By Jerome Charyn.  447 pp. New York: Arbor House. Cloth, $17.50.
Priam Books. Paper, $9.50.

By RICHARD P.BRICKNER

JEROME CHARYN is the author of 15 previous novels (from ''Once Upon a Droshky''
to ''Darlin' Bill''). With ''Panna Maria'' it is as if he had written about 15
more. Set in New York City during the first two decades of our century, ''Panna
Maria'' - meaning Virgin Mary in Polish and, in this novel, the name of a
whorehouse - consists of 13 parts and 49 chapters. While it shows again Mr.
Charyn's vigorous imagination and talent, it is a novel severely enlarged.

''Panna Maria,'' which concerns the amatory, political and familial doings of
the brothel's Polish emigre occupants, the disreputable local leaders and their
thuggish rank and file, is arranged in more or less brief episodes that do not
develop an aggregate force. Among the novel's many characters are Stefan Wilde,
factotum of the whorehouse; his two loves - Matka, the madam, and Christina
Matlock, a nun who comes to Panna Maria to provide medical service; and Joseph,
Matka's - possibly also Stefan's - son. Though some continuity is established by
two of these characters who last for the book's entire length, the novel can't
be said to have a satisfactory shape.

Over the years, Stefan gives and takes the hard knocks that are made
inexpensively available in scene
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Richard P. Brickner's most recent novel, ''Tickets,'' has just been published in
paperback.
after scene by the novel's rowdy milieu. A statue of the Virgin addresses him at
the end: ''Stefan, you've murdered, you've bartered women, you've sold your son
into slavery.'' Stefan pleads in response: ''But I never got over the immigrant
ride ... steerage does something to you. ... You have to finagle a little if you
want to be a capitalist.'' Yet, for all its concentration on fighting, love,
sex, money and death, Mr. Charyn's novel is not absorbing; it does not touch.
The stuff of life here is filled and covered with words.

Only a very few of Charyn's characters are Jewish, and they are bit players.
''Panna Maria'' is, in fact, distinctly not about Jews. It is written, though,
in something like the tumultuous, fantastical, kinetic style that, while not
exclusive to Jewish fiction and not practiced universally by Jewish writers, one
associates for good reason with Isaac Babel, I.B. Singer, some Cynthia Ozick,
some Saul Bellow, some Bernard Malamud - among modern examples.

This is a style in which life is manic, swollen - people appear to tumble rather
than walk; earth is sky. It is prose that regards grief, comedy and magic - or,
at least, the amazing - as nearly commonplace. It is a prose style that in the
right hands may achieve fiction
of genius. As Emanuel Litvinoff explains in his introduction to the ''Penguin
Book of Jewish Short Stories,'' ''the most phenomenal upsurge of Jewish
creativity in modern times ... occurred in the Russian empire scarcely more than
100 years ago when Jewish writers changed from Hebrew to Yiddish ... a yeasty
language, alive with experience of sorrow, exile, the knockabout humor of the
marketplace.''

One cannot say categorically that such a style has no place in ''Panna Maria,''
which in a general way is about sorrow, exile and the marketplace. It must be
recognized too that aspects of this style are common to low-life fiction. Still,
Mr. Charyn's use of it puzzles and distracts: His characters seem Jewish - or
seem as if they should be - when they are not. Beyond this difficulty is the
frequent failure of Mr. Charyn's prose to render the sensations and activities
it is apparently meant to convey. Instead, the style is about itself, busy as
can be, but pedaling away on an Exercycle in a marathon.  Nothing is moving,
really, but the author's feet.

The book has moments that allow us to see what it might have been were it less
effortful and better proportioned. ''Why marry?'' Stefan says to Matka. ''We'll
live together, eat ice cream.'' Or, as Mr.  Charyn observes of Stefan: ''He
couldn't dominate Matka, so he called it love.'' Most of the language, however,
is frenetic, tending to the cute, the verbal equivalent of a Tom-and-Jerry
cartoon. ''Michael had a fistful of brothers.'' When a man in a carriage is
wearing fur, ''the carriage took off with half a mountain of silver fox.'' In
fights, a dozen inkpots are emptied on heads, chandelier crystal is embedded in
hair, a man being pummeled lies ''with his neck in the woodwork.'' ''Panna
Maria'' is protracted slapstick, energetic but not energizing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing of people

TYPE: review

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

They Heard America Playing

BYLINE: By ANTHONY TOMMASINI.

Critics for The Times play the role of curator.

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; IMAGINE THIS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1137 words


Virgil Thomson used the phrase ''the Commando Squad'' to describe a small band
of American composers, including himself, who took collective action in the
1930s to establish that there was such a thing as an American composer.

Though Thomson was puckishly invoking militaristic imagery here, the cause was
real, and he wrote about it vividly, especially in his 1966 autobiography.
Decades later, I got the story directly from the source during my frequent
visits to his apartment at the Chelsea Hotel when I was writing his biography.

Born in Kansas City, Mo., in 1896, Thomson came of age when American music, he
believed, remained beholden to European models. Turning yourself into an
American composer meant going to an American college or conservatory for basic
training, then heading to Europe to immerse yourself in the great heritage.

By the 1930s, many American composers had had enough. They had to take control
of their field, Thomson argued: set up associations to publish and perform their
own works; finagle their ways into established institutions; and assert
themselves with distinctive, if varied, American personalities. Hence his
description of the five-member Commando Squad, loosely led by Aaron Copland and
whose other enlistees were Roger Sessions, Walter Piston and Roy Harris.

Asked to organize a fantasy festival, I would present overlooked symphonic and
chamber works by this posse of Americans. When was the last time you heard a
performance of Thomson's fresh, beguiling and wildly unconventional ''Symphony
on a Hymn Tune'' or Piston's elegant Viola Concerto, with its sublime slow
movement?

I fret over the neglect of many Thomson works. The two wondrously daffy, oddly
affecting operas he wrote with Gertrude Stein, ''Four Saints in Three Acts'' and
''The Mother of Us All,'' have found important champions and turn up in
productions. But when will some major company do a full staging of his final
opera, ''Lord Byron,'' with a libretto by the poet, playwright and actor Jack
Larson? Commissioned by the Metropolitan Opera but never performed there, ''Lord
Byron'' could be a dream-come-true publicity project, if only because the
charming Mr. Larson is a pop culture icon: During the 1950s, he played Jimmy
Olsen in ''The Adventures of Superman'' television series.

My debt to Thomson, who died at 92 in 1989, is something I think about every
day. When I started writing reviews for The Boston Globe in the mid-1980s,
Thomson, one of the most important, lively and stylish music critics of all
time, became my mentor. I would send him photocopies of every review I wrote for
The Globe, then report periodically to the Chelsea Hotel for Thomson's
post-mortem analyses. I still have those copies with his penciled-in comments.

But back to the Commando Squad. Thomson overstated the cohesiveness of this
group. There were real tensions among its members. The easygoing Copland became
the leader because he was the one person everyone else trusted. Piston shared
Thomson's conviction that American composers should work on their own behalf.
But he was no rabble-rouser. By 1926, he was teaching at Harvard, where he
remained for decades, thriving in academia. Thomson thought Piston a pompous
pedant. Still, securing a beachhead in a major university was good for the
cause.

Harris, a laconic Oklahoman, gave his music a homespun authenticity that
audiences responded to. Sessions was the group's uncompromising intellectual. He
had long supported Copland's efforts to organize composers. But he dismissed the
idea that there could be an ''American school'' and thought all works should be
held to rigorous international standards.

Still, the Commando Squad, though short-lived, scored some victories, including
publication ventures and the founding of composer alliances. Copland and Thomson
believed that, besides turning out concert works, composers should be engaged
with the real world and write incidental music for the theater, pieces for
student ensembles, whatever was needed. Copland was proud that his original
score for the 1949 film ''The Heiress'' earned him an Academy Award. That same
year, Thomson won the Pulitzer Prize for the suite from his film score to
''Louisiana Story.'' He is still the only composer to have received this
prestigious award for film music.

So, what about my festival? For one program, I would draft Alan Gilbert and the
New York Philharmonic to perform symphonies and film scores by Copland and
Thomson. The concert could open with Copland's suite from ''Our Town,'' the
wistfully beautiful score he composed for the classic 1940 film version of the
Thornton Wilder play. This would be followed by Thomson's Suite from ''Louisiana
Story,'' little heard these days. Audiences would be swept away by the plaintive
beauty and folkloric character of the music.

After intermission would come Copland's vibrant Short Symphony, completed in
1933 when he was embroiled in Commando Squad activism. The final work would be
Thomson's sui generis ''Symphony on a Hymn Tune.'' Though completed in 1928, it
languished until it was given its belated premiere by the New York Philharmonic
in a 1945 performance conducted by Thomson. At the time, he was the chief
classical music critic of The New York Herald Tribune, a conflict of interest
that would be outrageous today.

For the other symphonic program, I would again draft the Philharmonic but
present the concert at Carnegie Hall and ask Marin Alsop to conduct. It would
open with one of Piston's smart, inventive Neo-Classical symphonies, perhaps the
Second (1943) or the Sixth (1955), both of which I admire. I would couple a
symphony with Piston's remarkable 1957 Viola Concerto, with the Philharmonic's
superb principal violist, Cynthia Phelps, as soloist. After intermission? How
about Harris's unabashedly American, big-hearted Third Symphony, composed in
1939?

In between, there could be a chamber music evening, maybe at Le Poisson Rouge in
Greenwich Village to lend a little downtown atmosphere to my festival. How about
the violinist Jennifer Koh and the pianist Benjamin Hochman, two exciting
artists of the new generation (who happen to be married), in Copland's stirring
Violin Sonata (1943) and Sessions's involving, intricate Duo (1942)?

After intermission, the brilliant pianist and contemporary-music champion Blair
McMillen could play Sessions's bracing Second Piano Sonata (1946). To end, Mr.
McMillen could be the soloist in an inexplicably neglected work from the
mid-1920s: Harris's Concerto for String Quartet, Piano and Clarinet. I'd pick
the clarinetist Anthony McGill and the Brentano String Quartet to join Mr.
McMillen.

Harris's pulsing, restless chamber concerto exudes spunky vitality and romantic
fervor. Here is the voice of a member of the Commando Squad in good standing.

Virgil would be pleased.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/14/arts/music/copland-thomson-and-others-in-a-fan
tasy-music-festival.html

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: ''The Commando Squad'' members Aaron Copland, left, and Virgil
Thomson, center
in a fantasy festival, Alan Gilbert, right, could lead the New York Philharmonic
in a program of their works. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC LEON LEVY
DIGITAL ARCHIVES
SAM FALK/THE NEW YORK TIMES
 RUBY WASHINGTON/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (C2) DRAWING (DRAWING BY DAVID PLUNKERT)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 3, 2012 Friday
                                 First EDITION

Badminton on radar, but in worst way possible

BYLINE: Mike Lopresti

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 601 words


So this is the badminton venue. Which way to the cheating?

One day after the shuttlecock hit the fan, the sport rambled on Thursday. Yes,
all eyes have been on badminton at the Olympics, and it's not often you can say
that.

This has become the Games of odd exits. First Twitter expulsions, now women
tanking badminton matches.

Whatever happened to good old-fashioned doping?

But the lesson from Wembley Arena this week: Any sport can get itself caught in
a wringer, if enough people don't think.

"Any sport is not immune from something, some kind of hurdle that they have to
jump," Canada's coach Ram Nayyar concurred. "There was an issue; the issue was
resolved."

For the record, the Chinese rolled over the Russians and Japan held off Canada
in the semifinals of the star-crossed women's doubles. Even better, everyone
seemed to be trying to win.

The sports of badminton had survived to swat another day.

Fear not, all you Russian and Canadian badminton fans out there, because they
will still play for the bronze, the last place they expected to be two days ago.
The Canadians are ranked 28th in the world and the Russians 18th; both had been
eliminated and were halfway out the Olympic Village door when they were called
back. Suddenly, there were vacancies in the quarterfinals.

"We couldn't believe what was happening," Nina Vislova of Russia said Thursday.
"We were going to do some sightseeing and see London. We thought there would be
talking and nothing else."

As the world now knows, four pairs tried to finagle their way into more
comfortable quarterfinal matches by taking a powder on their pool games. Two
from South Korea, one from China, one from Indonesia. Then the global news media
jumped aboard.

A scandal in badminton? What next, a brawl in synchronized swimming?

"It's a shame that it's in the news. It was not good advertising for badminton,"
Vislova said.

By all accounts, the boos at Wembley Arena could have carried to Wales, but how
angry would you be to pay up to $115 to watch badminton and see competitors not
put forth enough effort to fog a mirror?

Nobody looks good here. A Chinese coach admitted he was in on it. The potential
for chicanery was created by the event's structure, with the rules of the
pool-play tournament giving teams a good reason to want to lose. Bad idea by
somebody.

But then, the NFL has that issue, too, as everyone wondered how hard the
Indianapolis Colts would be playing last December, lest they blow the draft pick
to take Andrew Luck.

"It's unbelievable that top teams would behave in such a manner," Vislova said.

Look at the biggest, most heinous villains of these Games. Including Indonesia's
Greysia Polii -- all 5-3 of her.

That could not have gone down well in Jakarta. Indonesia, the fourth-most
populated nation on the planet, has six Olympic gold medals in its history. All
in badminton. The nation's first winner was treated to a two-hour parade in
1992, with a giant shuttlecock at the head of the procession.

Another of the disqualified was top-ranked Yu Yang, who announced her sudden
retirement Thursday via China's version of Twitter. The shame would be if she
left in disgrace because her coach ordered her to take a dive.

But this is China. There are probably 100,000 players ready to take her place.

What did China's gold medal finalists think?

From Tian Qing: "Tomorrow is the final match. I want to focus on that." From
Zhao Yunlei: "Sorry. I don't want to talk about that."

So there was both silence and loud noises Thursday from Scandal Central.
Controversy had raged in badminton. And so many Americans think it just comes
with a picnic basket.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           January 24, 2009 Saturday

No way to honor 9/11 victims

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 375 words


In light of the state's budget deficit, the national recession and local-aid
reductions, most municipalities in Massachusetts are looking to cut costs
everywhere and anywhere.

That's not quite the case in Peabody.

The Peabody City Council this week approved funding for a new police contract
that includes designating Sept. 11, the anniversary of the terrorist attacks, as
a holiday, including 25 percent extra pay for those officers who work that day.
The vote was 7-4. We commend the four councilors who voted against the deal.

Of the approximately 100 members of the Peabody Police Department, about 30 are
expected to work on Sept. 11. Those employees will get 25 percent extra pay, and
the remainder will get a day off at regular pay.

Union leaders argued for the holiday, claiming it's an appropriate way to honor
emergency workers who responded to the 2001 terrorist attacks in New York and
Washington, D.C. But others, including survivors of some Sept. 11 victims,
disagree. And they're right.

Demanding a paid day off and additional pay for those who work does not honor
victims of the terrorist attack or rescue workers. It, in fact, dishonors them.

To us, this contract smacks of exploitation and manipulation. It is absolutely
outrageous that the Peabody police officers' union would use the terrorist
attack to finagle another holiday out of the community.

We might be able to understand if police officers and firefighters in, oh,
perhaps New York City lobbied for a holiday to be spent in remembrance and at
memorial services. But those rescue workers aren't lobbying for the day off, in
all likelihood because they know that the best way to truly honor the fallen
heroes of that day is to continue doing the job.

The valiant men and women who spent countless hours pulling broken and bloody
bodies from the wreckage of the Twin Towers and the Pentagon, and who gave aid
to the injured and inconsolable, are not looking to capitalize on that tragic
time.

But there is no doubt that every time Sept. 11 arrives, those men and women
remember. They remember the smoke and the screams; they remember the death and
destruction. Most of all, they remember their friends and colleagues who
perished that day.

The Peabody police union should be ashamed.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 5, 1999, Tuesday, Home Edition

Editorials: Team halts city's fall from grace

BYLINE: Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 382 words

Just a year ago, Atlanta was brimming with excuses for civic pride.

The Falcons, who played under the largest dome on the planet, were proving
themselves all but unbeatable on their way to meet the superhuman Denver Broncos
in the Super Bowl.

Atlantans were still basking in the afterglow of the largest Olympic games ever,
which had proved --- once and for all --- that this city is world-class.

Atlanta even found a perverse pride in being the national standout in out-
of-control growth, capturing the No. 1 spot on the Sierra Club's ranking of most
sprawl-crazed places.

Oh, how the mighty have fallen.

With a quarter of the season behind them, the Falcons seem determined to
vindicate the naysayers who slandered them and their championship season as a
fluke. However, given the unpredictable injuries to critical players, Atlanta
might have withstood that indignity --- had it been the only one.

But now it seems that even the Georgia Dome will lose its world's-biggest
status. Atlanta is being Y2-KO'd by Greenwich, England, and its Millennium Dome,
which is twice the size of the birds' yard. And judging by The New York Times
description of the dome as being "awash in corporate logos," it might even
eclipse Turner's downtown monster sign for market-driven gaudiness.

The Olympic afterglow, meanwhile, has started to look more like radioactive
fallout. The sporting feats themselves, and the athletes who performed them,
will forever remain untarnished.

But the host city now is remembered for two things: the commercial tackiness of
its streets during the Games and the revelations of shady methods to finagle
them.

Surely, though, no one can dethrone Atlanta as King of Sprawl? Not so fast. The
region has been betrayed this year by the same Sierra Club that crowned us last
year. In its latest report, Georgia gets high(ish) marks among states that have
plans to address sprawl. (It would be advisable to keep the champagne on ice,
though, till the paper plans are put into place.)

After all that has befallen the city, is there no unsullied point of pride, no
legitimate source of bragging rights left?

Ah, but there is one, a reliable old friend who for darn near a decade has made
October a month to cherish and is about to do so again.

Go Braves.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 2, 2013 Saturday

CRIME FICTION

BYLINE: MARGARET CANNON

SECTION: BOOK REVIEW; Pg. R16

LENGTH: 711 words


Sacrilege

By S.J. Parris, Doubleday Canada, 422pages, $22

It's 1584 and Giordano Bruno, philosopher, magician, heretic, soldier of
fortune, is loose in London, and someone is following him. That's the opening of
this excellent third novel in the Elizabethan series by S.J. Parris.

Death is always close in Bruno's world. Many people would like to see Sir
Francis Walsingham's agent dead, but this time the stalker turns out to be a
woman, one whom Bruno loved. She's been accused of murder and is on the run.
Bruno goes to Canterbury in hopes of saving her, but his investigation of a
murder leads him to deviltry in England's holiest shrine, leading in turn to the
highest court in the land.

There are a couple of cavils here. Bruno - burned at the stake for heresy in
1600 - was far too brilliant to be as plodding a detective as he seems, and the
love affair is a mishmash, but these are minor.

Parris has the flavour of the times and the historical details to hand, and
anyone who can turn Giordano Bruno into a fictional character has talent to
burn.

The Scottish Banker

of Surabaya

By Ian Hamilton, House of Anansi, 472 pages, $19.95

Ava Lee, intrepid money hunter, returns for the fifth time in this smart and
stylish novel of financial crime. Fans know Ava as the slick Chinese-Canadian
forensic accountant who searches out those who try to finagle debts past her
mysterious "Uncle." If you aren't already an Ava Lee devotee, this is a good
book to start.

The very word "Surabaya" evokes images of refined jungle grandeur. Reality is a
bit less exotic.

Ava is on the trail of what she believes to be an ordinary Ponzi scheme, not
really worthy of her interest, but Uncle is ill and money is missing. The trail
takes her to Indonesia, where she discovers a very mysterious bank run by a very
enterprising Scot.

But the bank is far from what it seems, the Scot is not a nice man, and Ava's
simple Ponzi scheme is far deeper and more dangerous than she surmised. This is
definitely the darkest Ava Lee novel yet, one with some really strange twists.
Hamilton, of Burlington, Ont., knows how to blend exotic places with explosive
plots.

A Cold And Lonely Place

By Sara J. Henry, Crown,

290 pages, $28

The second Troy Chance novel is every bit as good as the first, which won an
Anthony Award. Henry has a great setting in small-town New York, where winter
sports reign and the local Ice Festival is big news. Troy Chance is there when
the builders start sawing out the huge blocks of ice on Saranac Lake to built
the winter carnival's ice palace. But when the ice reveals the dead body of a
man, one whom Chance knows, it's a whole new world for the intrepid local
reporter.

Henry has a great eye for the small details of local life, and she keeps her
plot clean and her characters moving. She gives a nod to Dame Ngaio Marsh, a
deeply under-read Golden Age writer whose detective, Roderick Alleyn, marries
artist Agatha Troy, who features in several of Marsh's novels. Troy Chance owes
a lot to Agatha Troy Alleyn, and Henry's style owes a lot to Marsh's artful
tales of country murder.

Extinction

By Mark Alpert, St. Martin's,384 pages, $29.99

Science thrillers are either very good or very bad. The difference lies in the
author's ability to explain the science and convince the reader that it's
possible. Michael Crichton (The Andromeda Strain, Jurassic Park) was a master of
the genre. Extinction, by Mark Alpert, is almost as good.

What if the Chinese developed an artificial intelligence capable of taking over
a human host, turning men and women into technological zombies. If you're
thinking about Dr. Who's Daleks, think again. This is a much more real AI, one
that military scientists are working on now - a little something to add to those
drones that can be directed against jeeps in the Yemeni desert by technicians in
Florida bunkers.

Enter Jim Pierce, ex-soldier, father, specialist in the development of highly
functioning prosthetic devices. Pierce's daughter, Layla, has disappeared. Layla
is a hacker, and one of her last hacks led her afoul of the Chinese authorities.
Pierce goes on the trail, aided by a woman who's technically blind. Great
science fiction meets fine plotting. The characters aren't deep, but no one will
really care.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 April 3, 2009

ForwardLookingBack

SECTION: Fast Forward; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 417 words


100 Years Ago

in the forward

The world's most beloved Germanlanguage  actor, Adolf Sonenthal, has  died of an
apoplectic fit in Prague at  the age of 75. Born in Budapest to a  family of
Jewish fabric merchants,  Sonenthal grew up in that city's Jewish  quarter.
Although he received  a good education, Sonenthal was  drawn to the theater, and
this troubled  his parents greatly. They convinced  him to go to the university,
but his studies ended in the wake  of the 1848 European Revolutions,  which
ruined his family financially.  Though Sonenthal ended up having  to work as a
tailor's assistant, he  remained interested in theater and  attended
performances as often as he  could. In 1850, he traveled to Vienna  and managed
to finagle small roles.  His talent was recognized, and  quickly he became a
star. He was  considered to be a theatrical genius,

the greatest actor the German stage  ever saw.

75 Years Ago

in the forward

The 170 Jewish prisoners in the  Northeastern Penitentiary, the new  federal
prison in Pennsylvania, have  gone on a hunger strike to protest  the scandal
surrounding an attempt  to provide them with special food for  Passover. Jewish
organizations typically  provide Jewish prisoners with  holiday foods and
arrange Seders for  them. This year, however, the Federal  Prison Administration
has forbidden  delivery of food from private sources.  After a failed protest by
the prison  chaplain, the warden arranged for  matzot to be purchased by the
prison  itself, with its own funds. As a result,  the Christian prisoners
protested and  complained that Jewish prisoners  were getting special treatment.
A  riot broke out in the dining hall after  the protesters set upon the Jewish
prisoners. After all that's been said  and done, the Jewish prisoners have
decided to fast rather than take the  prison-bought matzot.

50 Years Ago

in the forward

In the wake of a false alarm that

briefly put Israel on war footing and  caused the recent mobilization of its
army reserves, Prime Minister David  Ben-Gurion ordered the creation of  a
special committee to investigate  why the false alarm occurred. While  an
announcement was made an  hour after the mobilization, declaring  it a false
alarm, it was cause for  great concern to the prime minister,  who was attending
a concert in Tel  Aviv in honor of the Belgian queen  mother, Elizabeth.
Although Finance  Minister Levi Eshkol apologized for  the error in the Knesset,
the opposition,  unamused, called for a full  investigation.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              July 17, 2011 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; THE WEEK AT A GLANCE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 270 words


QUOTED + NOTED

"That's not a good thing for the marketplace."

-- MICHAEL F. CONSEDINE

Pennsylvania insurance commissioner, acknowledging the state may intervene in
the heated public dispute between UPMC and Highmark to assure that consumers
aren't harmed by the lack of a contract between the health care giants

"Any other increase is another nail in the coffin, unfortunately."

-- RICHARD RATTNER

Shadyside Chamber of Commerce president, after a Pittsburgh Parking Authority
official said another boost in parking meter fees may be necessary in certain
neighborhoods to subsidize an upgrade and replacement of meters

"If that man was on fire and I had to piss to put him out, I wouldn't do it."

-- JAMES HARRISON

Steelers linebacker, as quoted in Men's Journal magazine ripping NFL
commissioner Roger Goodell, who fined Harrison $100,000 last year as one of a
number of NFL front office actions that angered Steelers players

YOU DON'T SAY?

* Marine Sgt. Scott Moore, from Grove City, used a 19-second YouTube invitation
to finagle a date with Hollywood actress Mila Kunis, who agreed to attend
November's Marine Corps Ball with the soldier she has never met.

* Although Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has said 500 people would be
invited to his wedding on Saturday to Ashley Harlan, a physician's assistant
from New Castle, various details such as where it will take place have been a
closely guarded secret.

ADVANCE PLANNING

Gov. Tom Corbett's Marcellus Shale Advisory Commission is to issue a report
Friday providing policy and legislative recommendations for how Pennsylvania
should handle the boom in natural gas drilling.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE WEEK AT A GLANCE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday

Local sci-fi comedy comes to DVD, Cinematique

BYLINE: Rick de Yampert, Rick de Yampert ENTERTAINMENT WRITER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 508  words


A film studio janitor's errant date with a starlet leads to time- traveling
misadventures in "Flashback," a sci-fi adventure comedy movie created by "three
guys in their DeLand garage."

The film's three creators include director-writer Brendan Rogers of DeLand,
actor-writer Will Phillips of DeLand and actor- cinematographer-FX artist John
Mondelli of Daytona Beach, who collectively founded And You Films, a local
film/video production company.

"Flashback" will be released Tuesday on DVD and will be available online at
Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Books-A-Million, Target and other retailers, said a
press release from And You Films.

A DVD release party and screening will be held at 9 p.m. Tuesday at Cinematique
Theater in Daytona Beach.

Set in the distant future, "Flashback" tells the tale of Jack Taylor (played by
Port Orange resident Andrew Ramos), who's the last human janitor at Flashback
Films. It's a time when robots are replacing the studio's workforce, and time
travel is used by filmmakers to collect props from the past.

After Jack plunges the movie studio into chaos as he tries to finagle a date
with starlet Tiffany Sloane (Alexa Cappiello), he commandeers the studio's time
machine to undo his mistakes -- and ends up discovering an explosive corporate
conspiracy.

"Flashback" is "the passion project of three young guys working from their
garage in between classes, day jobs and the business of life," said a press
release from Rogers, Phillips and Mondelli. Both Mondelli and Phillips, a former
director of video and photography in the marketing department at Stetson
University in DeLand, currently work full time with And You Films. Rogers also
works as an adjunct professor of theater at Stetson.

"Flashback" was filmed during four summer sessions from 2005 to 2008, with
numerous scenes shot on the Stetson campus and the trio's "own living rooms."

The film's special effects were created using Adobe Photoshop and After Effects
and took nearly three years to complete.

The three producers say they "collectively wore nearly all hats in the business"
including lighting, sound, costumes, makeup, art design, practical effects,
visual effects, editing and songwriting. The only production matters handled by
outside workers were a CG (computer-generated) dinosaur created by a team of
computer animators, and the original film score composed by George Shaw.

The cast includes actors from throughout Central Florida, including Ramos, a
member of the Daytona-area comedy improv troupe Random Acts of Insanity. The
cast also includes "hundreds of extras played by family, friends and the Stetson
University community," the press release said.

Other cast members include Rogers as Skitulz, Mondelli as Rufus Lucas, Phillips
as Lamar Garret, Chris Heidt as J.R. (Janitor Robots) and Raymond Cardet as Raul
Burton.

If You Go

WHAT: "Flashback" DVD release party and screening

WHEN: 9 p.m. Tuesday

WHERE: Cinematique Theater, 242 S. Beach St., Daytona Beach

ADMISSION: $5

INFORMATION: 386-252-3118 or cinematique.org; view trailer at flashbackmovie.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General Information

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 12, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Techsavvy;
 Free access to Internet

BYLINE: Sue Cleere, Jacki Rudd, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Personal Technology; Pg. 1P

LENGTH: 492 words

Dear Sue and Jacki:

Will you provide me with the companies that provide free Internet access?
--- Larry Morrow Sr., Rome

Sue: There are tons. Your e-mail address indicated you already are using AOL. Do
a simple Web search for "free Internet," and you'll find a slew of options.

Jacki: Here are a few that we dug out: Juno (juno.com), Free ISP (www.isps-
free.com/) or freeinternet (www.freeinternet.com/).

Sue: Freeinternet.com made getting online a piece of cake. In a few clicks I
downloaded the application and set up my computer. It even has a Mac client.

Jacki: Also, if you are currently not online, sweet-talk a buddy who has
Internet access into helping you sign up. Many sites will ask you to register
online, download configuration information and necessary dial-up applications.
Or many of them will ship you a CD with everything you need.

Dear Sue and Jacki:

I need help with e-mail, I just don't know how to: send link, send page, forward
message, carbon copy, blind copy. Can you suggest anywhere I can get help?
--- Henry Reid, St. Simons Island

Sue: You know, Henry, Jacki's trying real hard to finagle a trip to St. Simons
out of this. She's a lighthouse freak and always dreams up excuses to get there.

Jacki: Hey, be nice. There are several tutorials at your fingertips, depending
on your e-mail client. If you are new to e-mail, go to Newbie-U
(www.newbie-u.com/) and click on the e-mail link. You can pick up some basics.

Sue: Newbie-U also has links that explain specific information about how to use
three of the biggie e-mail clients: Microsoft, Netscape and Eudora. You also
could hit the FAQs or tech support links for these clients.
Microsoft: support.microsoft.com/directory/;
Netscape: help.netscape.com/faqs/mail.html;
or Eudora: www.eudora.com/techsupport/tutorials/.

Dear Sue and Jacki:

I have an iMac and an Epson 740 printer. When I changed from Navigator 4.0 to
Netscape Communicator 4.7, the printer prints tiny print and pictures from the
Net. The printer prints OK in everything but Communicator. I installed Apple's
firmware and patch 1.1. Suggestions?
--- William Akers, Decatur

Jacki: It sounds like your Page Setup needs a little tweakin'.

Sue: From File, select Page Setup and change Page Attributes to Netscape
Communicator. In there you will see an option to Fit to Page if possible.
Deselect that option.

Jacki: Also, take a look at Scale while you are in Page Setup. Is it set to 20
percent or something? Bump up the percentage. Once you've deselected it, be
aware that you may end up printing extra pages (usually blank) that pick up the
edges of the page. When you print, take a guess at how many pages it might be
and change your page range.

Sue: Page Setup options may vary depending on your printer driver.

Do you have a question for TechSavvy? If so, please e-mail us. Include your full
name, a phone number and where you live.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   October 20, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Legislators showing signs of developing fiscal sanity

BYLINE: Staff

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 436 words

FOR THE first time in decades, the federal budget is balanced. We aren't running
horrific deficits. Workers' retirement funds aren't being jeopardized to pay for
White House calligraphers or mussel research in Maine.

But the budget dance continues between Republicans who want tighter reins on
spending and the Clinton White House, which wants to finance the campaign of Al
Gore (and Hillary Rodham Clinton?) through the federal Treasury. Republicans ---
no saints in the budget brawls with their spending sprees and budgetary tricks
--- are nevertheless trying to hold the line on spending and new taxes with
across-the-board spending cuts. The president wants more spending and higher
tobacco taxes to pay for it. Wield the veto, soak the smoker.

Across-the-board cuts are a sure favorite over higher spending and more taxes.
Out of a $ 594 billion spending package, we aren't talking big bucks here. A 1
percent cut results in a savings of $ 3.4 billion. Clinton, for his part, vetoed
a foreign aid bill over a relatively minor $ 2 billion, and is threatening
vetoes if he doesn't get a few billion more for new education programs. To
finagle a balance, GOP negotiators have shifted regular expenses, such as for
the census count, into the off-budget "emergency" category. And here's another
gimmick: They're thinking of shifting a payday for federal workers by a few days
(on paper, of course). Projected savings: $ 5.8 billion.

While such relatively minor amounts are prompting political hand-wringing and
veto threats, in economic circles the squabbling is overlooked by an historic
development: Neither party is attempting to raid Social Security surpluses. This
is unprecedented. Politicians have regularly raided those surpluses for 30 years
to make operating deficits appear smaller. Now that there is no operating
deficit, both parties have resolved to leave Social Security alone.

The effects could be profound. On a $ 3.7 trillion national debt, taxpayers fork
up $ 243 billion in annual interest payments. By 2009, interest payments would
drop to $ 71 billion. Some $ 1.9 trillion in Social Security surpluses are
projected over the next nine years; if they materialize and are used to pay down
the debt, instead of being spent, the nation's savings rate will rise, interest
rates will decline and we might find some wiggle room to overhaul Social
Security.

So while the two parties quibble over this year's budget, Americans would do
well to focus on the bigger picture: If politicians actually keep their mitts
off Social Security, Washington could well be on a path to fiscal sanity.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Sauk Centre Herald (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 22, 2011

True musical tribute;
From the Heart

BYLINE: Sauk Centre Herald staff

LENGTH: 632  words


Where you saw George Servatius, you saw Nellie, especially when it had to do
with music.

That was the case in mid-November at the Melrose American Legion when George
played his concertina for the Melrose Lions senior citizens meal, Nellie sitting
on a chair right next to him, joining in on songs.

George smiled at me as he continued playing and I snapped his photo. Who would
have figured it was the last photo I would take of this music man?

It's still hard to believe George is dead; passing away peacefully, although
unexpectedly.

I've done umpteen stories about George over the years, each one a learning
experience for me. I remember the first time I walked into his studio, an
added-on-to street car, filled with music memorabilia with photos of his bands
hanging on the wall.

We sat down around a small table in front of the window overlooking the country
road that runs past their rural Melrose home, Nellie sitting on one side of me
and George on the other, watching the squirrels playing around the yard. At
least once during our interviews I would somehow finagle a question trying to
figure out how old George was, but he never told me. Age wasn't important to
him. Music was.

I spent longer than I planned interviewing George and Nellie. It always was more
about visiting then interviewing. Last week Nellie told me they knew it was
something important when "Carol starting writing things down with her left
hand."

I found out George and I had something in common-writing. George loved to write,
especially poems, Nellie told me last Friday, as she handed me "The Musical
Adventures of George Servatius," written by George in 1986 after he was inducted
into the Concertina Hall of Fame. It tells how he was self-taught, beginning at
age 10, practicing and studying up to six hours a day. He organized several
groups and combos during his high school years and played concertina with a
local six-piece band as a teenager. He owned and operated "George Servatius
Dance Band," featuring the concertina, playing in every major ballroom in his
area, with weekly radio broadcasts on KEYL Radio. He was a co-organizer and
trumpet-playing member of the Melrose Clown Band. He co-organized and hosted the
National Concertina Festival in St. Cloud, along with Tony and Betty Wolf, Pat
Watters and Cy Zakry. He composed and arranged music, repaired instruments and
taught music lessons to close to 800 students, young and old, including my
nephew Aaron.

Many of his students attended his funeral Mass, which was a true tribute to "Mr.
Music," as George was known. In fact, one former student, Bob Doyle, served
Mass. The other adult server, Tony Niehaus, served on the Melrose Mutual
Insurance Company with George; a board that George was president of for over 45
years.

Before Mass, Dan Remer, also a former student of George's, played concertina
music. Bob Mueller, walking into church with his mother, Millie, whispered to
me, "Now don't get up and dance."

It sure felt like one of George and Nellie's concertina parties, where the
dancefloor was always full.

Nellie told me at the funeral home Wednesday night, fellow concertina player and
former student Ron Schmidt asked if he could play George's concertina laying on
a table. Of course, she said yes, and before long someone else was playing it.
And then the Nite Owls played music in the background. What a true tribute to a
man known as "Mr. Music."

"It was just like a mini-concertina party," Nellie told me, tears welling up in
her eyes. Nellie told me George is the last of the Melrose Clown Band members to
pass away. It must have been one heck of a Clown Band reunion when George
arrived in Heaven.

No doubt, they are making Heavenly music this Christmas. What a sight! What a
sound!

By the way George, I finally found out how old you are!

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAU

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Sauk Centre Herald


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      February 24, 2003 Monday 1ST EDITION

McCaffrey top target because of bottom line Cap relief behind Broncos' desire to
rework contract

BYLINE: Adam Schefter , Denver Post Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 1235 words


INDIANAPOLIS - Denver Broncos wide receiver Ed McCaffrey and coach  Mike
Shanahan will meet this week to determine whether one of  Denver's most popular
athletes will finish his career with the  team.

Each side would like McCaffrey to stay, but contractual  circumstances also
could prevent it.

The Broncos are more than $ 20 million over the NFL salary cap and  will be
forced to cut at least five players, possibly more, before  the free-agent
signing period starts Friday.

Broncos officials and agents gathered in Indianapolis for the NFL  combine said
the Broncos are expected to release offensive linemen  Lennie Friedman and Blake
Brockermeyer, defensive linemen Chester  McGlockton and Kavika Pittman and
cornerback Denard Walker.

Running back Terrell Davis will, at the very least, have his  contract
restructured, though he could wind up being cut.

Other players could face a similar fate as the Broncos prepare to  trim enough
payroll to get under the $ 74.8 million salary cap.

Of all the financial decisions Denver must make this week, none  will be more
delicate than the one involving McCaffrey, who is  cheered more than any Broncos
player but is scheduled to count  $ 4.14 million against the salary cap.

'I have no problem trying to do something to lower my cap number  to help our
team bring in and sign other players,' said McCaffrey,  one of the first free
agents Shanahan signed after he became the  Broncos' coach in January 1995. 'My
feeling on restructuring is  that, as long as it's fair to both parties, I would
not have a  problem with it.'

High-level meetings with other notable veterans have not always  resulted in
happy endings.

Former Broncos standouts Steve Atwater and Alfred Williams faced  similar
situations. The Broncos proposed lowering their base  salaries while offering
incentives that would not count against the  team's salary cap that season.
Neither player accepted the deal.

If the Broncos opted to finagle McCaffrey's contract, they would  reduce his
scheduled $ 3.5 million base salary to free cap space.  The Broncos also might
need to compensate McCaffrey, who is  scheduled to collect $ 6.65 million from
2002-03 while fellow  starting wide receiver Rod Smith collects more than $ 15
million.

If the Broncos released McCaffrey, they would save $ 1.6 million but  lose one
of their most accomplished and popular players. Teams with  a need at wide
receiver that then would be expected to bid for  McCaffrey would include but not
be limited to Dan Reeves' Atlanta  Falcons, Jim Fassel's New York Giants, the
San Diego Chargers and  the Miami Dolphins.

McCaffrey, 34, insisted he is heading into this week's meeting with  a positive
attitude, believing a deal will be struck with the  Broncos. He felt equally
optimistic about his physical condition,  which he admitted was not where he
would have liked it to be last

season.

Coming off a broken leg suffered in the Monday night regular-

season opener Sept. 10, 2001, against the Giants, McCaffrey was  told he would
need 18 months before he felt fully recovered. The  18-month mark will be March
10, and McCaffrey said he is ahead of  schedule, leading him to believe he is
poised for a banner season.

'This past week is the best I've felt in two years,' said  McCaffrey, who has
caught at least one pass in 68 consecutive  games, a Broncos record. 'I've been
lifting (weights) and running  since one week after the season, and I'm very
optimistic and very  enthusiastic about getting a good offseason's worth of work
in and  getting ready for training camp.

'The way I feel now, I forgot how good I could feel because I had  been playing
in pain so long.'

Other contractual situations will be easier for the Broncos to  resolve than
McCaffrey's. This week, Shanahan will be left with no  choice but transform
himself into a cross between a financial  planner and Edward Scissorhands.
Already the work has begun.

Davis' agent, Neil Schwartz, said he spent Friday morning meeting  with Shanahan
in Indianapolis, discussing various ways to give his  client a chance to
continue playing in Denver while giving the  Broncos salary-cap space. But
Schwartz declined to discuss how the  matter would play out, other than to say
it will be wrapped up this  week.

Shanahan also declined comment Sunday morning about how the Broncos  would solve
their salary-cap difficulties. But he said the Broncos  have a plan in place,
and he would not talk about it until he  speaks with the players this week.

Davis is expected to free up another $ 4 million and McCaffrey even  more in one
way or another.

Yet some of the decisions will be easier than others for the  Broncos.

Cutting Friedman and Brocker-

meyer, neither of whom started on Denver's offensive line last  season, will
save the Broncos nearly $ 1.2 million. Releasing  McGlockton

and Pittman, two players who did start on Denver's defensive line,  will save
the Broncos just about

$ 8 million.

Walker, a starting cornerback, has a $ 2 million roster bonus due  Friday, but
the Broncos are not expected to pay it. Declining the  payment would allow
Walker to be a free agent - the Tennessee  Titans and Arizona Cardinals would be
among the teams most  interested in talking with him - and save Denver almost $
2  million.

'I know they have some work to do and some problems to solve, and  I'm sure
they're going to be looking at a number of players,' said  agent John Hamilton,
who represents Walker.

Even though the math would seem to fall short of the $ 20 million  Denver needs,
Shanahan did not sound worried Sunday. He insisted  the Broncos will have no
difficulties getting under the salary cap  and having enough left over to pursue
other free agents.

'We'll be fine,' he said.

More relief will come later this offseason. The Broncos are  expected to release
quarterback Brian Griese after June 1, freeing  up another $ 4.9 million against
the salary cap this season but  costing them $ 6.9 million next season. Griese's
cap money this  season is likely to be used on signing Denver's 2003 draft
class,  as well as free agents who are released from their teams after June  1.

----------------------------------------

'I have no problem trying to do something to lower my cap number to  help our
team bring in and sign other players.'

Ed McCaffrey

Broncos

wide receiver  --------------------------

Capping it off

The Denver Broncos must trim more than $ 20 million before Friday.  Here is a
look at some of the places they can get the money:

PRIME CUTS

Player, position    Base salary    Salary cap fig     Savings

B. Brockermeyer, OT    $ 655,000    $ 1.45 million    $ 855,000

Lennie Friedman, G    $ 1.5 million    $ 2.31 million    $ 300,000

C. McGlockton, DT    $ 4 million    $ 6.45 million    $ 6 million

Kavika Pittman, DE    $ 2.75 million    $ 3.3 million    $ 1.8  million

Denard Walker, CB    $ 1.3 million    $ 4.16 million    $ 1.5 million

POSSIBLE CUTS OR RESTRUCTURES

Ed McCaffrey, WR    $ 3.5 million    $ 4.14 million    ?

Terrell Davis, RB    $ 4.7 million    $ 7.8 million    ?

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Associated Press/Jay LaPrete Veteran wide receiver Ed McCaffrey
is one player who could become a victim of the Denver Broncos' salary-cap woes.
PHOTO: McCaffrey

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

AVA High Line Doesn't Want Your Security Deposit, She Just Wants to Be Your
Friend

BYLINE: kvelseyobserver

LENGTH: 761 words


AVA High Line, developer Avalon Bay's first attempt to woo the hipsters of New
York, recently started leasing.

(https://www.facebook.com/AVAHighLine)

Hey, have you met AVA? AVA wants you to live "eclectic." To sit around the fire
pit, to BBQ with friends. To live like you want. That's literally AVA's anthem:
Live like you want.

AVA, we would like to clarify here. Are you merely a luxury rental in West
Chelsea? Or are you, as your Facebook page claims, "in a relationship with West
Chelsea"?

AVA High Line, as 282 Eleventh Avenue is officially known, also hopes to be in a
relationship with hundreds of tenants, having started leasing this spring for
her 710 units.

AVA says "our lobby is like nothing you've ever seen before!"

The other relationship AVA has, the slightly less cool one that does not involve
so much fire-pit sitting or hanging together in the "chill lounge," is with
Avalon Bay Communities, her parent company and a national luxury developer and
property manager known in New York for utterly forgettable properties like
Avalon Kips Bay and Avalon Midtown West. (The New York properties' major claim
to fame is that Avalon Bay was the first of several major New York City
developments the U.S. Attorney's Office filed suit against for not being
disabled-accessible enough; the company eventually settled.) Of course, like
most children, AVA is very much indebted to her parent, who went through a great
deal of trouble to finagle development rights for the site on which she was
built.

A few years ago, Avalon Bay decided to spin two distinct brands off from its
urban luxury division, aimed at growing segments of the market: "AVA," which was
to appeal to hipsters, or rather, yuppies who wished they were hipsters, and
"eaves," a lower-cost product for suburbanites. AVA, as The Wall Street Journal
reported at the time, would "make up 10%-to-20% of holdings," targeting "younger
renters who don't mind smaller units or roommates and who want to live in urban
areas."

AVA High Line is the developer's first attempt to woo the young and hip, or at
least the formerly-young and would-be-hip, in New York, a bid that many a
developer and tin-eared marketing team has gotten tragi-comically wrong in the
past. Who could forget, for example, the the marketing of Karl Fischer-designed
101 Bedford, which featured a bearded, hoodie-wearing guy cooing to the terrier
on his lap, "Toto... I have a feeling we're not in Brooklyn anymore"? Was it
trying to appeal to Brooklynites who wished they were Manhattanites?
Manhattanites who wished they were Brooklynites? Certainly the out-of-touch
consultants working on the project seemed clueless, though they clearly aimed to
please with a smorgasbord of amenities that included a swimming pool, wine
tasting room, golf course and massage parlor.

A model unit; the quintessence of cool, no?

So what, you ask, is AVA using to lure the cool kids to its studios (in the high
$2,885 and up), one-bedrooms (starting at $3,420) and two-bedrooms (from $5,015
to $8,225, according to Streeteasy)?

For starters, lines like these: "Our apartments are energized by this great
city, personalized by you. Yep."

The building also has a fitness center, and not just any fitness center, but an
"awesome" fitness center, an Instagram account that features photos of pizza,
dogs, donuts and the famous firepit (hey, they know what hipsters like!), as
well as a twitter presence and a blog that ruminates on issues like how a lot of
us got out of shape last winter:

"We get it. This winter was brutal! Endless cold and more snowstorms than you
would wish upon your worst enemy, meant that most of us were bundled up inside
for most of winter watching Netflix and eating pizza. It's only natural that
this harsh winter has meant that fitness has fallen by the wayside a bit
(despite your New Year's resolutions)."

The blog also talks about all the cool stuff you can do in West Chelsea, or "the
'hood," as they like to call it. (For example, you can get your hair styled at a
boutique/art gallery or nosh on macarons-ever a favorite of "the 'hood.") And of
course, there are also "social events exclusive to AVA friends" and promotional
videos like this one to win over would-be residents with a marketing campaign
that was "driven with the idea of activate social," [sic] through which "the AVA
experience became about self-expression and connectedness.")

As for uncool things like security deposits? As long as your credit is good,
don't worry about it! After all, "where you live, is where you come alive."
We're all friends here, right?

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             August 4, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Willy-Nilly Spending In Higher Ed

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 287 words


Lawmakers failed to tell Florida's higher education institutions how to spend
nearly $40 million awarded in the final moments of the legislative session and
now Gov. Jeb Bush is telling them to spend the money as they see fit.

When a fiscal conservative like Bush encourages such fiscal anarchy, you know
the budgeting process for higher education truly needs reform.

Lawmakers regularly tuck pet programs into college operating budgets at the last
minute, but in a letter to higher education leaders in late May, Bush noted that
they had failed to include "proviso" language detailing how the money should be
spent. Without that language, universities are not obligated to enact these
add-on programs.

Among the 17 projects Bush cited were a $300,000 program foisted upon the
University of Florida to certify foreign-trained dentists and $3 million for the
University of South Florida's sports medicine institute.

Bush was unable to veto these expenditures without slashing university operating
budgets. Instead, he is directing them to spend the money according to their
strategic plans, a generous gift.

The reality is that universities also are guilty of subverting the state's
budgeting process. For every program a lawmaker sneaks in, higher education
officials finagle their own last-minute additions. Now they're being rewarded
for bad behavior.

It would have been far better for the governor to tell the colleges not to spend
the money and allow it to revert to state coffers at the end of the fiscal year.
As it stands, taxpayers can have no confidence that their hard-earned money
won't be spent willy-nilly.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

GRAPHIC: .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 1, 2009 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

'V' GRACEFULLY REBORN

BYLINE: ERIC DEGGANS, Times TV / Media Critic

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; THE FEED; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1183 words



HIGHLIGHT: The surprisingly apt original's spirit benefits from slick updates.


Only middle-aged geeks remember the original show, but NBC's sci-fi miniseries V
was actually landmark programming for its time.

Watch the 1983 original again, as I did recently, and it's tough to look past
the cheesy old school special effects, '70s fly-away hairstyles and Chess
King-inspired alien uniforms. But the story about Earth's contact with a
seemingly benevolent alien race with a lot to hide transcended its sometimes
awkward drawbacks to deliver a surprisingly prescient story.

And now ABC is poised to do it again.

The impressive, initial installment of its V remake (airing at 8 p.m. Tuesday on
WFTS-Ch. 28) reveals all the upgrades you'd expect: first-class special effects,
references to 9/11 and the Iraq war, along with new plot twists for a more
sophisticated audience.

When the 50 alien ships descend from space to hover over the world's largest
cities, it feels like a page stolen from Independence Day, but that film just
nicked it from the original V. And the way the alien "visitors" worm their way
into human culture looks like a bracing mix of Invasion of the Body Snatchers
and The Day the Earth Stood Still.

Here's a few more ways the old V and new V stack up to each other:

Cultural parallels

OLD V: As the alien visitors begin to dominate human governments, the old
miniseries smacks viewers over the head with allusions to Nazism and Central
American freedom fighting. The aliens arrive like a friendly paramilitary force,
demonizing scientists, encouraging McCarthy-style conspiracy allegations and
bearing an insignia which looks suspiciously like a swastika.

NEW V: The new visitors are more like bloodless corporate executives than
smiling shock troops, led by leggy supreme commander Anna, who finagles
complimentary press coverage by doling out exclusives like the universe's
sharpest press agent. As the visitors gain trust by delivering medical miracles
and advanced technology - in a delicious irony, they provide the universal
health care we're still struggling with today - a small band of freedom fighters
gathers in secret to expose their darker goals.

Visuals

OLD V: Blaster rays which look clipped from the old school Battlestar Galactica
episodes and makeup effects little better than a YouTube version of a zombie
flick were considered state of the art back in the early '80s.

NEW V: ABC makes a fighter jet crash in the pilot, while realistically
recreating the arrival of spaceships shaped like giant manta rays across the
globe. In a world where you can download the latest Transformers blockbuster to
your home theater system in minutes, an alien ship on TV better look nicer than
a Frisbee on a thin wire.

Stars

OLD V: The actors that packed this miniseries would go on to fill casts from a
legion of B movies, including a geeky alien played by Robert Englund (Freddy
Krueger in A Nightmare on Elm Street films), a street hustler-turner-freedom
fighter portrayed by Michael Wright (Clinton in The Wanderers, Eddie King Jr. in
The Five Heartbeats), and the hero TV cameraman Marc Singer (Beastmaster)

NEW V: The actors here have come from a legion of A- and B-level TV projects,
including the ambitious journalist played by Scott Wolf (Party of Five), a man
in love with a dark secret portrayed by Morris Chestnut (Boyz n' the Hood), a
doubting priest played by Joel Gretsch (The 4400) and single mom/kickbutt FBI
agent Elizabeth Mitchell (Lost).

* * *

"I'm like, Holy Mother of Gynecology ... Who has a (sex toy) with a cord?"

Tamra Barney, describing nude photos published online of castmate Gretchen Rossi
on The Real Housewives of Orange County, debuting at 10 p.m. Thursday on Bravo.

* * *

TiVo

By the People: The Election of Barack Obama, 9 p.m. Tuesday, HBO: Conservatives
may howl over executive producer Edward Norton's sympathetic, reverential look
at Obama's historic presidential run. But on the election's first anniversary,
this warm portrait of the campaign that achieved the impossible - realized
through extensive access to the candidate, his aides and key workers as the
campaign was unfolding - serves as an important reminder of a landmark
achievement. It also provides lots of examples of folks who didn't see this one
coming (Chris Matthews, I'm talking about you) and one reporter from England's
the Guardian newspaper who eerily predicted the post-election rise of anti-Obama
hate speech.

* * *

Ti-Maybe

Poliwood, 7:30 p.m. Monday, Showtime: If you haven't spent much time thinking
about the intersection of politics and celebrity, then this video essay by
Hollywood heavyweight Barry Levinson (Rain Man) will be illuminating. But the
rest of us figured out the truths Levinson lays out here long ago: Cable TV news
is about ratings more than honest reporting; big-time politicians are nearly as
much creatures of celebrity and show business as actors and producers;
celebrities often serve as advocates for causes they barely understand; and so
on. Levinson made this film while traveling to both presidential political
conventions last year with the Creative Coalition - a nonpartisan, yet
liberal-friendly group of politically active actors including Anne Hathaway and
Tim Daly. But he's a little too easy on his famous friends, skirting the issue
of whether they are really qualified to lecture the masses on political issues.

* * *

THE LIST

Just give them an Emmy now

It's obvious after five minutes watching Jane Lynch tear through a scene as
track suit-wearing, ruthlessly self-centered cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester on
Fox's buzzed-about hit Glee; the Emmy academy should just hand her a Best
Supporting Actress statue right now.

Which got me thinking; in today's super-accelerated showbiz world, who else
should be grabbing a handful of Emmy gold right now?

Best Drama Actor, Jon Hamm, Mad Men - Whether it's the moment Don Draper breaks
down and finally grieves over his brother's suicide or the way he distracts his
wife while his mistress waits in the car, Hamm's take on the show's flawed hero
has been note-perfect this season.

Best Drama Actress, January Jones, Mad Men - She may play petulant a bit too
much, but Jones' work as unsatisfied, suspicious model-turned-housewife Betty
Draper has accomplished more with less. For Jones, a smouldering look speaks
volumes.

Best Comedy Supporting Actor, Ty Burrell, Modern Family - As the clueless dad
who swears he's hip as his 'tween kids, Burrell makes thick slabs of
embarrassment a sweet delicacy for viewers. Busting out High School Musical
dance moves at a moments' notice, he is every teen child's worst nightmare.

Best Drama Supporting Actor, John Lithgow, Dexter - He's a font of fatherly
charm one moment and a mask of ferocious serial killing fury the next. But as
the murderer with a 30-year success streak and a nifty name, the Trinity Killer,
Lithgow is gearing up to give the killer of criminals at the show's heart a
serious challenge.

Best Comedy Actress, Kristen Wiig, Saturday Night Live - Not because the show
has been particularly good this season (it hasn't). But because Wiig seems to be
the last funny female left on the show (and they use her so much, it is
obvious).

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - ABC: The premiere of the revamped Vis scheduled for 8 p.m.
Tuesday on WFTS-Ch. 28. PHOTO (3)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 30, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Lead packs of cobia, dolphin arrive

SECTION: SECTION D; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 530  words


EXCELLENT TO GOOD

Offshore

Gene Lytwyn at the Fishin' Hole said a thick run of cobia is here, but they've
been farther offshore than the one mile-out range people are used to. So if you
don't find them, try three and even five miles out and look for rays and minnow
schools. On the far side of the Gulf Stream, the yellow fin tuna have been
around, he said.

Capt. Pete Knopp of the Heavy Hitter was at the Fishin' Store. He said a few
bottom fish are biting, but the troll is on! Catches from this lead pack of
dolphin are running big averages, he said. And Cape anglers are saying more mahi
are headed our way. The Triple Header had 23 gaffers with a big fish of 51
pounds. Capt. Knopp said a three- degree temperature break has been offshore at
about 10 degrees out of Ponce Inlet and a depth of about 250 feet.

Surf & Piers

Man-of-war, sea turtles, seaweed, seabirds like boobies and gannets and clean
blue water have been in the surf zone after more than one week of waves and
wind. So what's biting?

Larry Lytle at the Daytona Beach Pier said anglers are catching whiting, drum,
sheepshead, flounder, blues and trout.

At the Flagler Beach Pier, Jason Nelson, aka "Mr. J. Fillet," said the big rods
on theof the pier have caught Spanish and small king macks, and about one
40-inch red per night. He also said keeper pompano are around and the bluefish
are running.

Tomoka Basin area

Lytwyn said the red and trout fishing has been good around High Bridge and in
the basin. He said anglers are still tangling with snook way up the Tomoka River
around Boy Scout Island.

Halifax River

Fishing is good enough no one wants to be a river rat. Lots of "sworn to
secrecy" going on. So the confessions I did finagle, stuff like "decent snook at
the bridges," and "a 14-pounder at Main Street," must be just the tip of the
iceberg.

Matanzas Inlet area

Snook are getting caught on the flats adjacent to the S.R. 100 bridge by people
who want it kept secret! Try Stomach Lake, the Silver Lakes, the bridge fenders
and don't tell them I sent you!

Ponce Inlet area

Capt. Fred Robert said an angler got a 40-pound cobia in 30 to 50 feet of water
Wednesday. He said he saw the first small tarpon of the year under the New
Smyrna Beach south causeway Thursday. The water is 74 degrees, he said. Trout
from 4 to 6 pounds, small reds, jacks and blues to 4 pounds are biting in the
rivers, he said.

Indian River Lagoon

Capt. John Tarr at the Fly Fisherman said schools of big reds in the north and
northeastare starting to spread out into shoreline cruisers. Try crab or slider
flies or an inline spinner bait with a jerk worm body on it, he said. Big trout
are on the shoreline flats in town, he said.

Mosquito Lagoon

Capt. Tarr said the fish are still almost impossibly spooky after the recent pro
tour's 120-boat invasion. Maybe scouting the northern tidal zones would work.

St. Johns River

Capt. James Hillman at Highland Park Fish Camp said bass should bed in the next
few days with the full moon coming up. Some bass are schooling and there's
plenty of bait in the river, but the best bite is early due to a high pressure,
he said. Bluegill are hitting beetlespins in the river and lake, too, he said.--
Jordan Kahn

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Fishermen wheel their gear to the end of Ponce Inlet's north
jetty for a day of fishing March 21. News-Journal/ DAVID TUCKER

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 31, 2002, Thursday

FOR LOVE OR MONEY: NEW YORKERS LONG TO HOBNOB WITH ECONOMIC ELITE

BYLINE: DEBORAH SCHOENEMAN and INNA DE SILVA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 574 words


MORE than 3,000 moguls will descend upon Manhattan today for the World Economic
Forum, and New Yorkers have already starting jockeying for a chance to hobnob
with the participants, who paid $20,000 to attend.

Restaurants around the Waldorf-Astoria conference headquarters are booked and
New Yorkers of both sexes are angling for invitations to the various social
events.

"The next four days should be like an episode of 'Sex and the City,' " said
24-year-old Adina Roshanski, lunching yesterday at Le Cirque, which is expecting
heavy business this weekend from the mega-rich and their admirers.

"If I were looking for a very successful man, this is the place," said her
friend, Bernadette Miskoff, 30.

Crashing the golden parties will probably be tougher than getting into the
Oscars - the city is shelling out $11 million to secure the conference at the
Waldorf.

It probably would have been easier to sneak into parties in Davos, Switzerland,
where the summit has been held for the past 31 years.

Some of the world's richest bachelors will be shmoozing - and may need a Gotham
tour guide.

Single participants include Samuel Waksal, 54, of ImClone Systems, a biotech
company, who has dated Martha Stewart and her daughter, Alexis. (Never mind that
his company is under investigation for allegedly misleading investors about its
cancer drug.)

Larry Page, 29, co-founder of Google.com, a highly successful search engine,
"isn't entirely single," according to a Google source, but, then again, he's not
hitched either. Ditto for our mayor, Mike Bloomberg.

And then there's, Alec Baldwin and Naomi Campbell.

Would-be crashers tried to finagle invites to last night's reception at
Midtown's chic Brasserie restaurant, hosted by German media executive Hubert
Burda.

"A number of people have called me and asked, 'Hey, by the way, can you add my
name to list?' " said a Brasserie publicist. "And I'm, like, 'Who are you
again?' "

"They want to rub elbows with the fabulous. I've had 15 calls, which is a lot,
for an event that is so obviously closed," she added.

A spokeswoman for the Four Seasons hotel said the hotel was full "because of the
conference," though the summiteers themselves are staying at the Waldorf, which
is booked until Monday.

"It's probably the busiest stretch of five or six days we've had, with the
exception of the holidays, since Sept. 11," she said.

Friday night, Steven and Robert Forbes are throwing a party in a private room at
the "21" Club, and Bill Clinton will be among the guests.

Not surprisingly, the dining room - which is open to the public - is "totally
booked for dinner," said a reservationist.

Gaining entry to Sunday's Super Bowl party at the Four Seasons, hosted by
McKinsey & Co. - with a performance by Elton John - will be a tough challenge.

The restaurant is closed on Sundays - but don't put it past some New Yorkers to
book a late table Saturday night and sleep in a bathroom stall.

But Saturday night's gala at - where else? - the New York Stock Exchange is
undoubtedly the crown jewel event.

Such guests as Kofi Annan and Bill Gates will enter the party through a tent on
Broad Street, designed to resemble a subway station, complete with subway booths
for registration kiosks.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Adina Roshanski (left) and Bernadette Miskoff have champagne at Le
Cirque, which is getting ready to serve participants in the World Economic
Forum.  Dan Brinzac

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 21, 1992, Monday, City Edition

A multicultural 'Cinderella' . . .

BYLINE: ANNE GILES RIMBEY

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: YBOR CITY



In Rene Gonzalez's version of the classic Cinderella fairy tale, the action
takes place in Ybor City and Tampa and the characters are much more
multicultural than the original. Oh, and it all takes place in the 1950s.

La Cenicienta de Ybor, or Cinderella of Ybor, is the creation of Gonzalez,  55,
founder of the Spanish Lyric Theater and its director for 34 years.

Gonzalez wrote the story, the music and lyrics for the bilingual show,  which
will have its only performance at 7:30 p.m. Saturday at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse.

La Cenicienta de Ybor is based loosely on the Cinderella story. A beautiful
young woman is poorly treated by her stepmother and stepsister, attends a
dance, meets a handsome young man, leaves the dance at midnight and loses her
shoe, is reunited with her beau and lives happily ever after.

In La Cenicienta, however, the young woman's harsh treatment by her  stepfamily
includes having to attend Jefferson High School while her sisters  go to the
prestigious Academy of the Holy Names. The plot thickens when Xenia  Centa, an
intentional play on the title, is snubbed and left off the  invitation list for
a masquerade dance at the Palma Ceia Yacht Club.

"She's a nice girl, very well-liked," said Margarita Suttell, 28, who  plays
Xenia Centa. "And she's treated pretty badly."

What follows is a sort of multicultural Ybor City team effort to get Xenia  to
the dance. The Italian grocer has a cousin, who knows someone else who,  through
his implied mob connections, finagles an invitation for Xenia. The  Jewish
shopkeeper supples her with shoes and pearls. The Italian grocer also  provides
a gangster-style black limousine to drive her to and from the dance.  The hitch:
The mob needs the limo back by midnight for a hit.

The show is full of inside jokes and references to life in Ybor City and  Tampa
during the class-conscious '50s. Well-known people in Ybor City are  mentioned,
as are specific teachers at Jefferson High School and institutions  such as Our
Lady of Perpetual Hope Church. In La Cenicienta, the latter is  referred to as
the Old Lady's Poker House.

"The more roots you have in Tampa, the more you'll recognize," Gonzalez  said.
"There's quite a bit of nostalgia." To add to the realism of the show,  the set
is a replica of Seventh Avenue in Ybor City in the 1950s.

In addition to the updated story line, audience members will be treated to  an
original music score. Gonzalez credits Jules Lavan with ensuring the  quality of
the music. "I'm musically illiterate," Gonzalez said. "Without  Jules' ability I
could not have done the show."

"He can't sing a note," Lavan, 77, joked about Gonzalez. Lavan has been
associated with Gonzalez and the Spanish Lyric Theatre for 20 years. Lavan was
pop singer Paul Anka's conductor for three years and provided the same service
to him as he did to Gonzalez for La Cenicienta De Ybor.

Lavan listened as Gonzalez sang the lyrics with the tunes he had in mind.  Lavan
put the music down on paper. After transcribing the music, Lavan  arranged and
orchestrated it. He will play the piano as part of the live  orchestra for the
show.

"The music is really good," Lavan said.

Although the intent of La Cenicienta is family entertainment and light  satire,
Gonzalez has a broader vision of the show.

"It shows the naive way each segment of Tampa perceived the other in the
1950s," Gonzalez said. "Forty years later it seems foolish, but it seemed
important at the time."

Rob Bingham, 27, who plays Robbie Prince, the equivalent of Cinderella's
handsome prince, sees the show in a similar way. He describes his part as
"representative of the American stereotypical English paleface." The show,
Bingham said, "is a time to celebrate where Tampa has come from and the way
Tampa has grown to assimilate its rich diversity of cultures."

Ms. Suttell also admires how the Hispanic, Italian, Jewish and Anglo groups  of
Ybor City come together by the end of the show. "People understand that  it's
part of being from Tampa," Ms. Suttell said.

How does Xenia Centa find her handsome Robbie Prince again? Bingham won't  tell.
Except for one small clue.

"The hint is in the shoe," he said.

The show

La Cenicienta de Ybor will be performed at 7:30 p.m. Saturday at the Tampa  Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse. For tickets, call the box office at  221-1045
or Ticketmaster at 287-8844.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, FRASER HALE; Rene Gonzalez talks with Bob
Stewart

                            Times Publishing Company


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 20, 1992, Sunday, City Edition

A 'Cinderella' with multicultural tones

BYLINE: ANNE GILES RIMBEY

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: YBOR CITY



In Rene Gonzalez's version of the classic Cinderella fairy tale, the action
takes place in Ybor City and Tampa and the characters are much more
multicultural than the original. Oh, and it all takes place in the 1950s.

La Cenicienta de Ybor, or Cinderella of Ybor, is the creation of Gonzalez,  55,
founder of the Spanish Lyric Theater and its director for 34 years.

Gonzalez wrote the story, the music and lyrics for the bilingual show,  which
will have its only performance at 7:30 p.m. Saturday at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse.

La Cenicienta de Ybor is based loosely on the Cinderella story. A beautiful
young woman is poorly treated by her stepmother and stepsister, attends a
dance, meets a handsome young man, leaves the dance at midnight and loses her
shoe, is reunited with her beau and lives happily ever after.

In La Cenicienta, however, the young woman's harsh treatment by her  stepfamily
includes having to attend Jefferson High School while her sisters  go to the
prestigious Academy of the Holy Names. The plot thickens when Xenia  Centa, an
intentional play on the title, is snubbed and left off the  invitation list for
a masquerade dance at the Palma Ceia Yacht Club.

"She's a nice girl, very well-liked," said Margarita Suttell, 28, who  plays
Xenia Centa. "And she's treated pretty badly."

What follows is a sort of multicultural Ybor City team effort to get Xenia  to
the dance. The Italian grocer has a cousin, who knows someone else who,  through
his implied mob connections, finagles an invitation for Xenia. The  Jewish
shopkeeper supples her with shoes and pearls. The Italian grocer also  provides
a gangster-style black limousine to drive her to and from the dance.  The hitch:
The mob needs the limo back by midnight for a hit.

The show is full of inside jokes and references to life in Ybor City and  Tampa
during the class-conscious '50s. Well-known people in Ybor City are  mentioned,
as are specific teachers at Jefferson High School and institutions  such as Our
Lady of Perpetual Hope Church. In La Cenicienta, the latter is  referred to as
the Old Lady's Poker House.

"The more roots you have in Tampa, the more you'll recognize," Gonzalez  said.
"There's quite a bit of nostalgia." To add to the realism of the show,  the set
is a replica of Seventh Avenue in Ybor City in the 1950s.

In addition to the updated story line, audience members will be treated to  an
original music score. Gonzalez credits Jules Lavan with ensuring the  quality of
the music. "I'm musically illiterate," Gonzalez said. "Without  Jules' ability I
could not have done the show."

"He can't sing a note," Lavan, 77, joked about Gonzalez. Lavan has been
associated with Gonzalez and the Spanish Lyric Theatre for 20 years. Lavan was
pop singer Paul Anka's conductor for three years and provided the same service
to him as he did to Gonzalez for La Cenicienta De Ybor.

Lavan listened as Gonzalez sang the lyrics with the tunes he had in mind.  Lavan
put the music down on paper. After transcribing the music, Lavan  arranged and
orchestrated it. He will play the piano as part of the live  orchestra for the
show.

"The music is really good," Lavan said.

Although the intent of La Cenicienta is family entertainment and light  satire,
Gonzalez has a broader vision of the show.

"It shows the naive way each segment of Tampa perceived the other in the
1950s," Gonzalez said. "Forty years later it seems foolish, but it seemed
important at the time."

Rob Bingham, 27, who plays Robbie Prince, the equivalent of Cinderella's
handsome prince, sees the show in a similar way. He describes his part as
"representative of the American stereotypical English paleface." The show,
Bingham said, "is a time to celebrate where Tampa has come from and the way
Tampa has grown to assimilate its rich diversity of cultures."

Ms. Suttell also admires how the Hispanic, Italian, Jewish and Anglo groups  of
Ybor City come together by the end of the show. "People understand that  it's
part of being from Tampa," Ms. Suttell said.

How does Xenia Centa find her handsome Robbie Prince again? Bingham won't  tell.
Except for one small clue.

"The hint is in the shoe," he said.

The show

La Cenicienta de Ybor will be performed at 7:30 p.m. Saturday at the Tampa  Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse. For tickets, call the box office at  221-1045
or Ticketmaster at 287-8844.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, FRASER HALE; Rene Gonzalez talks with Bob
Stewart about the play, La Cenicienta de Ybor

                            Times Publishing Company


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 19, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

Retelling of 'Cinderella' done in multicultural tone

BYLINE: ANNE GILES RIMBEY

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: YBOR CITY



   In Rene Gonzalez's version of the classic Cinderella fairy tale, the action
takes place in Ybor City and Tampa and the characters are much more
multicultural than the original. Oh, and it all takes place in the 1950s.

La Cenicienta de Ybor, or Cinderella of Ybor, is the creation of Gonzalez,  55,
founder of the Spanish Lyric Theater and its director for 34 years.

Gonzalez wrote the story, the music and lyrics for the bilingual show,  which
will have its only performance at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse.

La Cenicienta de Ybor is based loosely on the Cinderella story. A beautiful
young woman is poorly treated by her stepmother and stepsister, attends a
dance, meets a handsome young man, leaves the dance at midnight and loses her
shoe, is reunited with her beau and lives happily ever after.

In La Cenicienta, however, the young woman's harsh treatment by her  stepfamily
includes having to attend Jefferson High School while her sisters  go to the
prestigious Academy of the Holy Names. The plot thickens when Xenia  Centa, an
intentional play on the title, is snubbed and left off the  invitation list for
a masquerade dance at the Palma Ceia Yacht Club.

"She's a nice girl, very well-liked," said Margarita Suttell, 28, who  plays
Xenia Centa. "And she's treated pretty badly."

What follows is a sort of multicultural Ybor City team effort to get Xenia  to
the dance. The Italian grocer has a cousin, who knows someone else who,  through
his implied mob connections, finagles an invitation for Xenia. The  Jewish
shopkeeper supples her with shoes and pearls. The Italian grocer also  provides
a gangster-style black limousine to drive her to and from the dance.  The hitch:
The mob needs the limo back by midnight for a hit.

The show is full of inside jokes and references to life in Ybor City and  Tampa
during the class-conscious '50s. Well-known people in Ybor City are  mentioned,
as are specific teachers at Jefferson High School and institutions  such as Our
Lady of Perpetual Hope Church. In La Cenicienta, the latter is  referred to as
the Old Lady's Poker House.

"The more roots you have in Tampa, the more you'll recognize," Gonzalez  said.
"There's quite a bit of nostalgia." To add to the realism of the show,  the set
is a replica of Seventh Avenue in Ybor City in the 1950s.

In addition to the updated story line, audience members will be treated to  an
original music score. Gonzalez credits Jules Lavan with ensuring the  quality of
the music. "I'm musically illiterate," Gonzalez said. "Without  Jules' ability I
could not have done the show."

"He can't sing a note," Lavan, 77, joked about Gonzalez. Lavan has been
associated with Gonzalez and the Spanish Lyric Theatre for 20 years. Lavan was
pop singer Paul Anka's conductor for three years and provided the same service
to him as he did to Gonzalez for La Cenicienta De Ybor.

Lavan listened as Gonzalez sang the lyrics with the tunes he had in mind.  Lavan
put the music down on paper. After transcribing the music, Lavan  arranged and
orchestrated it. He will play the piano as part of the live  orchestra for the
show.

"The music is really good," Lavan said.

Although the intent of La Cenicienta is family entertainment and light  satire,
Gonzalez has a broader vision of the show.

"It shows the naive way each segment of Tampa perceived the other in the
1950s," Gonzalez said. "Forty years later it seems foolish, but it seemed
important at the time."

Rob Bingham, 27, who plays Robbie Prince, the equivalent of Cinderella's
handsome prince, sees the show in a similar way. He describes his part as
"representative of the American stereotypical English paleface." The show,
Bingham said, "is a time to celebrate where Tampa has come from and the way
Tampa has grown to assimilate its rich diversity of cultures."

Ms. Suttell also admires how the Hispanic, Italian, Jewish and Anglo groups  of
Ybor City come together by the end of the show. "People understand that  it's
part of being from Tampa," Ms. Suttell said.

How does Xenia Centa find her handsome Robbie Prince again? Bingham won't  tell.
Except for one small clue.

"The hint is in the shoe," he said.

The show

La Cenicienta de Ybor will be performed at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse. For tickets, call the box office at 221-1045
or Ticketmaster at 287-8844.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, FRASER HALE; Rene Gonzalez talks with Bob
Stewart about the play La Cenicienta de Ybor.

                            Times Publishing Company


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 18, 1992, Friday, City Edition

A 'Cinderella' with multicultural tones

BYLINE: ANNE GILES RIMBEY

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: YBOR CITY



   In Rene Gonzalez's version of the classic Cinderella fairy tale, the action
takes place in Ybor City and Tampa and the characters are much more
multicultural than the original. Oh, and it all takes place in the 1950s.

La Cenicienta de Ybor, or Cinderella of Ybor, is the creation of Gonzalez,  55,
founder of the Spanish Lyric Theater and its director for 34 years.

Gonzalez wrote the story, the music and lyrics for the bilingual show,  which
will have its only performance at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse.

La Cenicienta de Ybor is based loosely on the Cinderella story. A beautiful
young woman is poorly treated by her stepmother and stepsister, attends a
dance, meets a handsome young man, leaves the dance at midnight and loses her
shoe, is reunited with her beau and lives happily ever after.

In La Cenicienta, however, the young woman's harsh treatment by her  stepfamily
includes having to attend Jefferson High School while her sisters  go to the
prestigious Academy of the Holy Names. The plot thickens when Xenia  Centa, an
intentional play on the title, is snubbed and left off the  invitation list for
a masquerade dance at the Palma Ceia Yacht Club.

"She's a nice girl, very well-liked," said Margarita Suttell, 28, who  plays
Xenia Centa. "And she's treated pretty badly."

What follows is a sort of multicultural Ybor City team effort to get Xenia  to
the dance. The Italian grocer has a cousin, who knows someone else who,  through
his implied mob connections, finagles an invitation for Xenia. The  Jewish
shopkeeper supples her with shoes and pearls. The Italian grocer also  provides
a gangster-style black limousine to drive her to and from the dance.  The hitch:
The mob needs the limo back by midnight for a hit.

The show is full of inside jokes and references to life in Ybor City and  Tampa
during the class-conscious '50s. Well-known people in Ybor City are  mentioned,
as are specific teachers at Jefferson High School and institutions  such as Our
Lady of Perpetual Hope Church. In La Cenicienta, the latter is  referred to as
the Old Lady's Poker House.

"The more roots you have in Tampa, the more you'll recognize," Gonzalez  said.
"There's quite a bit of nostalgia." To add to the realism of the show,  the set
is a replica of Seventh Avenue in Ybor City in the 1950s.

In addition to the updated story line, audience members will be treated to  an
original music score. Gonzalez credits Jules Lavan with ensuring the  quality of
the music. "I'm musically illiterate," Gonzalez said. "Without  Jules' ability I
could not have done the show."

"He can't sing a note," Lavan, 77, joked about Gonzalez. Lavan has been
associated with Gonzalez and the Spanish Lyric Theatre for 20 years. Lavan was
pop singer Paul Anka's conductor for three years and provided the same service
to him as he did to Gonzalez for La Cenicienta De Ybor.

Lavan listened as Gonzalez sang the lyrics with the tunes he had in mind.  Lavan
put the music down on paper. After transcribing the music, Lavan  arranged and
orchestrated it. He will play the piano as part of the live  orchestra for the
show.

"The music is really good," Lavan said.

Although the intent of La Cenicienta is family entertainment and light  satire,
Gonzalez has a broader vision of the show.

"It shows the naive way each segment of Tampa perceived the other in the
1950s," Gonzalez said. "Forty years later it seems foolish, but it seemed
important at the time."

Rob Bingham, 27, who plays Robbie Prince, the equivalent of Cinderella's
handsome prince, sees the show in a similar way. He describes his part as
"representative of the American stereotypical English paleface." The show,
Bingham said, "is a time to celebrate where Tampa has come from and the way
Tampa has grown to assimilate its rich diversity of cultures."

Ms. Suttell also admires how the Hispanic, Italian, Jewish and Anglo groups  of
Ybor City come together by the end of the show. "People understand that  it's
part of being from Tampa," Ms. Suttell said.

How does Xenia Centa find her handsome Robbie Prince again? Bingham won't  tell.
Except for one small clue.

"The hint is in the shoe," he said.

The show

La Cenicienta de Ybor will be performed at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse. For tickets, call the box office at 221-1045
or Ticketmaster at 287-8844.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Fraser Hale; Rene Gonzalez talks with Bob
Stewart about the play La Cenicienta de Ybor

                            Times Publishing Company


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 17, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

An Ybor City version of Cinderella

BYLINE: ANNE GILES RIMBEY

SECTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 749 words

DATELINE: YBOR CITY



In Rene Gonzalez's version of the classic Cinderella fairy tale the action
takes place in Ybor City and Tampa and the characters are much more
multicultural than the original. Oh, and it all takes place in the 1950s.

La Cenicienta de Ybor, or Cinderella of Ybor, is the creation of Gonzalez,  55,
founder of the Spanish Lyric Theater and its director for 34 years.

Gonzalez wrote the story, the music and lyrics for the bilingual show,  which
will have its only performance at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse.

La Cenicienta de Ybor is based loosely on the Cinderella story. A beautiful
young woman is poorly treated by her stepmother and stepsister, attends a
dance, meets a handsome young man, leaves the dance at midnight and loses her
shoe, is reunited with her beau and lives happily ever after.

In La Cenicienta, however, the young woman's harsh treatment by her  stepfamily
includes having to attend Jefferson High School while her sisters  go to the
prestigious Academy of the Holy Names. The plot thickens when Xenia  Centa, an
intentional play on the title, is snubbed and left off the  invitation list for
a masquerade dance at the Palma Ceia Yacht Club.

"She's a nice girl, very well-liked," said Margarita Suttell, 28, who  plays
Xenia Centa. "And she's treated pretty badly."

What follows is a sort of multicultural Ybor City team effort to get Xenia  to
the dance. The Italian grocer has a cousin, who knows someone else who,  through
his implied mob connections, finagles an invitation for Xenia. The  Jewish
shopkeeper supples her with shoes and pearls. The Italian grocer also  provides
a gangster-style black limousine to drive her to and from the dance.  The hitch:
The mob needs the limo back by midnight for a hit.

The show is full of inside jokes and references to life in Ybor City and  Tampa
during the class-conscious '50s. Well-known people in Ybor City are  mentioned,
as are specific teachers at Jefferson High School and institutions  such as Our
Lady of Perpetual Hope Church. In La Cenicienta, the latter is  referred to as
the Old Lady's Poker House.

"The more roots you have in Tampa, the more you'll recognize," Gonzalez  said.
"There's quite a bit of nostalgia." To add to the realism of the show,  the set
is a replica of Seventh Avenue in Ybor City in the 1950s.

In addition to the updated story line, audience members will be treated to  an
original music score. Gonzalez credits Jules Lavan with ensuring the  quality of
the music. "I'm musically illiterate," Gonzalez said. "Without  Jules' ability I
could not have done the show."

"He can't sing a note," Lavan, 77, joked about Gonzalez. Lavan has been
associated with Gonzalez and the Spanish Lyric Theatre for 20 years. Lavan was
pop singer Paul Anka's conductor for three years and provided the same service
to him as he did to Gonzalez for La Cenicienta De Ybor.

Lavan listened as Gonzalez sang the lyrics with the tunes he had in mind.  Lavan
put the music down on paper. After transcribing the music, Lavan  arranged and
orchestrated it. He will play the piano as part of the live  orchestra for the
show.

"The music is really good," Lavan said.

Although the intent of La Cenicienta is family entertainment and light  satire,
Gonzalez has a broader vision of the show.

"It shows the naive way each segment of Tampa perceived the other in the
1950s," Gonzalez said. "Forty years later it seems foolish, but it seemed
important at the time."

Rob Bingham, 27, who plays Robbie Prince, the equivalent of Cinderella's
handsome prince, sees the show in a similar way. He describes his part as
"representative of the American stereotypical English paleface." The show,
Bingham said, "is a time to celebrate where Tampa has come from and the way
Tampa has grown to assimilate its rich diversity of cultures."

Ms. Suttell also admires how the Hispanic, Italian, Jewish and Anglo groups  of
Ybor City come together by the end of the show. "People understand that  it's
part of being from Tampa," Ms. Suttell said.

How does Xenia Centa find her handsome Robbie Prince again? Bingham won't  tell.
Except for one small clue.

"The hint is in the shoe," he said.

The show

La Cenicienta de Ybor will be performed at 7:30 p.m. Sept. 26 at the Tampa Bay
Performing Arts Center Playhouse. For tickets, call the box office at 221-1045
or Ticketmaster at 287-8844.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: COMMUNITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, FRASER HALE; Rene Gonzalez talks to Bob Stewart about the
play "La Cenicienta de Ybor."

                            Times Publishing Company


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 13, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Beatty's comic, stylish Bugsy a gangland great

BYLINE: BY CRAIG MACINNIS TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1116 words


here probably hasn't been a finer looking, or more stylish, movie gangster than
Warren Beatty's Bugsy ("call me Ben") Siegel.

Even as he viciously knees and punches another ganglander into a bloody,
writhing pulp, he can't quite quell his narcissistic urges - and so he sneaks a
peek at his handsome mug in a nearby window.

Bugsy is full of such moments. In a way, it blows a loud raspberry at the dark
melodrama of most mainstream gangster flicks (including The Godfather) and
revels instead in dark, quivering parody.

Bugsy is a brilliant movie. But who'd have thought it could be this funny?

"Everybody deserves a fresh start once in a while," says Beatty's debonair
mobster, a man who, at times, seems like the embodiment of the American dream as
well as the embodiment of Beatty himself.

Director Barry Levinson's lush, ironic portrait lends to the World War II-era
racketeer a debonair grin, perfect hair and a way with the ladies - qualities
one tends to associate with Warren's own storied run in Hollywood.

This is Beatty doing Beatty doing Siegel.

In fact, if there's an underlying theme to Bugsy, it's that "celebrity" wears
many hats - and that the line between fame and infamy is merely a matter of
career preference.

When Siegel is sent west by Meyer Lansky (Ben Kingsley) and Charlie "Lucky"
Luciano (the late rock promoter, Bill Graham) to wrest control of the Los
Angeles crime syndicate, he's immediately dazzled by Hollywood's bright lights.

He even finagles a screen test for himself and spends evenings gazing at his
audition reel on a living-room movie screen. Siegel knows what he likes, all
right - and he sees it every time he stares lovingly back at his own handsome
face.

He's also got it bad for Virginia Hill, a hard-bitten starlet played by Beatty's
real-life lover Annette Bening, thus making the movie's double entendre
complete.

With tongue in cheek, Levinson photographs the pair as they make love behind
Siegel's movie screen - two silhouettes on the shade of Hollywood.

Bening showed a profound understanding of what it takes to play a radiant and
slightly seedy moll in The Grifters. Here, she turns Hill into a human version
of Jessica Rabbit, a sultry parody of feminine chicanery.

"Why don't you run outside and jerk yourself a soda?" she taunts Siegel, who has
been desperate for a date but is discovering that Hill's affection might be the
one thing he cannot buy in Hollywood.

Otherwise, everything's been going great. He's found himself a nice house simply
by barging in on the bewildered occupant, a famous opera singer (Joe Baker), who
has no choice but to pack up and leave when Siegel flips him a heavy roll of
bills.

Beatty's and Bening's relationship gives Bugsy much of its emotional heft and
their tempestuous affair underscores the ambiguities and dark lines in each
one's personality.

This is not the uneven pairing of, say, Al Pacino's Michael Corleone and Diane
Keaton's shell-shocked Kay in The Godfather trilogy.

In Bugsy, at times it's hard to tell which of the two has the upper hand - or
which one's more dangerous.

"No woman's worth a bullet between the eyes," Bugsy's friend, the actor George
Raft (Joe Mantegna), warns him about Hill. She's been going out with another
underworld brute known for his bad temper.

Siegel, the ruthlessly glib matinee idol, is unfazed. "It depends on whose eyes
and which woman," he says.

In one of the more deliciously sinister sequences, Hill arrives for dinner at
Siegel's place, gets into an argument and hurls an ashtray at his head.

Minutes later, an underling who's been skimming cash from the operation arrives.
Bugsy, still bleeding from his brow, politely excuses himself from Hill, takes
the visitor into another room and proceeds to work him over in brutal fashion.

Levinson photographs from both sides of the closed hallway door. What's
interesting isn't Siegel's humiliation of the lackey but the look of
slow-dawning horror on Bening's face.

She doesn't say a word, but we know her thoughts: I just hit this maniac with an
ashtray?

In addition to its two principals, Bugsy offers one of the finest supporting
casts in recent cinema.

Harvey Keitel is perfect as the vicious psychopath-on-the-brink, Mickey Cohen.
No current actor, with the possible exception of Robert De Niro, has juiced so
many deadly roles with such winning charm.

Elliott Gould, in his first decent film shot in ages, brings glum poignance to
the part of Harry Greenberg.

Gould, looking a few pounds heavier, plays a slow-witted confidante of Siegel's
who brings out both the compassion and mercilessness in his boss.

Kingsley, the Oscar-winner for Gandhi, works his version of Lansky up into a
quiet rage of internal conflict.

As Siegel's boyhood friend and guardian, Lansky kindly tries to put a harness on
his old friend's reckless energies. But at the same time, he owes a debt to the
other crime bosses, who are beginning to bridle at Siegel's profligate ways with
syndicate money.

By now, the visionary Siegel has had "an epiphany" along a stretch of dirt in
the Nevada desert, where he plans to build a nightclub called The Flamingo, the
would-be crown jewel in a huge sex-and-gambling playground.

Modern-day Las Vegas was Siegel's singular invention, and it was also
responsible for his undoing within the crime community.

It's also where the movie briefly falls down.

Through the first two hours, Levinson wants us to see Siegel as a comic
perversion of the free-booting U.S. entrepreneur.

Indeed, Siegel is almost everything that America stands for. He's even a proud,
war-era patriot who wants to go to Italy to bump off that fascist so-and-so,
Mussolini.

"Did you ever hear of the Allied Forces? Why don't you leave it to them,"
advises an exasperated Lansky.

But in the waning moments of Bugsy, Levinson - perhaps in collusion with the
image-conscious Beatty - seems to abandon the movie's dark comic edge and
retreats into comfortable melodrama.

Briefly, Bugsy becomes a love story with Casablanca overtones.

The effect is to witlessly deify Siegel and ignore everything that has gone
before, including the killings and maimings.

It puts an unfortunate glaze on a film generally distinguished for its raging
comic honesty. But let it slide.

This is still the best "gangster movie" since at least GoodFellas and one that's
almost certain to take its place in the bullet-ridden hall of fame.

Right up there with the real Bugsy Siegel.

Bugsy

Starring Warren Beatty and Annette Bening, screenplay by James Toback, directed
by Barry Levinson. At the Plaza (Hudson's Bay Centre, Bloor and Yonge,
964-2555). AA


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Warren Beatty, Harvey Keitel and Joe Mantegna in scene from
Bugsy

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 13, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Beatty's comic, stylish Bugsy a gangland great

BYLINE: By Craig MacInnis TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1116 words


   here probably hasn't been a finer looking, or more stylish, movie gangster
than Warren Beatty's Bugsy ("call me Ben") Siegel.

Even as he viciously knees and punches another ganglander into a bloody,
writhing pulp, he can't quite quell his narcissistic urges - and so he sneaks a
peek at his handsome mug in a nearby window.

Bugsy is full of such moments. In a way, it blows a loud raspberry at the dark
melodrama of most mainstream gangster flicks (including The Godfather) and
revels instead in dark, quivering parody.

Bugsy is a brilliant movie. But who'd have thought it could be this funny?

"Everybody deserves a fresh start once in a while," says Beatty's debonair
mobster, a man who, at times, seems like the embodiment of the American dream as
well as the embodiment of Beatty himself.

Director Barry Levinson's lush, ironic portrait lends to the World War II-era
racketeer a debonair grin, perfect hair and a way with the ladies - qualities
one tends to associate with Warren's own storied run in Hollywood.

This is Beatty doing Beatty doing Siegel.

In fact, if there's an underlying theme to Bugsy, it's that "celebrity" wears
many hats - and that the line between fame and infamy is merely a matter of
career preference.

When Siegel is sent west by Meyer Lansky (Ben Kingsley) and Charlie "Lucky"
Luciano (the late rock promoter, Bill Graham) to wrest control of the Los
Angeles crime syndicate, he's immediately dazzled by Hollywood's bright lights.

He even finagles a screen test for himself and spends evenings gazing at his
audition reel on a living-room movie screen. Siegel knows what he likes, all
right - and he sees it every time he stares lovingly back at his own handsome
face.

He's also got it bad for Virginia Hill, a hard-bitten starlet played by Beatty's
real-life lover Annette Bening, thus making the movie's double entendre
complete.

With tongue in cheek, Levinson photographs the pair as they make love behind
Siegel's movie screen - two silhouettes on the shade of Hollywood.

Bening showed a profound understanding of what it takes to play a radiant and
slightly seedy moll in The Grifters. Here, she turns Hill into a human version
of Jessica Rabbit, a sultry parody of feminine chicanery.

"Why don't you run outside and jerk yourself a soda?" she taunts Siegel, who has
been desperate for a date but is discovering that Hill's affection might be the
one thing he cannot buy in Hollywood.

Otherwise, everything's been going great. He's found himself a nice house simply
by barging in on the bewildered occupant, a famous opera singer (Joe Baker), who
has no choice but to pack up and leave when Siegel flips him a heavy roll of
bills.

Beatty's and Bening's relationship gives Bugsy much of its emotional heft and
their tempestuous affair underscores the ambiguities and dark lines in each
one's personality.

This is not the uneven pairing of, say, Al Pacino's Michael Corleone and Diane
Keaton's shell-shocked Kay in The Godfather trilogy.

In Bugsy, at times it's hard to tell which of the two has the upper hand - or
which one's more dangerous.

"No woman's worth a bullet between the eyes," Bugsy's friend, the actor George
Raft (Joe Mantegna), warns him about Hill. She's been going out with another
underworld brute known for his bad temper.

Siegel, the ruthlessly glib matinee idol, is unfazed. "It depends on whose eyes
and which woman," he says.

In one of the more deliciously sinister sequences, Hill arrives for dinner at
Siegel's place, gets into an argument and hurls an ashtray at his head.

Minutes later, an underling who's been skimming cash from the operation arrives.
Bugsy, still bleeding from his brow, politely excuses himself from Hill, takes
the visitor into another room and proceeds to work him over in brutal fashion.

Levinson photographs from both sides of the closed hallway door. What's
interesting isn't Siegel's humiliation of the lackey but the look of
slow-dawning horror on Bening's face.

She doesn't say a word, but we know her thoughts: I just hit this maniac with an
ashtray?

In addition to its two principals, Bugsy offers one of the finest supporting
casts in recent cinema.

Harvey Keitel is perfect as the vicious psychopath-on-the-brink, Mickey Cohen.
No current actor, with the possible exception of Robert De Niro, has juiced so
many deadly roles with such winning charm.

Elliott Gould, in his first decent film shot in ages, brings glum poignance to
the part of Harry Greenberg.

Gould, looking a few pounds heavier, plays a slow-witted confidante of Siegel's
who brings out both the compassion and mercilessness in his boss.

Kingsley, the Oscar-winner for Gandhi, works his version of Lansky up into a
quiet rage of internal conflict.

As Siegel's boyhood friend and guardian, Lansky kindly tries to put a harness on
his old friend's reckless energies. But at the same time, he owes a debt to the
other crime bosses, who are beginning to bridle at Siegel's profligate ways with
syndicate money.

By now, the visionary Siegel has had "an epiphany" along a stretch of dirt in
the Nevada desert, where he plans to build a nightclub called The Flamingo, the
would-be crown jewel in a huge sex-and-gambling playground.

Modern-day Las Vegas was Siegel's singular invention, and it was also
responsible for his undoing within the crime community.

It's also where the movie briefly falls down.

Through the first two hours, Levinson wants us to see Siegel as a comic
perversion of the free-booting U.S. entrepreneur.

Indeed, Siegel is almost everything that America stands for. He's even a proud,
war-era patriot who wants to go to Italy to bump off that fascist so-and-so,
Mussolini.

"Did you ever hear of the Allied Forces? Why don't you leave it to them,"
advises an exasperated Lansky.

But in the waning moments of Bugsy, Levinson - perhaps in collusion with the
image-conscious Beatty - seems to abandon the movie's dark comic edge and
retreats into comfortable melodrama.

Briefly, Bugsy becomes a love story with Casablanca overtones.

The effect is to witlessly deify Siegel and ignore everything that has gone
before, including the killings and maimings.

It puts an unfortunate glaze on a film generally distinguished for its raging
comic honesty. But let it slide.

This is still the best "gangster movie" since at least GoodFellas and one that's
almost certain to take its place in the bullet-ridden hall of fame.

Right up there with the real Bugsy Siegel.

Bugsy

Starring Warren Beatty and Annette Bening, screenplay by James Toback, directed
by Barry Levinson. At the Plaza (Hudson's Bay Centre, Bloor and Yonge,
964-2555). AA

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Warren Beatty, Harvey Keitel and Joe Mantegna in scene from
Bugsymovie; review

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

Smaller schools feel the squeeze

BYLINE: Philip D. Brown Richmond County Daily Journal, Richmond County Daily
Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


Sept. 25--An advocacy group released a report Friday claiming the North Carolina
Education Lottery is becoming less and less about education as it matures.

N.C. Policy Watch found the state lottery "has steadily chipped away at the cut
of money it sends to education." It cost school districts $80 million last year.

Richmond County Schools lost more than $175,000 in lottery money last year after
the formula to dole out funds was revised.

The report finds the formula state lawmakers use to divvy up proceeds from its
gaming industry designates 29 cents of every dollar for schools, pushing aside a
formula etched in state law that calls for 35 cents of every dollar to go to
school systems.

This became possible in 2007 when the General Assembly made the 35 percent mark
binding only "to the extent practicable."

In its 2009 budget, the General Assembly tapped the lottery for $35 million to
cover some of the state's share of Medicaid and other federal social programs.

However, Richmond County Board of Education Chairman Ken Goodman said there is
another conflict at play as metropolitan areas finagle the process to squeeze
more money for their own districts out of the lottery.

"Initially, all the Tier I counties got 30 percent of the lottery money, and the
rest was divided up based on population," Goodman said. "In the last legislative
session, they changed the formula to divide up all the money based on
population, and it cost Richmond County about $175,000."

He explained this was possible because 16 of the state's 100 counties have a
majority of its representation in the General Assembly, while the other 84
combined are still a voting minority.

"It's just another example of how the legislators from the big metropolitan
areas operate," Goodman said. "In tougher economic times, with a shrinking
budget, they don't want to give up any funding, so they find a way to pick on
the little guy."

"The change in the formula eliminated funds that were designated to several
eligible districts, including Richmond County," RCS Superintendent Dr. George
Norris said. "As a result, we lost just over $175,000 this year. Changes like
this have a strong impact on small, rural districts."

What money was left for RCS in 2009 was projected to be much more than it was.

RCS CFO Pam Satterfield said in a previous interview the money was projected at
about $1.2 million, whereas the schools actually collected about $780,000.

The General Assembly also resolved to allow school districts to spend lottery
money to pay teacher salaries last year in a bid to help larger districts avoid
lay-offs, but this measure did little to nothing to help Richmond and other Tier
I counties.

Lottery officials told N.C. Policy Watch the reason the percentage of cash going
to education has fallen is because they feel they can increase the profit margin
by investing more in prizes. Sales have gone up from $325 million in its first
full year of operation to $419 million last year.

"Our focus is on the dollars we raise, not the percentage," N.C. Education
Lottery Acting Director Alice Garland is quoted in the report. "Our mission is
to raise as much money for the state as we can."

The report contends the increases to education have been drastic, though, and
haven't kept pace with the increasing sales.

Staff Writer Philip D. Brown can be reached at (910) 997-3111 ext. 32, or by
e-mail at pbrown@yourdailyjournal.com

To see more of the Richmond County Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.yourdailyjournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Richmond
County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100925-RU-Smaller-schools-feel-the-squeeze-0925-20100925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2010


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    Sunday Herald Sun (Melbourne, Australia)

                            November 27, 2005 Sunday

Counter culture

BYLINE: LAWRIE MASTERSON

SECTION: IE; Pg. E07

LENGTH: 872 words


Bored, depressed and destined to spend her life behind a counter, Claire Danes'
latest character still attracts her fair share of admirers, LAWRIE MASTERSON
reports

CLAIRE Danes was hoping for an opportunity to combine what she terms "my two
favourite activities".

Several scenes from her new movie required her to stand -- usually in bored
resignation -- behind a counter at Saks Fifth Avenue, the up-market New York
store that has its Los Angeles outpost on Wilshire Boulevard.

"I was really excited that we were going to actually shoot at Saks during
operating hours because I had these fantasies of buying shoes in between takes
or something, merging acting and shopping," Danes, 26, said.

"But, no, that just didn't happen."

But Danes, star of Stage Beauty and The Hours, did get the chance to use her
expressive face in yet another slightly left-of-centre but intelligent role.

In Shopgirl, co-starring Steve Martin and based on his novella and screenplay,
Danes plays the title role of Mirabelle. She's sweet but not spectacular,
depressed yet libidinous.

By day she stands behind her Saks Fifth Avenue glove counter, usually without a
customer. By night she tries to coax her kitten from under the bed at her modest
apartment, takes her antidepressants and dreams of becoming an artist and being
loved.

Then her life and two others intersect.

First, in a laundry she meets the hapless Jeremy (Jason Schwartzman), who makes
his living stencilling the manufacturer's name on guitar amplifiers and whose
idea of romance is splitting the bill at a fast food restaurant. Mirabelle
sleeps with him, anyway.

Next comes Ray Porter (Martin), wealthy, worldly and twice her age. He becomes
one of Mirabelle's rare customers, then finagles her address out of the folks at
Saks. Mirabelle winds up in his bed, too.

The three have widely different expectations and interpretations of one another
and what happens in the end might not be what any of them dreamed of. But it is,
according to Martin, "life".

Danes recalled reading Martin's book when she was in Copenhagen, Denmark, in
2002, making It's All About Love, opposite Joaquin Phoenix and Sean Penn.

"I consumed it in one sitting because it was just really engaging and
beautifully written. So, yeah, when the opportunity arose to make it into a film
I was very excited," she said.

Danes admitted to being less excited by the idea when she discovered it would
mean her first nude scene -- Mirabelle strips in Ray Porter's bedroom -- but she
decided to forge ahead.

"I mean, it's always awkward doing a love scene with anybody, no matter what age
they are or how iconic they are," she said.

"There's just something a little unnatural about it. But I really admire and
have a lot of reverence for Steve as a person and an artist. So if I were to be
in bed with anybody, he'll do.

"I was so privileged that I was able to tell this story with him because it was
very meaningful to him and really personal.

"He's really private and shy and he doesn't expose himself immediately or
eagerly.

"We're talking about nudity so that's going to sound funny, but I'm speaking in
terms of emotion."

Directed by Britain's Anand Tucker (Hilary and Jackie, 1998), Shopgirl touches
on two issues regularly debated in Hollywood -- relationships between mature-age
men and much younger women; and the use of antidepressant drugs. Antidepressants
were thrust into the limelight earlier this year during a slanging match between
Brooke Shields, who revealed she had used them for post-natal depression, and
Tom Cruise, whose Scientology beliefs are against them.

"I just keep my pointer finger in my pocket because I never know why people make
the choices they do and I can't assume they're for negative reasons," Danes
said.

"But I understand that people will be unnerved by this because it's not a
conventional romance, but I think it's surprisingly tender.

"I actually don't think they're abusing each other in any way. Yes, their
relationship is ultimately futile but I think they learn an enormous amount from
each other and do actually encourage genuine growth in each other.

"She's not at all a fully realised person. She doesn't necessarily know what
she's capable of, but she's exploring it through this experience. It's a kind of
tutorial that she's given by this older man.

"I know I am way imperfect. There are areas in my life that are really
intimidating and unclear that I have to become more proficient in, but I think
that's true of most 26-year-olds. Thank God I don't have it all figured out now,
otherwise living would be rather redundant."

Antidepressants, Danes said, were "more productive than not".

"It's a relevant subject culturally. I think it's true that sometimes people
just suffer from chemical imbalance and, of course, the drugs can be abused.

"But I think our understanding of depression and attitudes towards it are really
changing. A lot of my friends are on them and a lot of my friends have been
served by them. It's great when it frees somebody from the oppression of that
awful, dark feeling so that they can really start investigating consciously what
it is that's ailing them. That's my stand."

Shopgirl opens on Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SHS

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 21, 2008 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Road to Somewhere Shady

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 370 words


The Senate has taken the unusual step of proposing that the Justice Department
begin a criminal investigation of a long-running Congressional embarrassment
known as the Coconut Road earmark. At issue is who slipped the $10 million
boondoggle back into the transportation budget after it had been rejected by
Congress.

This is no minor mystery. The way precedent creeps around the Capitol, a
stealthy  $10 million alteration can easily be followed by one worth $100
million.

From the first, the project was classic pork -- an earmark that Representative
Don Young of Alaska, then the powerful G.O.P. transportation committee chairman,
tailored after visiting Florida and receiving $40,000 in developers' campaign
donations. Local officials objected, saying the proposed Coconut Road connection
to the interstate would increase land values but abuse the environment by
cutting across a valued wetland.

They requested that the $10 million go to more pressing interstate needs, an
appropriation both houses finally approved. Yet, the bill arrived for President
Bush's signature with the Coconut interchange miraculously substituted for what
Congress approved.

After months of Congressional chagrin about earmark corruption, Mr. Young's
office admitted that it may have been a staff member who altered the bill after
the vote, but not to finagle it -- only to somehow ''correct'' it.
Representative Young is the porkmeister who championed the notorious Bridge to
Nowhere. He remains incorrigible.

The latest transportation bill includes a high-speed rail link between Nevada
casinos and California that Mr. Young sought. Yes, the rail link developers made
a contribution to Mr. Young's campaign fund, and they even hired the same
lobbyist involved in the Coconut Road project, according to CQ Today.

All this may strike taxpayers as an investigative slam-dunk. The Senate's call
for help from the F.B.I. is commendable, but requires House concurrence. Speaker
Nancy Pelosi prefers that the inquiry be assigned to the House ethics committee,
a panel heretofore noted for interring, not illuminating, scandal. Both
investigations should go forward. That may be what is needed to finally solve
the mystery of Coconut Road.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Rest assured

BYLINE: By Bruce Miles bmiles@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 582 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- The Chicago Cubs had a "handle with care" approach with their
starting pitchers this season.

It started near the all-star break with the insertion of a sixth starter into
the rotation and continued with carefully managed workloads down the stretch.

The goals were twofold: to keep the starters healthy and to get a big payoff in
the playoffs.

It's the playoffs now, and the Cubs are up two games to none over the San
Francisco Giants in the National League division series.

Jake Arrieta pitches Game 3 Monday night against Giants ace Madison Bumgarner
with a chance to propel the Cubs into the championship series with a sweep.

Because of the approach taken by manager Joe Maddon and pitching coach Chris
Bosio, Arrieta's innings dropped from a career-high 229 in the regular season
last year (plus 19? more in the postseason) to 197? this year.

"Yeah, and it's always tough to rein in a thoroughbred," Maddon said Sunday at
AT&T Park, where the Cubs worked out lightly. "They all want to pitch. They all
want to play. They want to throw more pitches. They want to be on five-man
rotation from the first day to the last. And you just have to listen to that.

"But at some point you got to know what's the right thing to do, and we talked
about this, but I think it's really wise to consider a six-man before and right
after the all-star break. I think that's the perfect time to -- if you have that
guy.

"But if you can somehow finagle that extra guy from your system or really be
proactive in the off-season to get that balance in the middle of the season, you
saw what happened to us prior to the all-star break. We weren't very good. And
that was just a fatigue situation. Nothing to do with anything else."

The problem for Arrieta is the constant comparison between this season and last,
when he won the Cy Young with a record of 22-6 with an ERA of 1.77 and a WHIP of
0.87.

This year's numbers weren't bad by any stretch: 18-8 with an ERA of 3.10 and a
WHIP of 1.08.

Arrieta battled with his command much of the year, and he walked 76 batters
compared with 48 last year. But he did throw a no-hitter in each of the two
seasons.

So how does he digest the regular season this year?

"Well, from a numbers perspective, I would have liked maybe to be a little bit
better," he said Sunday. "But at the same time, (I) took the ball every five
days, had a lot of great things throughout the season to be excited about. Some
things that I've wanted to work on to improve on, obviously, especially in this
point in the season.

"But at the same time, I've prepared the same way from start to finish and
really like the process and trust the stuff moving forward and know that it's
more than good enough to have a lot of success for this team in the postseason."

Arrieta has said he's pitching against the Giants' lineup and not against
Bumgarner. Still, he says he knows the pitching matchup is a good one.

"He's a tremendous pitcher," Arrieta said. "He's got a lot of deception. He's
got plus stuff. He really knows how to pitch, and he's a guy who really seems to
shine brightest in the postseason when the games matter the most. So he's been
one of the best in the postseason for the last several years.

"We have got a challenge ahead of us, but we put ourselves in a really good
position, obviously taking care of business at home with the opportunity to
close the series out in three games and get back to Chicago and prepare."

* Follow Bruce's Cubs and baseball reports on Twitter @BruceMiles2112.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Jake Arrieta will try to help the Cubs close out the
Giants in three games when he goes up against Madison Bumgarner tonight at San
Francisco. Associated Press Jake Arrieta takes the mound tonight. Will the extra
rest he got earlier in the season pay off? Jake Arrieta will try to help the
Cubs close out the Giants in three games when he goes up against Madison
Bumgarner tonight at San Francisco. Chicago Cubs' Jake Arrieta works out before
Game 2 of baseball's National League division series against the San Francisco
Giants, Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Maddon stands by his approach with Cubs' rotation Cubs: Maddon prefers to give
starters a rest

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 580 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- The Cubs had a "handle with care" approach with their starting
pitchers this season.

It started near the all-star break with the insertion of a sixth starter into
the rotation and continued with carefully managed workloads down the stretch.

The goals were twofold: to keep the starters healthy and to get a big payoff in
the playoffs.

It's the playoffs now, and the Cubs are up two games to none over the San
Francisco Giants in the National League division series.

Jake Arrieta pitches Game 3 tonight against Giants ace Madison Bumgarner with a
chance to propel the Cubs into the championship series with a sweep.

Because of the approach taken by manager Joe Maddon and pitching coach Chris
Bosio, Arrieta's innings dropped from a career-high 229 in the regular season
last year (plus 19? more in the postseason) to 197? this year.

"Yeah, and it's always tough to rein in a thoroughbred," Maddon said Sunday at
AT&T Park, where the Cubs worked out lightly. "They all want to pitch. They all
want to play. They want to throw more pitches. They want to be on five-man
rotation from the first day to the last. And you just have to listen to that.

"But at some point you've got to know what's the right thing to do, and we
talked about this, but I think it's really wise to consider a six-man before and
right after the all-star break. I think that's the perfect time to -- if you
have that guy.

"But if you can somehow finagle that extra guy from your system or really be
proactive in the off-season to get that balance in the middle of the season, you
saw what happened to us prior to the all-star break. We weren't very good. And
that was just a fatigue situation. Nothing to do with anything else."

The problem for Arrieta is the constant comparison between this season and last,
when he won the Cy Young with a record of 22-6 with an ERA of 1.77 and a WHIP of
0.87.

This year's numbers weren't bad by any stretch: 18-8 with an ERA of 3.10 and a
WHIP of 1.08.

Arrieta battled with his command much of the year, and he walked 76 batters
compared with 48 last year. But he did throw a no-hitter in each of the two
seasons.

So how does he digest the regular season this year?

"Well, from a numbers perspective, I would have liked maybe to be a little bit
better," he said Sunday. "But at the same time, (I) took the ball every five
days, had a lot of great things throughout the season to be excited about. Some
things that I've wanted

to work on to improve on, obviously, especially in this point in the season.

"But at the same time, I've prepared the same way from start to finish and
really like the process and trust the stuff moving forward and know that it's
more than good enough to have a lot of success for this team in the postseason."

Arrieta has said he's pitching against the Giants' lineup and not against
Bumgarner. Still, he says he knows the pitching matchup is a good one.

"He's a tremendous pitcher," Arrieta said. "He's got a lot of deception. He's
got plus stuff. He really knows how to pitch, and he's a guy who really seems to
shine brightest in the postseason when the games matter the most. So he's been
one of the best in the postseason for the last several years.

"We have got a challenge ahead of us, but we put ourselves in a really good
position, obviously taking care of business at home with the opportunity to
close the series out in three games and get back to Chicago and prepare."

* Follow Bruce's Cubs and baseball reports on Twitter @BruceMiles2112.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Jake Arrieta will try to help the Cubs close out the
Giants in three games when he goes up against Madison Bumgarner tonight at San
Francisco. Associated Press Jake Arrieta takes the mound tonight. Will the extra
rest he got earlier in the season pay off? Jake Arrieta will try to help the
Cubs close out the Giants in three games when he goes up against Madison
Bumgarner tonight at San Francisco. Chicago Cubs' Jake Arrieta works out before
Game 2 of baseball's National League division series against the San Francisco
Giants, Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 22, 2008 Tuesday

The road to somewhere shady

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 365 words


The U.S. Senate has taken the unusual step of proposing that the Justice
Department begin a criminal investigation of a long-running congressional
embarrassment known as the Coconut Road earmark. At issue is who slipped the $10
million boondoggle back into the transportation budget after it had been
rejected by Congress.

This is no minor mystery. The way precedent creeps around the Capitol, a
stealthy $10 million alteration can easily be followed by one worth $100
million.

From the first, the project was classic pork - an earmark that Representative
Don Young of Alaska, then the powerful Republican transportation committee
chairman, tailored after visiting Florida and receiving $40,000 in developers'
campaign donations. Local officials objected, saying the proposed Coconut Road
connection to the interstate would increase land values but abuse the
environment by cutting across a valued wetland.

They requested that the $10 million go to more pressing interstate needs, an
appropriation both houses finally approved. Yet, the bill arrived for President
George W. Bush's signature with the Coconut interchange miraculously substituted
for what Congress approved.

After months of congressional chagrin about earmark corruption, Young's office
admitted that it may have been a staff member who altered the bill after the
vote, but not to finagle it - only to somehow ''correct'' it. Young is the
porkmeister who championed the notorious Bridge to Nowhere. He remains
incorrigible.

The latest transportation bill includes a high-speed rail link between Nevada
casinos and California that Young sought. Yes, the rail link developers made a
contribution to Young's campaign fund, and they even hired the same lobbyist
involved in the Coconut Road project, according to CQ Today.

All this may strike taxpayers as an investigative slam-dunk. The Senate's call
for help from the FBI is commendable, but requires House concurrence. Speaker
Nancy Pelosi prefers that the inquiry be assigned to the House ethics committee,
a panel heretofore noted for interring, not illuminating, scandal. Both
investigations should go forward. That may be what is needed to finally solve
the mystery of Coconut Road.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             April 17, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Fair redistricting;
Commission approach targets gerrymandering

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 396 words


A hearing by the Legislature's Joint Committee on Election Laws last week
warranted far more than the scant notice it received from the public and press.

At issue at the Wednesday session were changes proposed by Common Cause and
spearheaded by Sen. Richard T. Moore that, if enacted, would make an improvement
of historic proportions in the way congressional and legislative districts are
drawn in Massachusetts. The proposals, originally scheduled to be debated by the
constitutional convention last July 12, were collateral damage in the procedural
skirmishing over same-sex marriage.

In essence, the changes would place primary responsibility for drawing political
districts - now controlled by the legislative leadership - into the hands of an
independent redistricting commission. The intent is to avoid flagrantly
gerrymandered districts such as the 3rd Congressional District that snakes from
Mount Wachusett to Buzzards Bay. It also would go a long way toward ending the
kind of legal fiascoes that occurred in 1987, 1993 and 2004, when badly flawed
redistricting plans were nullified by the courts.

The proposed system, already used in Iowa, Arizona and several other states,
would create a nonpartisan commission working under redistricting guidelines
intended to prevent political favoritism.

The amendment would require districts to be roughly equal in population,
contiguous and drawn in accordance with federal law. To the greatest feasible
extent, they would have to respect town and city borders, group communities of
interest, nest smaller districts within larger ones and maintain geographic
compactness. Maps drawn to help or harm any candidate would be taboo. Districts
could not disenfranchise minority communities - as did the Boston-area finagle
that precipitated the political downfall of House Speaker Thomas M. Finneran.
Public input and a public process would be required.

Clearly, voters are more than ready for a fairer, less politicized redistricting
system. All 15 Massachusetts House districts that voted on redistricting in 2004
endorsed reform overwhelmingly.

As we have said before, the redistricting debacles in the last three decades
should have persuaded the most dewy-eyed lawmakers that self-serving
gerrymandering is a temptation their leadership can't resist.

It's time - and long past time - to let an independent commission take over the
job.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      April 10, 1996 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Einstein bagels hires ex-L.A. Gear exec

BYLINE: Penny Parker, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 384 words


Einstein Bros. Bagels Inc. is banking that Mark Goldston can do for bagels what
he did for light-up shoes.

Goldston, the former president of L.A. Gear athletic shoes, will join Einstein
Bros. as president and CEO, the Golden-based company announced yesterday. In
accepting the No. 2 position with the fledgling bagel company, Goldston said he
hopes to achieve nothing less than "to build a world-class, multi-unit operation
which sells the best bagels in the world."

When you think bagels, Goldston wants you to think Einstein's. His company role
model is Boston Chicken Inc., the fast-growing restaurant chain that bankrolled
the bagel company. Einstein's is funded in part by a senior secured loan from
Boston Chicken which can be converted in a majority equity interest in
Einstein's.

For the past 18 months, Goldston has worked as a consultant with Boston Chicken.
He said that established relationship was key to making the decision to leave
his own company Odyssey Partners and sign on with Einstein's.

"I've developed a tremendous mutual respect for the people at Boston Chicken and
their whole code of operating," Goldston said. "They get a lot done."

Einstein Bros. Bagels was formed a year ago from the acquisition of five bagel
companies across the country. The company currently operates and franchises 135
stores under the brand names Einstein, Noah's New York Bagels, Bagel & Bagel,
Offerdahl's Bagel Gourmet and Baltimore Bagel. Einstein's next acquisition will
be Boston-based Finagle A Bagel.

Goldston acknowledged the tremendous competition in the bagel business, led by
Bruegger's Bagels, the largest bagel chain.

"Bruegger's has got a reasonable amount of critical mass, an OK concept and
product," Goldston said. "The challenge will be to outposition, outmarket,
outquality and outservice them."

Goldston, 41, started his career by marketing Extra-Strength Tylenol. Other
products he helped launch were The ReebokPump, Power Stick Deodorant at Faberge,
Revlon fragrance products, No Fear clothing and L.A. Gear lighted shoes - for
which he holds the patent. He left L.A. Gear in June 1994 to start his own
company.

"The good news about a business like this is the house isn't burning," Goldston
said. "I plan to get real smart real quick then figure out what to do."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             June 24, 2010 Thursday

KILMER: 'I LOVE IT HERE'

BYLINE: TOM SHARPE

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 973 words


After actor's apology, San Miguel County OKs his ranch plan

By Tom Sharpe

The New Mexican

LAS VEGAS, N.M. -- Val Kilmer got approval Wednesday to rent guesthouses on his
Pecos River Ranch after the actor apologized for his remarks in two national
magazines about his neighbors being drunks and criminals.

"I'd just like to say from my heart that I love it here," he told a packed
meeting of the San Miguel County Commission. "My children were born here. My
grandfather's buried down in Truth or Consequences. I got married here."

Earlier this year, the commissioners approved Kilmer's application to rent out
three guesthouses on his 5,332-acre ranch. But a neighbor, Adran Tapia of Rowe,
appealed the decision, citing Kilmer's comments published in 2003 in Rolling
Stone and in 2005 in Esquire.

In the Rolling Stone article, Kilmer said he carries a gun and called San Miguel
County "the homicide capital of the Southwest." He also was quoted as saying "80
percent of the people in my county are drunk."

In the Esquire article, Kilmer was quoted as saying he understands the Vietnam
War better than veterans there because many are "borderline criminals or poor É
wretched kids" who "got beat up by their dads" and "couldn't finagle a
scholarship."

At a May 4 public hearing, more than a dozen people spoke against Kilmer's plans
for his property and three spoke in favor before the issue was tabled to give
Kilmer a chance to speak for himself.

State police escorted Kilmer to the county courthouse in Las Vegas on Wednesday.
More than a dozen law-enforcement officers were in the commission chambers.
Police allowed in only 37 spectators, leaving some people waiting on the
courthouse steps.

One who got inside, Miguel Pacheco of Las Vegas, said he wanted to speak about
Kilmer's "lack of respect for the local people." Paul Martinez of Amalia said he
wanted to talk about how Kilmer's land encroaches on land grants. Joe McCaffrey
of Las Vegas said he just came to listen as a "news junkie."

Tapia, who was the only person allowed to speak besides Kilmer, used his five
minutes to complain that it's unconstitutional to deny other speakers. He
accused the commissioners of creating a "police state" by packing the room with
officers, who he said were intimidating some people.

Tapia said he doesn't believe Kilmer's previous claims that he was misquoted by
Rolling Stone and Esquire. "They have it on tape," he said. "They know what he
said and they're prepared to defend that."

Kilmer, 50, dressed in a dark suit with no tie and his blond hair tied back into
a ponytail, began by apologizing for any offense to New Mexicans.

"I understand that a lot of the drama over that is because of simply my job --
that I'm a public figure," said the star of such films as Batman Forever, The
Doors and Tombstone. "I was recently in Switzerland and a reporter came up and
asked me about this meeting, and I was able to be good-humored about it."

Over the 25 years he has lived on the ranch, Kilmer said, he has tried to be a
good neighbor, donate to charities and help attract more movie productions to
New Mexico. He said in-state filmmaking has gone from $3 million a year under
former Gov. Gary Johnson to $3 billion a year under Gov. Bill Richardson.

"That's the fastest growth since the atomic bomb," he said. "I'm very proud of
that."

In response to questions from Commissioner Nicolas Leger, Kilmer said he hopes
to rent out the guesthouses as part of a fundraising effort for a wildlife
center in Española and "local concerns about the river." He said family and
friends now stay in the guesthouses, so he doesn't expect commercial rentals to
bring an increase in the number of people.

Kilmer said he felt "the sting of my words" when he read them in the two
magazines. He said his remark about drunkenness was made while urging a visitor
to drive safely after a Santa Fe judge had told him about the high rate of
drunken driving and his mother was hit by a drunken driver.

Reading from a prepared text handed him by his lawyer, John Silver of Santa Fe,
Kilmer said he takes issue "with the way the reporter chose to transform our
earnest discussion" and believes his words were "misconstrued and taken out of
context" for the sake of magazine sales, but "I take full responsibility for the
results and the consequences."

Regarding the comments on veterans, Kilmer said he was talking about acting and
did not mean to disparage people who fought for their country. "I literally just
don't understand how can anyone speak poor of veterans," he said.

After Kilmer sat down, Tapia asked to speak again. After he was granted a few
more minutes, he noted that Kilmer said several times that he had lived in the
area for 25 years.

"I want to remind Mr. Kilmer my people, the Hispanic people, have lived her for
400 years and we've treated you gringos all good," Tapia said to applause from
the spectators.

County Attorney Jesus Lopez said some commissioners had received "hate mail" and
angry telephone calls from Kilmer supporters who said they had no right to
consider Kilmer's published comments in their deliberations over land use, as
well as pressure from the American Civil Liberties Union.

Lopez, a former district attorney and county Democratic Party chairman, praised
the commissioners for delaying action until a second hearing. But he said the
application meets every requirement and it would be folly to deny it. "Let's put
this to bed and live as good neighbors," he said.

Leger moved to approve the application, June Garcia seconded and the six
commissioners voted unanimously to approve it.

Police led Kilmer out of the chambers and through a back door to his maroon
Honda sedan, parked in an area cordoned off with yellow tape. Asked for comment,
he only said, "Lovely day," before driving away.

Contact Tom Sharpe at 986-3080 or tsharpe@sfnewmexican.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 30, 2000, Friday

A piece of history adds polish to office

BYLINE: JAN GLIDEWELL

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; OFF / BEAT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 645 words



There is only so much bragging that friends and readers will tolerate about
anything new (If you don't believe me, ask me about my love life and watch them
run for cover), so I am trying to contain my enthusiasm for our new office,
which is in the Old Dade City Hall building in (appropriately) downtown Dade
City.

We like it, even though those of us on the third floor are beginning to realize
the harsh reality that hot air rises and, without reference to those who occupy
the lower floors, that can be a factor in a Florida summer.

And, to be fair, three flights of stairs looked a lot different to me on the
paper chart from which I chose my new office, than they look to my thighs during
four or five trips a day up and down them. (I think they put the coffeemaker on
the ground floor as part of a de facto physical fitness program for me - who
needs it - and for my younger colleagues - who really don't.)

But what I want to tell you about today is the floors.

All of us with hardwood floors are proud of them. I have one friend who is so
proud of the job she did in refinishing hers that she keeps them shined to the
point where the glare can blind you if the setting sun hits them just right.

And we, of course, are proud of our new floors, but I had the chance eight years
ago to learn a little secret that makes them even more dear.

Jean Larkin, who owns the building that we lease, first had it renovated for use
as Presents, a gift shop operated by her and close friends Renie Jordan and
Julia Pittman.

If you know Julia Pittman, you know that she is one of the nicest women in Pasco
County. If you don't know her, you should try to finagle an introduction.

At the time that plans were being made to renovate the building where our
offices are now situated, First Union Bank was replicating the brick building
that had once housed its predecessor, the Bank of Pasco County, and decided to
tear down the old Sunnybrook Tobacco building.

The Sunnybrook building had housed, at different times, the bank's trust
department, and, the entire bank during the construction of the new brick bank
building. For those of us who were devotees, the old Quaker Bar, before it moved
to a location on Seventh Street, also had been part of the Sunnybrook building.

When the old buildings came down, souvenir buffs were on hand trying to grab
anything . . . a brick . . . a piece of rubble . . . a splinter of wood, so that
they could own a piece of history.

But Larkin and Jordan had a different type of souvenir in mind.

Larkin and her husband, Jon, salvaged the floor out of the old tobacco company
and stored it, quietly, until renovations for the Old City Hall commenced.

Then, just as quietly, they had the old floor installed on the ground floor of
the Old City Hall.

They did that because Pittman, who comes from a pioneer Pasco family, knew that
both of her grandfathers and her father had worked at the tobacco company back
when tobacco was king in East Pasco.

Larkin and Jordan thought it would be nice if Pittman could come to work each
day and walk on the same floors her forebearers had and broke the news to her at
a tearful luncheon shortly before Presents opened.

Presents didn't make it as a business, no surprise. Several ventures have failed
in the building where Dade City movers and shakers once made governmental
decisions. The businesses came and went.

But the floors remain.

And, although I had no connection to the tobacco company, I was made privy to
the sentiment that went into that one particular part of the remodeling. And,
although I can't gain the satisfaction that Pittman did when I come to work in
the morning, I know that I come to a place where nice people did a good thing
simply for the sake of doing it.

And I want those involved to know that we know.

And that we are taking good care of the floors.


LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 26, 1998, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

WATERFRONT LURES NOVELISTS AND RESEARCHERS : ELINOR LIPMAN MIXES PREJUDICE,;
INTERFAITH LOVE

BYLINE: Lee Ann Sandweiss; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. C5

LENGTH: 748 words


Elinor Lipman's latest novel, "The Inn at Lake Devine," is a witty exploration
of the cultural prejudices and assumptions that are most at home among those who
consider themselves above such character flaws: educated, middle-class Americans
who can afford summer vacations.

In the summer of 1962, Natalie Marx, Lipman's spunky adolescent heroine and
narrator, is outraged by the written response her mother receives to a vacation
query sent to the Inn at Lake Devine: "Our guests who feel most comfortable here
and return year after year are Gentiles." Annoyed by her parents' decision to
take the high road and find another vacation spot, Natalie is determined to
infiltrate the genteel Yankee enclave in Vermont and finagles an invitation from
a casual friend, Robin Fife, to accompany her family on their annual vacation at
the Inn.

Natalie's nemesis is Mrs. Ingrid Berry, operator of the Inn and author of the
offensive letter. A frosty proprietress with Semitic radar, Ingrid rules the
roost, controlling every detail, from choosing bland entrees for the Inn's menu,
to booking - or not - guests.

The rest of the Berry clan consists of meek, henpecked Karl, who spends much of
his time hiding in the woods picking mushrooms (which, oddly enough, come to
play a dramatic role in the story), and two wholesome Berry sons: first-born
Nelson, perennial heartthrob of the young female guests at the Inn, and Kris,
who has lived his entire life in Nelson's shadow, but whose humility and droll
sense of humor make him the novel's most likable character.

After establishing the polarity between the uber-Wasp Berry bunch and the
culturally Jewish Marx family, Lipman leaps forward to 1974. Tragedy strikes
during the holiday season, when the lovely Robin Fife is killed in a car
accident en route to the Inn for her wedding to Nelson Berry.

Natalie is one of the wedding guests who have converged on the Inn for the
festivities. When the joyous occasion becomes a wake, Natalie, now an unemployed
chef, makes herself useful by whipping up comfort foods and tending to the
grief-stricken families and friends. During the week that follows, an undeniable
but unspoken attraction develops between Natalie and Kris Berry. This budding
romance is cut short by the meddling of the Marx family, which appears on the
scene to whisk Natalie away from the Inn.

Natalie and Kris eventually get together, no thanks to Natalie's disapproving,
meddlesome parents. Turnabout is fair play as the young couple steals away for a
weekend to a Cat-

skills resort run by the Jewish family of one of Nelson Berry's college chums.

Lipman brilliantly captures the quintessential, if not amusingly cliche,
Jewishness of the sprawling compound: impossibly large meals with multiple
entrees and relish trays heaped with pickled herring, Friday night services,
ballroom dancing in the Red Sea Room to the music of the Sonny Cirrell
Orchestra, yada, yada, yada. . . .

It is parents - with the exception of the benign Karl Berry - who take it on the
chin in this novel. Natalie's vilification of "Ingrid Hitler Berry" occasionally
borders on shrill paranoia, as in her recollection of Ingrid's response to the
Marx family's residence: " 'Newton, MassaJewsetts?' said Mrs. Berry softly,
sarcastically, the offending syllable almost lost in her 180-degree pivot to the
file box." Although her self-confidence and tenacity are essential to attaining
her goals, Natalie Marx is a dangerously annoying main character: condescending,
defensive and manipulative, especially in her treatment of poor Robin Fife.

By the novel's end, interfaith marriages abound, leaving all sets of parents -
Jew and Gentile alike - bonded both by mutual disappointment that their children
have married outside their respective folds, and by gratification that their
children are happy and madly in love.

Inspired by humiliating first-hand experience (the author's own mother had
received a letter 35 years ago like the one that launches the novel), Lipman
stays the course, never departing from her central themes - the insidious nature
of cultural prejudice, and the true love that conquers all. Infused with
Lipman's intelligence and deft comic wit, "The Inn at Lake Devine" is, at once,
a delightfully romantic love story and a politically correct primer for social
conduct and wise parenting.

*** 'The Inn at Lake Devine'

A novel by Elinor Lipman

Published by Random House, 253 pages, $ 23

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 14, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition

Where the Powerful Go to Pray;
The District's St. John's Is 'Church of Presidents'

BYLINE: Marjorie Hyer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B6; RELIGION

LENGTH: 803 words


"Fred, I'd love to get you in if I can . . . " the Rev. John C. Harper is saying
into the telephone that never stops ringing these days as inauguration fever,
that quadrennial malady marked by a passion to rub shoulders with the powerful,
rages again.

The reason Harper's phone is overheated these days is that next Friday he will
conduct an early morning prayer service preceding the inauguration of George
Bush as president.

After you get in the president-elect and 239 of his relatives and the vice
president-elect and his relatives, plus a couple hundred key dignitaries, there
will still be a few seats left in the classic St. John's Church, across
Lafayette Park from the White House, for those lucky enough to finagle an
invitation.

In recent years, St. John's, which calls itself "the Church of Presidents," has
turned up in the national spotlight every four years as the site of such
inaugural prayer services. "We did it twice for Reagan," Harper recalls -- in
1980 and 1984.

The Episcopal parish was organized in 1815 to serve as a parish church for the
president and his family -- helicoptering up to Camp David for the weekend not
being an option then -- and every president since James Madison, including the
nation's only Roman Catholic president, has attended.

"Kennedy came when I was installed as rector," Harper recalled in an interview
this week. The two men had known each other at Harvard and when Harper came to
St. John's, he invited his former schoolmate to attend "to keep our sign
honest," the one about being the church of presidents.

"He said he had served as usher a couple times at weddings here" while he was a
member of Congress, Harper said. "I supposed that counted, but then he came when
I was installed."

In an era when Catholics routinely stayed away from non-Catholic services, it
was a courageous thing for Kennedy to do.

Harper has preached on at least one occasion to every president in office since
he has been at St. John's. "Johnson came, Nixon came once on Good Friday and I
preached at the White House twice," he ticked them off.

Gerald Ford, a member of Immanual Church-on-the-Hill in Alexandria during his
years in Congress, attended St. John's regularly when he moved to the White
House, Harper said. Jimmy Carter played hooky one Sunday from First Baptist
Church, where he taught a Sunday school class, to attend St. John's.

And Ronald Reagan came three times during his eight years -- the two inaugural
prayer services "and one Sunday when the Naval Academy choir sang," Harper
recalled.

Bush has said in one interview that he intends to become a regular at St.
John's, but Harper is scrupulous about not presuming either on tradition or his
longstanding friendship with the incoming president.

Inside the cream-and-white sanctuary of St. John's, a brass plaque on Pew 54 a
third of the way back identifies it as the "President's Pew." And among the
footstool-like kneelers under the pews, covered with the presidential seal
worked in needlepoint, there is one with each president's name worked into the
rich burgundy background.

But if St. John's is heedful of its traditions and its role in national history,
its primary ministry is to less exalted citizens.

It has "about 1,000" members, according to Harper, most of whom drive past a
number of other churches in the District, Virginia and Maryland to attend
services.

There are four reasons people come to St. John's, Harper said. "One, we're a
historic national church; two, preaching; three, music (10 percent of our budget
goes for music) and four, a Christian education program" that has an average
attendance of 75 children each Sunday, relatively high for a downtown
congregation.

Members are almost stereotypically Episcopalian: government officials, doctors,
lawyers, accountants, teachers. But Harper has seen the church embracing a wider
spectrum. "When I came, every member of the vestry [lay governing body] was a
member of the Metropolitan Club. Now only two are . . . .

"We don't have a lot of black families, but we have some."

And, he added, "I don't think we're any longer the Republican Party at prayer."
The church membership now is pretty well divided between the two political
parties, he said.

St. John's makes a point of trying to serve people in its immediate community,
who may or may not be a part of the Sunday morning congregation. A daily noon
prayer service draws a couple dozen people every weekday. An Alcoholics
Anonymous group meets every day.

There is a counseling center, a noontime organ recital on Wednesdays, and a
weekly luncheon, open to the public for a modest fee, at which only French is
spoken.

"We really have two congregations," Harper said. "We are involved with 23
different organizations . . . . Our emphasis is on outreach."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AT LEFT IS THE STEEPLE OF ST. JOHN'S, ACROSS LAFAYETTE PARK FROM
THE WHITE HOUSE, IN BACKGROUND.  BELOW IS ONE OF THE CHURCH'S KNEELERS WITH
PRESIDENTIAL SEAL.  THERE'S ONE WITH EACH PRESIDENT'S NAME. CAROL GUZY

TYPE: DC NEWS, PROFILE

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Automotive News
                                 Print Version

                               February 13, 2017

Mad dash to sell comes to the big screen

SECTION: Pg. 44 Vol. 91

LENGTH: 286  words


Mark King had a story to tell after 20 years in various sales and management
jobs in dealerships, and it is about to hit the big screen.

The 44-year-old Los Angeles resident drew on his experiences to write the
feature film Car Dogs, a comedy-drama that focuses on an ambitious dealership
general manager played by Patrick J. Adams from USA Network's "Suits."

King started out working at his stepfather's dealership in Phoenix. "At age 11,
I was scrubbing toilets, washing cars and picking cigarette butts off the lot,"
he said.

In his screenplay, the store's cutthroat owner - and the general manager's
father (Chris Mulkey) - offers his son a stake in a new store. But there's a
catch - the owner needs to put a deposit on the new spot by the end of the day.
That means Adams' character has to meet the month's sales quota by selling 35
cars by 5 p.m. to earn enough for the deposit.

Fortunately, he has an aggressive and eccentric sales team, including George
Lopez and Nia Vardalos of My Big Fat Greek Wedding fame. The salespeople charm,
trick and finagle customers - one played by Oscar winner Octavia Spencer - into
buying new cars.

Can the sales team withstand the pressure, and will the general manager succumb
to the questionable business practices his father has pushed him into?

"Mark King really lived this experience and wrote a script that feels real to
the automotive world," says the film's director, Adam Collis. "I think people in
the auto industry are going to appreciate how the movie makes them feel."

Car Dogs, which was produced with help from the Arizona State University Film
Spark program, hits theaters in Phoenix on March 24. If all works out, it will
be released around the country later this year.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AN


                      Copyright 2017 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                                  WEB Edition

Ford: Eagles brass silent while Pederson explains Huff mess

BYLINE: By Bob Ford; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 853 words


After about a dozen questions at Doug Pederson's weekly Wednesday news
conference, several things had been firmly established.

The coach was disappointed that receiver/returner Josh Huff had apparently not
heard that the only places in the Philadelphia region where you absolutely do
not speed are the four bridges patrolled by the Delaware River Port Authority,
which really doesn't have a whole lot else to occupy its time.

"It's not what you want to see happen on a player day off," Pederson said.

Not only disappointed, Pederson said he was also angry "deep down," particularly
since he has made a repeated point of telling the players to be smart away from
the complex, and recently had Nigel Bradham serve as an example when the
linebacker went through security at Miami International Airport having removed
neither his shoes, his liquids nor the loaded handgun in his backpack.

"If you make poor choices in life, you're going to make poor choices on the
football field," Pederson said. "If it's a constant thing, eventually you'll
suffer the consequences."

Aside from the legal ramifications that could result from Tuesday's stop on the
Walt Whitman Bridge, Huff's screw-up might also be the tipping point beyond
which the Eagles organization can no longer just ignore this stuff. Eventually,
as incidents pile up, the team has to either make a show of disapproval or be
accused of a fundamental lack of discipline.

That remains to be seen. Pederson said the organization is still in fact-finding
mode, although there seems to be a wealth of facts to weigh from both the police
report and from Pederson's own chat with Huff. What the team is waiting to see
is whether this might blow over by the next news cycle. Maybe Huff can finagle
pretrial intervention to avoid possible jail time. Maybe he'll merely have to
return kicks while wearing an ankle monitor.

Like most sports organizations that employ young millionaires who have been
treated as stars since they were teenagers, the Eagles are realistic about their
ability to control anything. It's more about damage control than real control,
and if they have to suspend or cut someone in order to achieve the appearance of
it, that's what they will do.

What is wrong, or looked wrong as Pederson worked his way through the questions
about his disappointment, his level of disappointment, his plans for dealing
with this disappointment, and the potential for future disappointment, was that
the head coach was out there by himself. This was a time when someone higher up
the food chain in the organization should have been speaking for owner Jeff
Lurie, including perhaps Lurie himself.

Instead, the bosses were content to let the football coach fumble through the
team's vague policies and fall back on the same he's-here-until-he's-not
observation that Pederson employed while Lane Johnson was awaiting suspension.
It would have been nice for someone who will be among the decision-makers for
the organization's ultimate action - which is way above Pederson's pay grade -
to be the one standing up on Wednesday, but it was just the coach dodging the
repetitive body blows.

"Are we playing the Giants this week?" Pederson said. "Just wondering."

They are, and it will be Huff returning the opening kickoff if that's the way
the coin flip turns out. He has one return for a touchdown this season and
brought another back 53 yards against the Cowboys last Sunday. Of course,
Wendell Smallwood also has a TD return and, like every other receiver, there's
nothing special about Huff's contributions on offense. If he sees his situation
clearly, he's expendable; if not this season, then very soon. It will cost the
Eagles $705,000 in cash money to keep him for next year and a mere $139,000 in
dead cap space to get rid of him.

That's a precarious spot for a player who has embarrassed the organization, and
Huff can also look forward to more frequent "random" drug testing by the league
now that he has attracted the eye of Sauron. As Pederson said, there are
consequences for actions and Huff is only starting to feel those.

"I can't let this define me and it won't define me," Huff said, but tell that to
Google, which will bring up the Driving While Dumb incident forever when you
search his name.

Meanwhile, the Eagles top brass hides behind its own set of tinted windows.
There's no telling what's going on in there, or whether there is a core belief
that extends beyond damage control. On Wednesday, the bosses kept the windows
rolled up and sent the football coach out to talk to the cops. They have the
right to remain silent, I guess, but that doesn't make it right.

bford@phillynews.com

@bobfordsports

Eagles' Huff arrested; handgun, marijuana found in car

http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/eagles/20161102_Eagles__Huff_arrested__handg
un__marijuana_found_in_car.html

Josh Huff explains why he was pulled over with a gun

http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/sports/eagles/Josh-Huff-gun.html

Huff arrest the latest lowlight for Eagles' receiving corps

http://www.philly.com/philly/columnists/les_bowen/20161102_Huff_arrest_the_lates
t_lowlight_for_Eagles__receiving_corps.html

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: David Maialetti / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 12, 2007 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

DISC GOLF FLINGS ITSELF OUT OF OBSCURITY

BYLINE: By Marek Warszawski Fresno Bee

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 429 words


FRESNO, Calif. - Boris Vrbich can hardly contain his excitement as we approach
the first tee of his favorite golf course.

"This is like going to church," Vrbich says.

A few steps ahead, Kent Luckin is set to tee off. Except Luckin isn't gripping a
metal club, he's holding a plastic disc. And instead of a flagstick, he's aiming
for an elevated metal basket lined with hanging chains.

With his arm stretched across his body, Luckin spins around the tee box, barely
keeping his toes on the cement pad as the disc takes flight. Undeterred by a
steady headwind, it sails into the distance for what seems like a very long time
before settling 10 feet from the basket.

These guys are good.

Disc golf might be a niche sport, but that niche is growing. At least it is
around here. When a friend told me a while back that 100 people play Fresno's
Woodward Legacy course on a typical Saturday or Sunday, I naturally scoffed.

Too soon, it turns out.

"It's grown so much," says Tim Guild, one of Fresno's disc golf pioneers.
"Sometimes when I go out there I'm just floored by the number of cars in the
parking lot."

Feeling a bit excluded by this latest recreation craze, I meet up with Vrbich
and Luckin, two Woodward Legacy regulars, and finagle an invitation to join them
for a round.

The first thing anyone should know about disc golf is these aren't the Frisbees
people toss on the beach. In fact, if you tried to catch one of these discs it
would probably leave a welt. Besides having pointed or beveled edges, golf discs
are smaller in diameter and made from heavier-grade plastics.

Like golf clubs, different discs have different uses.

"I bring 16 discs and probably throw 14 of them during a round," Luckin says.

"But all you really need is two," interjects Vrbich, whose bag also contains
iPod speakers so he can listen to reggae while on the course. "That's the neat
thing."

Using exclusively drivers and putters, I muddle through the first several holes
making pars and bogeys. Even though they vary by difficulty, all 18 holes are
par 3.

I'm beginning to realize why more people are playing disc golf. Besides being
inexpensive, it's also fun and oddly addicting.

According to the Professional Disc Golf Association, a group that claims more
than 16,000 members, California (107) ranks second only to Texas (131) in the
number of disc golf courses nationwide. According to pdga.org Georgia has 30, as
does South Carolina. Lake Olmstead and Pendleton King are in Augusta, Patriots
Park is in Grovetown. Aiken features the Odell Weeks course and North Augusta
has the Riverview Park course.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GOLF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 27, 2002 Saturday Metro Edition

PHILLIES 3, BRAVES 2: Wolf gets revenge against Millwood

BYLINE: THOMAS STINSON

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 437 words


Randy Wolf had to figure the Braves owed him one. And maybe they did.

Five days after holding Atlanta to two runs and losing, he did it again but this
time won 3-2, despite a steady stream of Braves base-runners in the late stages.
The Braves dropped the opening game of a nine-game homestand before 44,744 at
Turner Field.

The Braves, limited by Wolf (6-7) to four singles, put nine men in scoring
position in the last three innings but scored only once. Closer Jose Mesa loaded
the bases in the ninth before inducing Gary Sheffield into a game-ending
groundout to second.

The last-place Phillies took their fourth straight and won for the 18th time in
their last 24 road games.

Atlanta starter Kevin Millwood (9-6), who beat Wolf 2-1 last Sunday, gave up
three runs on eight hits in seven innings but watched his seven-game winning
streak end. The Braves had won 10 straight games that Millwood started, dating
back to June 3.

Atlanta finally reached Wolf in the seventh, Andruw Jones and Vinny Castilla
opening the inning with singles and moving to second and third bases on Henry
Blanco's sacrifice.

After pinch hitter Julio Franco fell behind 0-2, he managed to finagle a walk to
load the bases, which chased Wolf for reliever Hector Mercado.

When Furcal chopped the first pitch back to the mound, Mercado inexplicably
threw to first. That allowed Castilla, who was halfway down the line as he
fielded the ball, to score to close the lead to 3-2.

Atlanta broke through with an unearned run in the fifth, scoring without the
benefit of a hit to close to 3-1. After Andruw Jones opened the inning with a
walk, Castilla sent a potential double-play ball at shortstop Jimmy Rollins.

As he lunged, the ball took a bad high hop and slapped off Rollins' glove to the
outfield grass. Two batters later, Blanco sent a sacrifice fly to the
right-field warning track, scoring Jones with his fourth RBI in two games.

Wolf so well blanketed the Braves order through the game's first half that the
lone offensive highlight of the first four innings was a single by Sheffield. It
extended the right fielder's streak to 51 consecutive games in which he's
reached base successfully.

The Phillies already had six hits off Millwood by the third inning and while a
couple were bloop shots by Mike Lieberthal and Scott Rolen, others were not.

Take Rollins, who entered the game in a 1-for-28 slump and was batting .158
against Atlanta pitching this season. After Ricky Ledee opened the third with a
single, Rollins lined a homer over the right-field fence, his eighth of the
season, for a quick 3-0 lead.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 21, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Mirant Will Restart Controversial Va. Plant

BYLINE: Annie Gowen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B07

LENGTH: 578 words


Mirant Corp. officials announced a limited reopening of their power plant in
Alexandria yesterday but said they had not yet made changes to the plant to
reduce pollution levels that alarmed state environmental officials and prompted
closure of the plant last month.

Instead, the company reworked a computer study using more "realistic" scenarios
that ended up with numbers its officials feel will bring it within air quality
standards, said Steven Arabia, a Mirant spokesman.

The company notified the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality late
yesterday of its intention to reopen the troubled plant, which supplies power to
thousands of homes in the District. The Department of Environmental Quality has
no authority to stop the plant's reopening because its shutdown was voluntary,
department spokesman Bill Hayden said. However, the department could impose
hefty fines later or revoke the plant's permit to operate. The plant was
shuttered after a study showed it could exceed national air quality standards
under certain circumstances.

Plans call for running one of five generators at the plant up to 16 hours a day,
with an eight-hour break. Using one unit will produce less than a quarter of the
power the plant can generate at full capacity, Arabia said.

"We were going to move as quickly as we could to get the plant back into service
. . . and this is the first step in that process," Arabia said.

Critics of the plant were furious at the move. "They simply unilaterally
announced they were reopening the plant without making any improvements or
installing any modern pollution controls," said U.S. Rep. James P. Moran Jr.
(D-Va.). "It's par for the course: Do it on the cheap, don't invest any money
and finagle a way to get around the regulations."

Arabia countered that Mirant will have to make changes to the plant in order to
fully reopen. "Those kinds of things will be necessary in order to get
additional units online," Arabia said. "This is a significant step but one of
many that are to come."

State and local officials were trying to analyze the ramifications of the
decision late yesterday. The Department of Environmental Quality responded with
a letter saying that it had "serious reservations" with Mirant's new analysis,
according to Hayden.

Richard J. Baier, Alexandria's director of transportation and environmental
services, said the city  --  which has been trying to get the plant closed for
more than a year  --  was combing through Mirant's new model late yesterday.

"We're concerned there may be a numbers game here," Baier said.

When Mirant shut down Aug. 24, other public safety officials across the region
protested the decision, calling it a threat to the region's power grid and
national security.

"The concern is that the plant supplies a significant source of power for the
District of Columbia," said Richard E. Morgan, D.C. Public Service commissioner.
"Without that plant, the lights will stay on as long as we don't have a major
heat wave along with equipment failures, which can and do happen. We're
concerned that it could be only a matter of time before there is a power
outage."

Activists in Alexandria, who have long lamented the aging plant's existence and
have seen it as a major polluter, decried Mirant's tactics.

Neighborhood activist Poul Hertel said that Mirant was "obfuscating" by
inserting its own numbers into accepted testing methods, getting results that
were "not scientifically valid."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                            November 6, 2007 Tuesday

Hotel horror thriller checks in for an unmemorable stay

BYLINE: MANNING, David

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION; VERDICT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 381 words


1408 (Starring John Cusack. Directed by Mikael Hafsrom. M. State Cinema)

This horror tale - based on a Stephen King short story - had potential to be an
ingenious, metaphorical, psychological thriller.

It is about a man without beliefs who purposely stays in a hotel room that no
one has ever left alive. The room, 1408 at New York City's Dolphin Hotel, could
figuratively be the guest's own mind, in which their own dreaded fears and
guilts kill them.

Room 1408 could be a version of Room 101 in the Ministry of Love in George
Orwell's 1984, where people are sent to confront their worst nightmares.

John Cusack admirably plays Mike Enslin, the author of tourist guidebooks to
haunted places and who, despite his best efforts, has never seen a ghost or
experienced anything inexplicable in any of the spooky destinations he's checked
out.

Then he gets an anonymous postcard about Room 1408, in which all 56 guests died
- some from suicide, others grisly deaths - before the room was closed to the
public. Moreover, none of those people lasted longer than one hour alive.

Despite warnings from the hotel manager (Samuel L Jackson, in a few brief
scenes), Mike finagles his way into the room. Soon, he not only encounters
mysterious and bizarre occurrences but begins to see ghosts and experience such
visions that he thinks he might have been drugged .

When he discovers that he cannot get out of the room by its door (there's a
window, but it's 14 storeys above the ground), he is soon fighting for survival
as a bedside clock radio ticks off the seconds of the hour he has left to live.

Among the spirits he sees is his own dead daughter, which reveals his
estrangement from his wife (Mary McCormack) and opens a door to his own state of
mind and the possibilities of what the room represents.

But this movie isn't that ambitious; there's no heady symbolism at work here.

The story is unpredictable in how it will end, but the outcome - whose message
is that evil can be found in the most banal surroundings, and that spirits do
exist - lacks any inspired invention.

There's one clever ruse, involving a surfing mishap, but otherwise 1408 is no
more than a generally well-executed horror flick, sufficiently entertaining
(even without gore) while on screen but easily forgotten when over. - B-

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 19, 2004 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

Re-recount bails out some voters

BYLINE: Jim Camden The Spokesman-Review

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 644 words


The gubernatorial re-recount will have people chanting "Every Vote Counts" for
years to come, but it also is teaching us a corollary: If you want your vote to
count, you better follow the instructions.

This was evident as elections workers sorted, dealt and stacked some 200,000
ballots in Spokane County over the last week. If not for the manual recount,
some people's votes would have never been entered in the tallies because they
just couldn't fill in an oval properly. Or fill in at least one oval. But not
fill in more than one oval.

Most school kids are familiar with the drill from their multiple-choice
standardized tests. If the question is, "Who should be the next governor?" one
should darken in the oval next to the name of the candidate that is their
best-guess answer.

Picking a candidate is, in fact, akin to answering a really hard trig question
where you think you did the all the steps right, but have to wait for the test
results to see if you came up with the right solution. You may think you know
which candidate will do the best job, but you have to wait until they've been in
office for a few years to see if they live up to expectations.

Just like those standardized tests, a voter can't pick two answers for the
question. A few voters filled in the oval for one answer, or rather candidate,
changed their minds, crossed it out and picked another one. The computer can't
read their minds, and so it grades it as no answer to that question. (Remember,
the test computer doesn't let you pick more than one answer, either. Otherwise,
high school seniors could finagle perfect SAT scores by filling in all the
bubbles on their test sheets.)

Although some Republicans have denounced the hand recount as less accurate than
the machine recount, this type of mind-changing is something a human eye detects
better than a machine. Humans also can interpret some other marks, like Xs next
to the names rather than ovals filled in. Or, one of the favorites turned up by
Spokane elections workers, the voter who circled the R or D party labeling after
chosen candidates' names, rather than filling in the oval.

This happens in every election, by the way. But perhaps 999 times out of 1,000,
candidates win by such big margins that there's no need to check on the ballots
that the machines couldn't read. This election, of course, those ballots could
be the difference between saying Gov. Rossi or Gov. Gregoire for the next four
years.

Some people might argue that voters who can't follow simple instructions don't
deserve to have their ballots counted this year. Too bad, so sad, they screwed
up, they lose out.

Maybe, but doesn't that sound a tad elitist - particularly in a country where
folks love to go around before the election proclaiming "Every vote counts"?

WE'RE FAMOUS

The gubernatorial recount is such a curiosity nationwide that two members of the
Election Assistance Commission showed up last week to watch the recount in King
County. That's a federal elections agency created after the 2000 presidential
race.

We'll know we're in real trouble, though, if former President Jimmy Carter shows
up this week with a team of observers from the United Nations.

THIS JUST IN

King County has discovered another 50 votes in the Christmas stockings
decorating the elections office. Apparently they're from a precinct of elves,
and were set aside until J.R.R. Tolkien could be found to check their
signatures.

LOTS OF SUPPORT

President Bush's choice for Homeland Security czar, Bernard Kerik, crashed and
burned last week. But he did much better with his choice of Sam Bodman for
energy secretary.

Bodman garnered praise from such diverse quarters as the petroleum industry, the
alternative energy folks and the Sierra Club. He's a former deputy secretary of
Commerce and Treasury, a business leader and a former prof at MIT.

TYPE: Column: Spin Control

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    October 16, 2001 Tuesday, Final Edition

PAINTED INTO A CORNER: String of ill-advised decisions leaves Coke with few
options

BYLINE: THOMAS OLIVER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 545 words


Wednesday, the board that painted itself into a corner meets in Mexico City to
hear how things are going at Coca-Cola. It's coming up on two years since the
board allowed Doug Ivester to be forced out and Don Keough's man, Doug Daft, to
be installed.

Unless senior management can tell the board something it can't tell its other
shareholders, the picture painted can't be too pretty. Doubt there will be an
anniversary celebration any time soon.

In Sunday's Journal, business writer Scott Leith quoted Keough as saying Daft is
doing a good job; he had a big mess to clean up.

It's debatable when the mess occurred, but there's no question it's a mess.

For argument's sake, let's say Coke's problems were simmering below the surface
and Daft simply inherited a mess. In which case, it still says a lot about the
current crop running the company that its only accomplishments in two years are:
lowering expectations of Wall Street, with investors, customers and employees;
laying off thousands of workers, firing or removing 10 of 13 top officers,
including the president, only to bring back a retired exec whose claim to fame
eludes everyone; blowing a deal to buy Quaker Oats/Gatorade, only to see rival
Pepsi turn its purchase of same into a star in its crown; announce a deal with
Procter & Gamble that no one but the chairman of Coke saw as a good deal for
Coke, and then have to finagle out of it.

When one looks to the criterion that matters most to nearly everyone, the stock
price, there's nothing good to say. It's down more than third since Daft took
over, and it's still expensive by any measure --- P/E ratio, cash flow or
potential earnings.

Pepsi, on the other hand, has been on a roll, and its stock price reflects just
that. Pepsi is not only a rival for consumers, stores, etc., but also for
portfolios. Forget the two's prices, which are close, over the last two years,
Pepsi's stock has outperformed Coke's by some 60 percent. Pepsi's stock is near
its 52-week high. Coke is closer to its low.

As Leith reported Sunday: of the 16 Wall Street analysts who cover Coke and
Pepsi, 10 favor Pepsi, five give the companies the same ratings and just one
recommends buying Coke stock over Pepsi. (That makes two, five years seem light
years away.)

Thursday, the company will release its third-quarter earnings report. Dollars
and cents will look fairly good, but once again the all-important measurement
--- volume of product shipped --- will disappoint; and this after the company
has lowered its volume targets.

The question everyone asks: How long before the board moves to correct its
previous errors? Having allowed the henchmen to drain the company of countless
invaluable managers, the board has no choice it seems but to hope and pray that
newcomer Steve Heyer is all that Keough says he is and that he can begin taking
charge sooner rather than later.

When you've allowed yourself to be painted into a corner, you don't have a lot
of options.

In the meantime, those who suffer the most are the middle- to lower-level
employees who believed their Coke stock would help fund their retirement and/or
their children's college.

Thomas Oliver is a member of the Journal editorial board. His column appears on
Tuesdays.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Redevelopment Agency Cancels Bond Sale: No Buyers Showed Up

                          December 10, 1992, Thursday

By Dennis Walters

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


A South San Francisco redevelopment issue that failed to attract any bidders
yesterday apparently illustrates a growing wariness toward certain borrowers
affected by a real estate slowdown and California's general budget malaise,
market participants said.

The city's redevelopment agency tried to sell $11 million of tax allocation
bonds for its Gateway redevelopment project. But the deal, which was postponed
earlier this fall to address certain underwriters' concerns, received no bids
despite interest expressed prior to the sale.

"I don't know what happened," especially because the issuer tried to address
specific questions raised previously, said Lora Stovall, a principal of Bartle
Wells Associates in San Francisco, the agency's financial adviser.

"I don't know right now" what the agency's next step will be, Stovall said,
adding that city officials would discuss the matter late yesterday afternoon.

But potential underwriters interviewed yesterday pointed to uncertainty about
the project area - in particular pending appeals of assessed valuations - as one
reason that could have spooked bidders.

"That probably has a lot to do with it," said a trader at one firm.

An official in the municipal bond department at another firm noted that "people
are getting a little more particular about what (redevelopment bonds) they own."

The nonrated South San Francisco deal "was a little bit below creditwise what we
would bid on," the official added.

At least two underwriters also questioned the projected debt service coverage
ratios contained in the preliminary official statement. "Someone else might read
it differently" if they make their own assumptions, said an underwriter who
studied the transaction.

"I don't understand that" assertion, Stovall said, because the appeals involve
specific numbers. "We didn't finagle with the calculations at all," Stovall
added.

Another municipal analyst who examined the deal expressed puzzlement that no
bidders stepped forward.

"I maintain that it's a decent credit," said the analyst, speculating that
investors possibly felt the bonds would not come cheap enough for a nonrated
deal.

In addition, the analyst said the herd instinct that sometimes sways market
participants might be coming into play. "No one wants to go against the tide,"
the analyst said.

Stovall said the redevelopment agency looked into obtaining a rating. But rating
officials expressed concern over the relatively small project area - 117 acres -
and the fact that about half of the assessed valuation in the area is
concentrated in one owner.

Bond proceeds from the issue would have paid down developer advances to that
owner, Homart Development Co., which is a member of the Coldwell Banker Real
Estate Group, a subsidiary of Sears, Roebuck & Co.

The redevelopment agency planned a $13.2 million bond sale earlier this fall,
but the issuer subsequently downsized the proposed deal and made other changes
to address underwriters' concerns.

The agency's property tax revenue is expected to decline in the current fiscal
year to about $1.58 million, down from $1.87 million in fiscal 1992. That
decrease reflects a recent drop in assessed valuation of office building
property in the project area to reflect current market conditions.

Current tax increment revenue is projected to be 1.32 times maximum annual debt
service, according to the preliminary official statement.

But the prospectus noted that two other owners of property in the Gateway
project area also are appealing their assessed valuations. If those appeals
succeed, net tax increment revenue available for debt service could decline
further and result in a coverage ratio of 1.2 times maximum annual debt service.

That prospect was cited by underwriters as one reason the issue probably failed
to attract bids yesterday. They also cited uncertainty generated by the
California budget problems, which could lead to further state diversions of
redevelopment monies.

A similar diversion this year is expected to cost the South San Francisco agency
$377,772, but the agency said that payment is not expected to reduce tax
revenues available for the Gateway project.

The Gateway project is a master-planned office park development, including
hotels and commercial space north of San Francisco International Airport.

Stovall noted that "we've got a track record of (tax) increment collection for
10 years." The municipal analyst who believes the credit is solid noted that
much of the project area - 74 acres - already is developed, and that should make
the deal more palatable to investors, he said.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 770 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Howdy, Cowboy

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 339 words


A Texas-sized burr has just landed under the saddle of Andrew Cuomo. Its name is
Rick Perry. On Sunday, the Texas governor will kick off a five-day visit with a
message he's already running in local media:

If you're tired of the same old recipe of over-taxation, over-regulation and
frivolous litigation, get out before you go broke. Texas is calling . . . your
opportunity awaits.

Even the name of the Texas Web site for Perry's campaign -
TexasWideOpenForBusiness.com - is a dig at our governor's "New York Open for
Business" campaign. This isn't Perry's first rodeo, either. He's taken the same
message to other high-tax blue states from California to Illinois, pointing out
the many advantages of Texas: no state income tax, light regulation and a whole
lot more jobs and opportunity.

Not that Cuomo's rolling over. To the contrary, he's been trying to use the zero
income-tax rate in Texas as a reason New York's Legislature should pass his plan
to create tax-free zones around mostly upstate universities. "Talk about a move
overnight that would level the playing field, that's the tax-free zones," Cuomo
said at a press conference this week.

Give the governor credit for recognizing what so many others in Albany do not:
We must compete with other states and other countries for capital and
enterprise.

Unfortunately, the tax-free zones touted by Cuomo only highlight the merits of
Perry's argument. While New York politicians finagle with the tax code to carve
out special treatment for favored enterprises, the whole state of Texas is a
tax-free zone. Maybe that's why $1.6 billion in adjusted gross income relocated
from New York to Texas from 1992 to 2010, according to Travis Brown's "How Money
Walks."

Now, the last thing we want to see is even more businesses and individuals
fleeing New York. But as big believers in competition, we welcome Gov. Perry.
And we will all know the Empire State is really as open for business as Gov.
Cuomo claims when a New York governor has a message he can sell in Houston.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            January 26, 1998 Monday

KNOBLAUCH TRADE, POSSIBLY TO INDIANS, IS IMMINENT

BYLINE: Scott Miller, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 639 words


The Twins are poised to trade all-star second baseman Chuck Knoblauch to
Cleveland in a multiplayer deal that could be completed as early as today and
most likely will be done by the end of the week, according to sources.

All of the players in the deal have not been determined, but sources said
Cleveland is considering sending right-handed pitchers Chad Ogea and Steve
Karsay to the Twins along with outfielder/designated hitter Brian Giles, a
left-hander who hits for both average and power, and infield prospect Enrique
Wilson. The clubs are close enough to a deal, sources said, that the Twins have
told the New York Yankees and Atlanta Braves to either get in or get out of the
Knoblauch talks because a final decision is expected within days.

"We would like to get something done soon," Twins general manager Terry Ryan
confirmed Sunday after returning from a scouting mission to the Dominican
Republic. "All of a sudden, we're making plans for spring training. For everyone
involved, it would be wise to get something done before spring training.

"If a team is interested, it's time to step up."

Knoblauch, a career .304 hitter, and his agent, Alan Hendricks, have been
adamant in their request that a deal be consummated before spring training.
While Knoblauch doesn't have the right to demand a trade, the Twins have decided
on two things: that they will move him for pitching, and that they will make
this deal before spring camp opens, because to bring Knoblauch to Florida would
be a tremendous distraction and could turn a volatile situation ugly.

Parameters of a deal with Cleveland are still being discussed, and it is not
clear, for example, how many players the Twins would get. Indications are it
will take at least four players for the Indians to pry Knoblauch away. The fact
that Cleveland is in the same division as the Twins increases the ante for what
the Twins will need, according to one person close to the talks.

The Indians have been reluctant to part with the right-hander whose stock rose
dramatically during October's postseason. Indications are that Indians officials
are considering moving him. Ogea went 8-9 with a 4.99 earned-run average in 21
starts for the Indians last season before going 2-0 with a 1.54 ERA in the World
Series, including a Game 7 start.

The Twins also have been attempting to finagle Sean Casey from the Indians. He
is a 23-year-old first baseman who has not hit less than .329 in three minor
league seasons. However, the Tribe so far has made it clear Casey is
untouchable.

Other players who have been discussed, according to sources, are Cleveland
right-handers Bartolo Colon and Charles Nagy, third-base prospect Russell
Branyan and first-base prospect Richie Sexson.

The Yankees and Braves appear either unwilling or unable to meet the Twins'
asking price. One Yankees official expressed pessimism Sunday the club would be
able to match an offer by the Indians. Yankees manager Joe Torre last week said
that the club would not give up both right-hander Ramiro Mendoza and left-handed
pitching prospect Eric Milton in the same deal.

Atlanta no longer is willing to deal left-hander Denny Neagle - at least, not
until after making sure John Smoltz is healthy during spring training. But that
doesn't meet the Twins' timetable.

"I've conversed with several clubs trying to let them know that if we're going
to get something done, let's go," Ryan said. "I've stated that it's important
that we get something on the table so I can at least evaluate what I will have
to talk to Carl (Pohlad, team owner).

"We'd like to get it done. I've told clubs that it's getting to the point where
it's obvious we're going to move him, and we want to do it soon. It is important
for us to know. It is important for (manager) Tom (Kelly) so he can make plans."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Chuck Knoblauch
Career .304 hitter

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                             June 28, 2001 Thursday

Springfield, 62701 ;
 Downtown celebrates 'ZIP Code Day'

BYLINE: KELLY DAVENPORT STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY/STATE, Pg. 9

LENGTH: 362 words


Five numbers were reason enough for Springfield to party Wednesday.

A steady trickle of revelers paused on the Old Capitol Plaza throughout the day
to celebrate ZIP Code Day, billed as a "cosmic" event by its sponsors, Downtown
Springfield Inc. and the local Sertoma Club.

6-27-01 - get it?

" It's a party (that comes) only every 100 years," said Valecia Crisafulli,
director of Downtown Springfield Inc. "So you can't beat that."

Mayor Karen Hasara commemorated the day in a speech, and Farmer's Market
purveyors opened their booths with 62-cent specials.

"This is an opportunity for various sections of town to show (what makes them
special)," Hasara explained.

The post offices on Monroe and inside the Lincoln-Herndon Law Office sold cachet
envelopes for $7 each, printed with snapshots of life downtown and hand- stamped
with a perky stick figure who proclaimed, "When Date Meets ZIP Code."

"Folks don't realize the value of stamps and postal service mementos," said city
postmaster Donald Babb, as he autographed envelopes for a line of women inside
the law office.

"They stop history in its tracks," said Babb, who oversees 18 local ZIP codes.
"We get calls from all over the country from collectors."

Downtown Springfield Inc. asked the postmaster to work with district authorities
in Chicago to finagle the special envelope, which came sealed in a plastic
sleeve.

Outside the courtyard of the Old State Capitol, a trio of flutists trilled, and
suited businesspeople stopped for sacks of kettle corn.

At 1 p.m., Hasara used a gold shovel to bury a time capsule, which Crisafulli
said will be opened in 100 years. An Abraham Lincoln bust, a toy Springfield
police car, some brochures and other dated materials went into the glossy tube.

Funds raised through a raffle - the grand prize was $627. 01 - will go to
support Sertoma Club and Downtown Inc. projects.

Stars will align in the future, too, Crisafulli promised, when local residential
ZIP codes 62702, 62703, 62704 and 62707 become dates.

Another ZIP code, however, is for post office boxes.

"So they'll have to figure out what to do that year," Crisafulli said.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE WITH PHOTO

GRAPHIC: Wearing historic dress, Tammy Taylor of the Illinois Historic
Preservation Agency uses her parasol to shade toddler Jamila Godwin Wednesday
during the ZIP Code Day celebration at the Old State Capitol.

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 12, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

K'bunk keeping its act too clean?

SECTION: IHERALD; Shannon's Plog; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 791 words


If there's one thing Maine has plenty of, it's picturesque communities - the
best in New England if I may say so. But maintaining that pristine image isn't
always easy. It takes zoning, regulation and sometimes all-out bans.

In an effort to keep its face blemish-free for years to come, the town of
Kennebunk is going on the offensive. Local officials are putting together an
ordinance to limit adult trade in the area, even though no such establishment is
currently vying for space.

And by ''adult trade'' they don't mean a wife's ability to trade her husband in
for a younger model, as online reader Shawn 123 first thought. Instead Kennebunk
is taking aim at those shops and clubs that cater to fans of nudity - you know,
the ''dirty'' kind. (Read: the businesses that no one admits to patronizing but
still manage to stay successful anyway.)

A Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram story on the proposed ordinance
had online readers either defending the town's moral prowess or blasting its
prudishness. While the number of comments posted to the story online wasn't
overwhelming (counting just over 20), the conversation was as diverse as an
adult bookstore's selection of magazines (not that I'd know).

Of course, there were readers who offered commendations to Kennebunk for its
proactive measure. Chris posted the message, ''Every municipality with a
respectable retail business district should do the same thing Kennebunk
officials are. Voters don't want to have one of these adult businesses open in a
prime business location - which will create a huge furor - only to find out your
municipality's attorney had failed to recommend an adult business district.''

It does seem more efficient to finagle specific, restrictive district limits on
paper before a very real, very risqué business comes loudly knocking.

But ordinances or no, some commenters trust that Kennebunk is such an upstanding
community, no adult business has any chance of surviving. And, hey, as Naran
posted the challenge, ''Anyone dumb enough to open an adult bookstore here is
welcome to try.''

According to some online comments, Kennebunk is apparently free from the follies
of other towns. Whether that's because residents are without vice whatsoever -
or because the fear of public ridicule is ever-present in the small town - is
still up for debate.

Maggie posted this observation: ''I fail to see what accomplished professional
would be caught dead walking through the doors of such a place even if they do
enjoy material with adult content ... locals would just gossip too much about it
and in a place like this ... reputations could be ruined.''

There is something to be said - as much as it pains me to admit it - for the
judging eye of the public. While I'm no social expert I tend to think people
behave better when others are watching. (I'm less likely to steal restaurant
silverware when people are looking, for example.)

But is buying a Playboy or a DVD or some life-size, anatomically correct
inflatable really so awful that your neighbors should humiliate you for it?
Limits on total crassness, sure, but if a business is legal, customers shouldn't
feel so intimidated that they can't shop there.

Several online readers were quick to argue that Kennebunk is going overboard
with the puritanical repression. Reg posted, ''Nice to see that the 'holier than
thous' are alive and well in Kennebunk.''

Some online comments went further - suggesting all the ''holier than thou''
posters weren't so much holy as hypocritical. Oldguy posted, ''The people of
Kennebunk would ban it in their town, expect it to locate in Biddeford, and then
drive over here in sunglasses to patronize it. Does the word H-Y-P-O-C-R-I-T-E
sound right here?''

Maybe so - but what's the damage? If Kennebunk wants to maintain a certain
image, let them. Nothing's stopping Biddeford from making the same decision.
Besides, the distinctive personalities of Maine towns are part their appeal -
I'm a fan of OOB and all, but I wouldn't encourage bumper cars in the Old Port.

For some readers, it's all about sticking with what a town is good at. Maggie
posted, ''This town is not about being 'holier than thou.' We are all human and
all have faults, it is about preserving a standard of living that our community
is revered for...(Kennebunk) is certainly a pleasure to live in even if we do
sell an abundance of plastic lobsters on key chains.''

Sounds all well and good, but that won't likely quell those ''everything goes''
folks who wonder why everyone else is so darn uptight. Thanks to those square
town officials, MissKelly posted, ''No self-respecting adult store owner would
place his/her business in Kennebunk.'' So all those self-respecting adult store
owners will have to go elsewhere.



LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Shannon Bryan is an online assistant with MaineToday.com. She can be
reached at: sbryan@mainetoday.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 29, 2002, Sunday

SUNDAY MORNING QB GAME OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: BY HANK WINNICKI

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 332 words

PATRIOTS at CHARGERS

4:15 p.m., Ch. 2

Patriots by 3 points

Both clubs may be 3-0, but San Diego's mark has come against some flimsy foes:
the Bengals, Texans and Cardinals. The Chargers have padded their stats against
the softies, allowing only 123 yards passing a game. The Pats, meanwhile, are
the NFL's top-rated passing team, tossing for 316 yards a game. Something's got
to give. Chances are it will be the Chargers. College fans may recall that Tom
Brady and Drew Brees squared off once before: Brady's Michigan Wolverines
thumped Brees' Purdue Boilermakers, 38-12, in 1999. Could be more of the same
today.

SCOUT'S REPORT

"A first-year starting quarterback (Brees) vs. Bill Belichick's schemes has to
be a concern for San Diego. Can Brees handle the blitzes and all the changing
fronts? That remains to be seen. Defensively, the Chargers can match up against
New England. They're playing more physical and hustling to the ball. They've
adapted to Martyball."

UPSET SPECIAL

PANTHERS at PACKERS

1 p.m., Packers by 7 points

The Panthers 3-0? With Rodney Peete? Sure, that's what the standings and
boxscores say. But we need more proof. Like today in Green Bay. Win this and
we'll believe this little fairy tale. Can they do it? Well, it seems that if you
give John Fox a couple of days he can finagle a way to stop most anyone. Last
week, the Panthers picked off Daunte Culpepper four times and held Randy Moss to
16 yards. Let's see what Fox has in store for Brett Favre, who may not have RB
Ahman Green (questionable). Look for Favre to try to beat the Panthers through
the air.

SCOUT'S REPORT

"The Panthers' defense is playing with a lot of enthusiasm, something they
haven't had in a while. I like their front seven, but they're weak on the
perimeter. I'm sure Brett Favre will try to go after those corners. Rodney Peete
isn't going to beat you with his arm strength, but the Panthers run an efficient
offense, even with a second-rate back (Lamar Smith)."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                 March 10, 2009

Let the Sunshine In! Twisted Sisters Adams and Blunt Redefine Dysfunctional in
Sundance Favorite

LENGTH: 619 words


Sunshine Cleaning Running time 102 minutes Written by Megan Holley Directed by
Christine Jeffs Starring Amy Adams, Emily Blunt, Alan Arkin

Christine Jeffs&rsquo; Sunshine Cleaning, from a screenplay by Megan Holley,
focuses on the relationship of two somewhat underprivileged sisters in
Albuquerque, N.M., who hit upon a joint career in the bizarre and outlandish,
but surprisingly lucrative, business of cleaning up violent crime scenes after
the police have dragged away the bodies of the victims. Amy Adams plays the
older sister, Rose Lorkowski, and Emily Blunt the younger sister, Norah. For
once, the two sisters really look like sisters, instead of studies in casting
contrasts like tall-short, blond-brunet, svelte&ndash;not-so-svelte. The
Lorkowski family is nominally headed by the impecunious speculator paterfamilias
Joe Lorkowski, played by Alan Arkin with the same irrepressible zest he
displayed in his Oscar-winning portrayal of Abigail Breslin&rsquo;s
little-girl-stripper&rsquo;s grandpa in Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris&rsquo;
Little Miss Sunshine (2006). Rounding out the Lorkowski family is Rose&rsquo;s
illegitimate 10-year-old son, Oscar (Jason Spevack).

Norah still lives with her father in the family house while Rose shares a nearby
apartment with Oscar. Since she is usually unemployed, Norah is often available
to look after Oscar while Rose pursues an affair in motels with a married man,
Steve Zahn&rsquo;s Mac, who dated Rose in high school when she was a
cheerleader. It is typical of Rose&rsquo;s luck in these matters that he married
someone else.

The stage is thus set for a stereotyped farce comedy highlighting a
dysfunctional family of losers. But very gradually, a series of unexpectedly
poignant scenes amid a generous spirit of reconciliation infuse the film with a
warm glow in this season of economic and cinematic discontent.

The idea for the film originated with its eventual screenwriter, Ms. Holley, who
heard a news item on the radio about a recent rapid growth industry: the
crime-scene clean-up business, which, incidentally, was remarkably lucrative.

Rose, hitherto a lowly paid waitress, finagles her way into the profession by
sporting a white van with her company logo, Sunshine Cleaners, emblazoned on the
side of the truck. She then bullies her reluctant younger sister to join her in
this grisly adventure.

Rose is driven to extremes by her need to afford a better school for her
troublesome son, who has just been expelled from his present school for licking
his teacher&rsquo;s bare legs. Rose and Norah get some useful professional
advice from a helpful one-armed cleaning-store proprietor named Winston (Clifton
Collins Jr.). Winston&rsquo;s missing arm is a source of endless fascination for
Oscar, and we expect something romantic to transpire between Rose and Winston,
but mercifully it doesn&rsquo;t. Similarly, an incipient lesbian attraction is
shown between Norah and a woman named Lynn (Mary Lynn Rajskub), whom Norah meets
under strange circumstances. But that relationship, also mercifully, goes
nowhere. The central drama thereby remains focused on the two sisters, and their
climactic coming to terms with their mother&rsquo;s long-ago suicide, which left
them both somewhat rudderless amid the swirling currents of their lives.

Ms. Jeffs, whose first feature film, Rain (2001), was based in New Zealand, made
her mark with the British-made Sylvia (2003), the story of the ill-fated Sylvia
Plath, played by Gwyneth Paltrow. Like Sylvia, Sunshine Cleaning (which was
nominated for the Sundance Grand Jury Prize in 2008) is made of sterner stuff
than the usual chick flick, and is well worth the time of all serious
moviegoers.

asarris@observer.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

Holiday time is happy time for thieves of wallets, IDs;
Don't let thieves rob you of holiday cheer. Here are some tips for safe
shopping.

BYLINE: Jackie Crosby, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; CONSUMER LOOKOUT; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 626 words


The start of the busiest shopping period of the year is just days away. But it's
also the most vulnerable time of year for consumers.

We're carrying more cash, making more purchases, hurrying through long shopping
lists, and generally apt to be more stressed out, absent-minded and careless.

Whether you're hitting the stores in person or on the Web, it pays to be wary;
holiday thieves will be out there, too.

The time-tested methods of purse-snatching and pocket-picking are the most
common way consumers become victims of identity theft, according to a survey
last year by the national Better Business Bureau and Javelin Strategy and
Research.

Although consumers are worried about online safety, about 68 percent of the
time, thieves get personal information by "traditional" methods, such as
stealing your wallet, checkbook or mail.

But technology is making it easier for a new generation of criminals to swipe
your personal information.

The National Crime Prevention Council warns that camera cell phones can take
photos of credit cards, personal ID numbers at ATM machines or even your bank's
routing numbers as you splay your checkbook on the counter and give clever
thieves a static shot.

Buzz Anderson, of the Minnesota Retailers Association, said thieves also are
using new credit card readers that look like pagers to quickly grab your card
information.

"It's the time of year when [dishonest] temporary employees can finagle their
way into businesses," he said. "It happens more than people think."

Online shopping creates another layer of hazards.

A recent survey by the online privacy company Truste showed that 82 percent of
Internet users planned to do some of their holiday shopping online. But about 20
percent reported that privacy-related fears may limit their online shopping to a
large extent.

"Even though it's a fast and convenient way to shop, you really should be
careful to know who you're doing business with and what their policies are,"
said Barb Grieman, vice president of the Better Business Bureau of Minnesota and
North Dakota. "Take extra precautions before you begin." Make sure the site is
secure, she said. The address should begin "https:;" (the "s" stands for
"secure") and the site should display a privacy or security seal.

The Federal Trade Commission also suggests that you confirm an online seller's
physical address and phone number. Don't supply financial information in a
pop-up window or e-mail address, either. That can be a tip-off that you're
dealing with a less-than-honest merchant.

Here are some other holiday shopping tips:

- - Use credit cards. Most credit card companies won't hold you liable if
someone steals your wallet or your credit number and you report the theft
promptly.

- - Stay alert. Don't pull out your credit card until you're ready to use it,
make sure you get it back, and don't flash it to the person behind you.

- - Protect private information. It may sound obvious, but several studies have
found that as many as half of consumers still carry their Social Security cards
in their wallets. Don't put bank personal-identification numbers in your wallet
either - even disguised ones. Thieves are very good at breaking codes. Change
passwords often.

- - Lock it out of sight. If you want to store purchases in the car and keep
shopping, put them in the trunk. Roll up windows and lock doors to discourage
crimes of opportunity.

- - Write "check photo ID" on the back of your credit card, so cashiers will
take the extra safety step on your behalf.

- - Carry only the cards that you need in your wallet.

- - Review bank statements carefully.

- - Alert local and federal officials if you suspect fraud.

Been bumped off a recent airline flight? Contact Jackie Crosby at
lookout@startribune.com or 612-573-LOOK.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 22, 1993, Monday

Chance to see Helen Hayes was worth trip

BYLINE: Celestine Sibleymusic; entertainment; lifestyles

SECTION: LIVING; Section D; Page 1

LENGTH: 532 words


That lovely Helen Hayes will never know how much trouble she put one 16-year-old
admirer to when she played "Victoria Regina" in New Orleans back in the 1930s.
We Mobilians were chary in our praise of New Orleans. It was bigger and more
famous but it really did have a tacky, touristy Mardi Gras, not as old and
certainly not as elegant as Mobile's, and its citizens were terrible braggarts.

But two things it did have that we envied with all our hearts - opera and
theater. I had never seen either, but the older sister of one of my best friends
organized an expedition to New Orleans to see Helen Hayes and invited us young
ones to chip in and make the trip.

Looking back, I realize it wasn't expensive - a contribution to the gasoline,
the room we shared at the Monteleone Hotel and dinner at Antoine's, in addition
to the theater tickets, which I imagine cost $ 2.50. But it seemed to me then
that I was plunging into debt, going in over my head and splurging to an extent
that would cause the blood of my Presbyterian forebears to run cold.

I don't know how I raised the money, but I remember well how I promoted the
proper attire. In those days people dressed for the theater. No blue jeans or
skirts and sweaters, not even your best Sunday dress. You put on a long dress
with evening slippers and as fine a cape as you could finagle from some rich and
dressy friend.

My friend Kathleen had a white lace dress she had worn to a Mardi Gras ball
(Mobile Mardi Gras, of course). I had to buy the shoes - high- heeled silver
sandals that hurt my feet, caused me to stagger when I walked and were never
worn again. I don't remember what I used for a wrap, but New Orleans, for all
its faults, usually has bland weather and I may have gone without.

The play itself was absolutely wonderful - Miss Hayes as the little queen and
Basil Rathbone as Prince Albert. We all loved every minute of it, from the time
Victoria was a young girl to her old age when, as theater critic Dan Hulbert
wrote in his appreciation last week, she had to wear cotton in her cheeks to
muffle her jaws and her voice.

To me the tenderest, most unforgettable scene was the one where she sat on the
edge of a tub and watched her new husband, Prince Albert, shave.

As much as I admired Miss Hayes, her real-life husband, the newspaperman Charles
MacArthur, was the one I envied. He and Ben Hecht, you remember, wrote "The
Front Page," which was absolutely marvelous when it became a movie. A few years
ago, I saw a revival on Broadway with an actor whose name I have forgotten and
it seemed terribly dated and corny.

Maybe he was bad to drink. Many newspapermen used to be. But he wrote and said
some wonderful things. I have never forgotten the story that he and Helen Hayes
met in a park. He was immediately smitten. He was eating peanuts and he held out
the bag to her and said, "I wish they were emeralds."

Was there ever a more eloquent approach to a lady? Later I made a major push to
get to New Orleans to see Katharine Cornell and Brian Ahern in "The Barretts of
Wimpole Street," and it was worth every bit of trouble and expense.

But Helen Hayes truly made money seem something for spending.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930910169

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Cujo's long career in NHL officially ends

BYLINE: Jeremy Sandler, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


No tears.

Curtis Joseph, the fourth-winningest goaltender in National Hockey League
history, officially exited pro hockey's stage on Tuesday. But there was no
overwrought emotional retirement, no grandiose speech full of self-importance or
maudlin histrionics. Rather he simply delivered a series of thank yous that
punctuated an acceptance that all good things must end.

As the often-absent father of four, he now has more time to be at the rink with
his three hockey-playing sons.

"It's a good day, and it's been a great career. I'm a lucky, lucky guy to do
what I love to do for a living for 19 years, almost two decades," said the
42-year-old, whose even keel was established before the news conference in a
conversation with his longtime agent Don Meehan.

"He said, 'Are you going to be OK with this?' I said 'Donnie, I'm 42, I had a
great run and a great career and enjoyed every minute of it.' "

It could hardly end any other way for a man whose ascension to the upper echelon
of the goaltender fraternity plays like a Disney movie.

Born in Toronto and taken in by adoptive parents as an infant, Joseph's hockey
career began as an undrafted free agent playing tier-two hockey at
Saskatchewan's Notre Dame College.

There, he spent a year with five roommates living in a trailer pierced by cold
prairie winds as it sat parked hard by the railroad tracks.

Back then, he was poor enough that he needed his school to finagle a way to buy
him new equipment and the shirts and hats sent along with letters of
encouragement from a scout for the Hartford Whalers were enough to get his
attention.

He went on to the University of Wisconsin and from there to the St. Louis Blues
to begin his NHL career.

Joseph also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs on two occasions and also suited
up for the Calgary Flames, Detroit Red Wings, Edmonton Oilers and Phoenix
Coyotes.

Joseph last played in the NHL in 2008-09 for the Maple Leafs.

About the only aspect of his career not to follow a fairy tale plot was a
consistent failure to win the biggest prizes.

Joseph's stellar goaltending for Canada in the 1996 World Cup of Hockey netted
only silver and he was part of Canada's fourth-place crew at the 1998 Olympic
Games.

At the 2002 Olympics, Joseph lost Canada's first game and then did not play a
minute thereafter while Martin Brodeur backstopped Canada to its first Olympic
gold in 50 years.

While he took several teams deep in the playoffs and is renowned for an overtime
save on Joe Nieuwendyk during Edmonton's playoff win over Dallas in 1997, Joseph
never won a Stanley Cup.

A pair of semifinal appearances with Toronto in 1999 and 2003 were his deepest
forays into post-season play.

(National Post)

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Giants bullpen blows up again; Cubs advance;
Chicago rallies with four runs in ninth inning

BYLINE: Andrew Baggarly; Bay Area News Group

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 594 words

ABSTRACT

dc-z-giants

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> In his major league life, Buster Posey had never inhabited this
place before.

In a quiet dugout littered with cups and seed husks. Unbuckling his shin guards.
Listening to an opponent celebrate their advancement to the next round of
postseason play.

The Giants were three outs away from their 11th consecutive elimination victory
to force a decisive Game 5 in their NL Division Series at Wrigley Field. But the
ninth inning has been a liquefaction zone for months now. The ground shuddered
again in a 6-5 loss that ended their season Tuesday night.

Giants manager Bruce Bochy used five relievers in a six-batter span, and no
combination worked. An error from Gold Glove shortstop Brandon Crawford
compounded the damage. The Cubs scored four runs to take Game 4 and advance to
the NLCS - the first postseason series defeat in Bochy's tenure in San
Francisco, and of Posey's career.

The Giants had ousted 10 consecutive playoff opponents. How about this? The Cubs
are the first team to bestow them with goat horns.

And in an even year, no less.

Javier Baez hit a tiebreaking single up the middle off Hunter Strickland to
score Jason Heyward, who had reached second base on Crawford's throwing error.
It was the second blown save in as many nights, and the franchise-record 32nd
for the Giants this season.

They survived so much late-inning failure to become an NL wild-card team, and
even to put off elimination in a 13-inning victory in Game 3 Monday night. But
their bullpen was a congenital flaw, and it was only a matter of time.


Matt Moore held the Cubs to two hits in eight brilliant innings, and the Giants'
closer-less bullpen only needed to finagle three outs with a 5-3 lead.

Bochy began the ninth with Derek Law, and Kris Bryant singled. Then left-hander
Javier Lopez walked Anthony Rizzo. Sergio Romo, who threw 32 pitches while
giving up a tying home run Monday night, hung a slider that Ben Zobrist lined to
right field for a double.

With the tying runs in scoring position, Bochy went to left-hander Will Smith
and Cubs manager Joe Maddon burned pinch hitter Chris Coghlan for Willson
Contreras, whose single up the middle whizzed past the pitcher's bare hand.

Heyward followed by bunting too hard back to the mound, and Smith made an
accurate throw to second base for the forceout. But Crawford's throw to first
base skipped past first baseman Brandon Belt.

Then Baez greeted Strickland's heat with another RBI single up the middle as the
Cubs dugout celebrated.

Cubs closer Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth, and when Belt
waved through the final pitch, winter descended on San Francisco.

Moore was born in Florida, grew up on a military base on Okinawa, went to high
school in New Mexico, came to the major leagues with the Tampa Bay Rays under a
manager named Joe Maddon, and arrived with the Giants in an Aug. 1 trade.

His life is a packed suitcase. He had the Giants ready to pack theirs.

Moore threw rainbow curves. The Cubs found no gold at the end of them.

Moore held the Cubs to two hits and two runs (one earned) while striking out 10
in eight innings, Conor Gillaspie continued his Will Clark impression with a
four-hit night and the Giants even made their own breaks after Crawford missed a
home run off the arcade by millimeters.

Their tiebreaking hit in the fourth inning came off the bat of a career American
League pitcher who had 16 career plate appearances before Aug. 1.

Moore slapped a bases-loaded single off John Lackey, which appeared to annoy the
Cubs' snarling right-hander to no end.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Cubs keep dream alive: Chicago rallies with four runs in ninth to stun home team

BYLINE: Andrew Baggarly; Bay Area News Group

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 650 words

ABSTRACT

dc-z-giants

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> In his major league life, Buster Posey had never inhabited this
place before.

In a quiet dugout littered with cups and seed husks. Unbuckling his shin guards.
Listening to an opponent celebrate their advancement to the next round of
postseason play.

The Giants were three outs away from their 11th consecutive elimination victory
to force a decisive Game 5 in their NL Division Series at Wrigley Field. But the
ninth inning has been a liquefaction zone for months now. The ground shuddered
again in a 6-5 loss that ended their season Tuesday night.

Giants manager Bruce Bochy used five relievers in a six-batter span, and no
combination worked. An error from Gold Glove shortstop Brandon Crawford
compounded the damage. The Cubs scored four runs to take Game 4 and advance to
the NLCS - the first postseason series defeat in Bochy's tenure in San
Francisco, and of Posey's career.

The Giants had ousted 10 consecutive playoff opponents. How about this? The Cubs
are the first team to bestow them with goat horns.

And in an even year, no less.

Javier Baez hit a tiebreaking single up the middle off Hunter Strickland to
score Jason Heyward, who had reached second base on Crawford's throwing error.
It was the second blown

save in as many nights, and the franchise-record 32nd for the Giants this
season.

They survived so much late-inning failure to become an NL wild-card team, and
even to put off elimination in a 13-inning victory in Game 3 Monday night. But
their bullpen was a congenital flaw, and it was only a matter of time.

Matt Moore held the Cubs to two hits in eight brilliant innings, and the Giants'
closer-less bullpen only needed to finagle three outs with a 5-3 lead.

Bochy began the ninth with Derek Law, and Kris Bryant singled. Then left-hander
Javier Lopez walked Anthony Rizzo. Sergio Romo, who threw 32 pitches while
giving up a tying home run Monday night, hung a slider that Ben Zobrist lined to
right field for a double.

With the tying runs in scoring position, Bochy went to left-hander Will Smith
and Cubs manager Joe Maddon burned pinch hitter Chris Coghlan for Willson
Contreras, whose single up the middle whizzed past the pitcher's bare hand.

Heyward followed by bunting too hard back to the mound, and Smith made an
accurate throw to second base for the forceout. But Crawford's throw to first
base skipped past first baseman Brandon Belt.

Then Baez greeted Strickland's heat with another RBI single up the middle as the
Cubs dugout celebrated.

Cubs closer Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth, and when Belt
waved through the final pitch, winter descended on San Francisco.

Moore was born in Florida, grew up on a military base on Okinawa, went to high
school in New Mexico, came to the major leagues with the Tampa Bay Rays under a
manager named Joe Maddon, and arrived with the Giants in an Aug. 1 trade.

His life is a packed suitcase. He had the Giants ready to pack theirs.

Moore threw rainbow curves. The Cubs found no gold at the end of them.

Moore held the Cubs to two hits and two runs (one earned) while striking out 10
in eight innings, Conor Gillaspie continued his Will Clark impression with a
four-hit night and the Giants even made their own breaks after Crawford missed a
home run off the arcade by millimeters.

Their tie-breaking hit in the fourth inning came off the bat of a career
American League pitcher who had 16 career plate appearances before Aug. 1.

Moore slapped a bases-loaded single off John Lackey, which appeared to annoy the
Cubs' snarling right-hander to no end. The Giants added to the rally when Lackey
was late to cover first base on Denard Span's ground out.

It was one in a series of small mistakes that were not characteristic for a
Maddon-run Cubs team that won 103 regular-season games.

The Giants took advantage, and even sloughed off their own misfortune to
position themselves for a Game 5.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2016 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 11, 2011, Tuesday

READERS' Voice

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 1262 words


-Why is it that everyone is calling everyone who gets food stamps, bums? Does it
mean we're bums even if we hold a job, but we don't make enough over the poverty
level in order to make ends meet?

-Chesapeake is being overrun by "tweens," kids in their early teens - they're
breaking windows and setting fires and usually are with a group of unleashed
dogs.

-With all the trash and debris along the West Side and up on the hill, I think
people who live in the houses should get a citation if they're too lazy to pick
up trash in their own yard.

-California is getting just like the president's administration - wanting a
one-world government and telling you what and what not you can do. We need to
say no.

-I am furious. Who do these asinine so-called schoolbook experts think they are
messing with two classics, "Tom Sawyer" and "Huckleberry Finn"? I grew up with
those books and they are wonderful. This world has never been perfect.

-Michigan, since you got rid of Rich Rodriguez, do you think you might be
interested in Coach Stew?

-I would like to know if anyone in the Charleston area collects old 45 records?

-Shelly Moore Capito is correct in her voting against the road building
amendment from the U.S. government. We should put West Virginians to work using
shovels - we can build our own roads without the government's help.

-To the mechanic who said he drives his Toyota to the shop to work on Dodges and
Chevrolets: Well, the reason he doesn't work on his Toyota is because it's too
complicated and the parts are too expensive.

-I wonder if Speaker John Boehner will cry when he announces our Afghan and Iraq
War deaths?

-I'd like to congratulate the Gazette as well as Gary Harki on the informative
news articles about the State Police and corruption associated with them.

-Do we need a lieutenant governor in West Virginia? Heck yes we do, and as soon
as possible, to prevent another fiasco like Joe Manchin in his quest and thirst
for power to finagle himself into a Senate seat.

-I'd like to know why when Bush was president and gas went to $3 a gallon they
were ready to crucify him on the cross? Now Obama is president and gas is over
$3 a gallon and they're wanting to put a crown on him.

-Oliver Luck showed his true Republican heart in the way he treated Bill
Stewart. That's why I didn't vote for him and I say, go Democratic Mountaineers!

-To the person who wrote in asking why we have both the Navy and Marines: Do a
little research and you'll find out why and that the two organizations are
completely different.

-Hey, Concord, say hello to your new aspiring coach - Rich Rodriguez.

-This vent is specifically for the Chief of Police in Charleston: Every morning
around 8 o'clock there are four or five police cars sitting at the 711 on Bigley
- engines running and they're all sitting in there acting as if it's their own
private club.

-I'm not a police officer, but I believe bashing the police only helps the
criminals. I believe most police officers are good people, doing a good job,
with little pay and little appreciation.

-How coincidental, a few days after the Gazette runs an article about somebody
policing the police they have their own program on Channel 8 talking about how
dangerous it is to be a cop. I think the danger is on the citizens and not the
cops.

-The water company hasn't sent my bill since October. I call every week to get a
bill; they say they sent it, but never do. When I ask for my balance, they give
me a different amount every time. What should I do?

-Finally, now I know Rich Rod is not God, or should I say, God's gift to
coaching. He is without a home. He can't come back to West Virginia, where he is
despised by all, and they have ran him out of Michigan.

-South Charleston having 40 police officers for a city this small is just
ridiculous and a total waste of money.

-If I paid for all my medication between the time I turned 65 until now, what
business is it of the Democratic Party whether I did or didn't have insurance at
that time?

-A new position for a lieutenant governor will be just another politician who
can sit on his butt, make a lot of money and do nothing.

-I'd like to compliment my paper carrier on Roxalana Road for putting my paper
up on my carport. It's very hard for me to get it if it's down near the road.

-Coach Bobby Huggins didn't do a very good job of recruiting this year for the
basketball team. If he doesn't do better, Oliver Luck needs to fire him and get
a coach in there who can recruit.

-A big thank you to Detective Ben Paschall of the South Charleston Police
Department. Your hard work in solving my case was observed and appreciated. It
is refreshing to have others dedicated to public service.

-Why don't we have a chance to see movies in Charleston that are for intelligent
people, like "The King's Speech." We are not all interested in the crap that
plays in the theatres here.

-I get tired of Steve Roberts always harping about taxes. I guess we should let
all business get away with paying no taxes, and just take the money and put it
in their pockets.

-Tomblin is a mini Obama - typical liberal Democrat bent on re-writing the
Constitution to force their agenda on the people of this country and state.

-To the venter saying the coal miners were just using free speech in their
harassment ... does the gay coal miner not have the same rights of free speech?
Why should they have to hide who they are? We're all supposed to be free.

-The "birthers" claim that Obama is not qualified to be president because he
wasn't born in the U.S. That is debatable. George W. Bush was not qualified to
be president because of stupidity and arrogance. That is not debatable.

-Unbelievable. Before any facts came out of the Arizona story hitting the media,
airhead, Kool-Aid-drinking liberals were blaming Sarah Palin. Instead of waiting
for the whole story, they just repeated what they heard on CNN.

-As I sit here, I have tears streaming down my face. What has happened to my
country when people are killed or wounded because of political beliefs? This
incendiary rhetoric of Sarah Palin and others is getting us killed. It has to
stop.

-I sure hope Sarah Palin is happy now.

-The Obama administration added more jobs in just one year than the Bush
administration did in eight years.

-From February 2001 through January 2009, under the Bush administration, the
economy added just 1 million jobs. By contrast, in 2010 alone, the economy added
at least 1.1 million jobs. The conservative-owned media will never pay much
attention to this.

-What is going on with Suddenlink's TV signal and the Internet-reduced speed in
the Cross Lanes area, or a least in my neighborhood? These problems seem to be
happening every night starting after 6 p.m.

-The Key Club at GW High School is to be commended for their support of UNICEF.

-The job salaries listed in the Walker Machinery hiring advertisements do not
apply to employees hired after 1997. I know people who have worked there for
five years who still make just over $10 an hour.

-Comparing Alice Faye Bragg and Jane Claymore is apples and oranges. Bragg
writes interesting columns about the old days and is impressive with her
knowledge of West Virginia flora and fungi, while Claymore tells the truth,
hurting the feelings of most conservatives.

-To Sen. Erik Wells: What about all the kids living with single parents,
grandparents, and families or parents with no license? Is this fair to them?

-Sallie Pat Tackett, wife of Allen Tackett, deserves credit for being the woman
behind the man. She has done a great job as the first lady of the West Virginia
National Guard.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 24, 1999, Friday

A 'Savagely' funny play

BYLINE: JORGE SANCHEZ

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Steppin' Out IN HERNANDO COUNTY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



Playhouse 19 opens its season tonight with "The Curious Savage," a popular
comedy about a group of peculiar mental patients.

One of the most popular community theater and high school comedies, The Curious
Savage, makes its debut tonight as the season opener at Playhouse 19 in Crystal
River.

The play begins in what appears to be a typical 1950s-era living room, occupied
by a group of normal-looking adults. The audience soon learns, however, that
these oddball yet sympathetic characters are the slightly peculiar patients of a
mental ward called The Cloisters.

Each character develops along the lines of their mental "tics,' or
eccentricities. There is a wide range of strange behavior. The situation is
comedic because each patient knows the others' deficiencies, but not his or her
own.

The only character who doesn't seem to fit in ais Mrs. Savage, played by Lois
Fallstich.

"She is a really neat old lady," said Fallstich, who played Abby Brewster in
Playhouse 19's version of Arsenic and Old Lace last season.

"I just fell in love with Mrs. Savage. Her joy in life would be to get people
all the things they would like, but could never have."

It is Mrs. Savage's big-hearted but eccentric nature that lands her in a mental
institution with greedy stepchildren plotting to finagle her out of a $
10-million inheritance, Fallstich said.

Though the plot takes some sad turns, Fallstich said it mostly is hilarious.

"This is a show where people can come and get away from the stress in their
lives for a couple of hours," said the Crystal River woman. "Knowing I am a part
of that makes me feel I did something worthwhile."

The supporting cast includes Celeste Harbison as Fairy May; Michael Smith as
Samuel; Melanie Days as Lily Belle; Ben Bennett as Jeffrey; Cheryl Turman as
Mrs. Paddy; Pegi Zelneronok as Miss Wilhelmina; Patti Cyr as Florence; Paul
Ivill as Dr. Emmett; Jonathan Heinz as Titus and Frank Hanshaw as Hannibal. Judy
Poplawski directs.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, STEVE HASEL; Lois Fallstich portrays Mrs. Savage and Paul
Ivill is Dr. Emmett in The Curious Savage at Playhouse 19.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Union strike bus-ted Back to school!

BYLINE: YOAV GONEN and DAVID SEIFMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 433 words


The embattled school-bus drivers union called off its monthlong strike late
yesterday after a series of setbacks and crumbling support from its rank and
file, sources told The Post.

The decision to return drivers and matrons of Amalgamated Transit Union's Local
1181 to yellow buses on Wednesday - following an abbreviated winter break - was
presented by top union brass in a conference call with members.

The strike's end was a significant win for Mayor Bloomberg, who took a big risk
by displacing tens of thousands of schoolkids from buses to competitively bid
out a portion of the city's costly school-bus contracts for the first time in 33
years.

His refusal to even meet with the union after the Department of Education
removed long-held job protections for school-bus workers left Local 1181 with
few options.

There was also growing grumbling from drivers, matrons and mechanics, who said
they were struggling to live on the union's $300 weekly strike stipend since the
action was launched Jan. 16.

"People are getting testy; they can't pay their bills, they can't work," said
John Jankowski, a 22-year veteran of Local 1181.

Sources said the union managed to finagle a face-saving letter late Thursday
from Democratic mayoral hopefuls, who promised to consider job-security measures
for school-bus workers in the next administration.

"We pledge . . . [to] take effective action to insure that the important job
security, wages and benefits of your members are protected within the bidding
process, while at the same time are fiscally responsible for taxpayers," the
letter reads.

It was signed by City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, Public Advocate Bill de
Blasio, Comptroller John Liu, former Comptroller Bill Thompson and former City
Councilman Sal Albanese.

But a source close to the bus strike said the letter was organized by ATU's
international arm to put pressure on the local union to get members back to
work.

Local 1181 President ­Michael Cordiello told his members, "This war is not
over."

Additional reporting by Kate Kowsh and Dana Sauchelli

---

The schoolbus driver strike is over: Who won?

* The city wins on current round of contracts for 1,100 routes, which were bid
competitively for the first time in decades and eliminated job protections.

* The union loses on current round of bids (barring any lawsuits), because
companies aren't required to hire unions' veteran drivers, matrons or mechanics.

* The union wins by having five mayoral candidates promise that as mayor they
would revisit job protections for union workers next year.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   September 8, 2005 Thursday JERSEY EDITION

Jonathan Storm / Like any reunion, so familiar

BYLINE: By Jonathan Storm; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Pg. E09

LENGTH: 551 words


Maybe you can be a TV writer. Take this quick test, inspired by Fox's Reunion,
which premieres tonight at 9.

1.The tipsy rich kid and his buddy are driving real fast after high school
graduation in the rich kid's Porsche. What will happen?

2.The pregnant girl in her little hospital smock waits for the doctor at the
abortion clinic. What will happen? (Hint: Remember, this is network TV.)

3.The young man sits in court as the judge peruses the plea bargain that will
give him an extremely light sentence. "This is just a formality," his lawyer
tells him. What will the judge do?

You'll have to watch the show to see if you've got what it takes to make it in
TV, and even if you get all three right, you probably shouldn't quit your day
job, because you'd never be smart enough to come up with the kind of cool
dialogue that characterizes Reunion:

Totally awesome babe named Jenna to supposed nerd who has criticized her
not-so-selective sexual habits:

"I'm not some virgin who's angry at the world because he can't convince any girl
in town to sleep with him."

Handsome nerd, staring moonfaced as awesome babe stalks off:

"Not any girl, Jenna. Not any girl."

And even if you could get the action and the dialogue right, you'd never be able
to finagle the soundtrack so that Bonnie Tyler wails, in perfect timing to the
heartbreaking drama on screen: "Once upon a time I was falling in love, but now
I'm only falling apart. There's nothing I can do, a total eclipse of the heart."

And, even if you could get the action and the dialogue and the soundtrack right,
you'd never come up with the complex relationships among the six (with young,
gorgeous TV friends, it's always six) lead characters in the show.

Nerd boy not so secretly pines for slut, who chases after older men. Nerd girl
pines for nerd boy, but will never tell him, even given best friend's urging.
Best friend and rich kid make the perfect couple, except when she's fooling
around with hisbest friend, who, of course, is poor.

All this foolishness is encased in an intriguing concept. Reunionis the anti-24,
whose entire season covers one day at the rate of one hour per episode.
Reunioncovers 20 years at the rate of one year per episode.

It all starts in 2005. One of the buddies has been murdered. A detective
collects testimony from the other five, one at a time. They tell tales, via
flashbacks beginning in 1986, of important events as the group grows up. In the
first few episodes, you won't know who's dead, but unless you're really dumb,
you should figure it out by the time all the survivors have had their first chat
with the detective.

So, you say, what will they do next year?

"The goal would be to use one of our characters to transition to a new group of
friends and tell their story over 20 years," producer Jon Harmon Feldman told TV
critics at their summer meeting in Los Angeles.

So far, Fox has ordered 13 episodes. What if it decides to end the show, which
is airing opposite CSIand The Apprentice, there? Feldman promised to "tie it
up."

But if it ends after five or six, a distinct possibility at quick-hook Fox, our
heroes might just be stuck in the '90s forever.

Talk about a total eclipse of the heart.

To comment on this article, go to: http://go.philly.com/askstorm

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Poole: Dirty gossip percolating of possible Oakland A's, Tampa Bay Rays
contraction

BYLINE: By Monte Poole Bay Area News Group

SECTION: SPORTS; Baseball

LENGTH: 788 words


As the A's vacate Arizona and head back to the home they want to abandon, their
fans in the East Bay have moved past anxiety and settled into the drowsy fatigue
that comes with two years awaiting reply to a simple question:

Is the future in Oakland or San Jose?

Meanwhile, there's a nasty whisper circulating about baseball that it might be
neither, that the A's could be devoured by their associates.

The preferred term is "contraction," a cold concept in any business but
especially so if you're among the multitude who have spent some or all of the
last 43 years investing your hearts, throats and credit cards in the Oakland
club.

Though the likelihood of contraction is about the same as that of A's manager
Bob Geren being replaced by Shooty Babitt, any prolonged gestation period is
bound to hatch innuendo and speculation. And, yes, it has been exactly 24 months
since commissioner Bud Selig promised a "blue ribbon panel" would evaluate the
team's future options.

This latest gossip comes with details juicy enough to quench the thirst of
anyone seeking a tall glass of conspiracy.

According to veteran New York Post baseball columnist Joel Sherman, "a person
involved with baseball labor" recently acknowledged that contraction, previously
discussed in relation to the Montreal Expos and Minnesota Twins, has been
refloated, with the A's and Tampa Bay Rays as candidates.

Why the A's and Rays? Because no two franchises have more frequent fantasies of
fleeing their ballparks, Selig hates both yards and -- here's where it gets
particularly delicious -- he could finagle a soft landing for two owners for
whom he has an affinity.

In this scenario, A's co-owners Lew Wolff and John Fisher get the Los Angeles
Dodgers, with Rays owner Stu Sternberg getting the New York Mets. It's kind of
like Jeffrey Loria went from owning the Expos, making them disappear, and
getting the Florida Marlins.

If there is an owner Selig wants to dump, it's Frank McCourt, whose stewardship
of the Dodgers has been by turns bizarre and inept, and whose messy divorce is
both a financial beehive and an ongoing embarrassment to the, ahem, sanctity of
the sport.

If there is an owner whose predicament gnaws at Bud, it's Fred Wilpon of the
Mets. The Wilpon family has acute financial losses related to its involvement
with the infamous Bernie Madoff, serving a 150-year term for running the
granddaddy of all Ponzi schemes.

With McCourt as the tack in Bud's loafers and the Wilpons as a constant case of
heartburn, it's easy to imagine Selig nudging them toward the same door through
which the minority owners of the old Expos were tossed. Bud would be happier,
healthier and more willing to embrace retirement when his term ends after the
2012 season.

It would be a win for Selig, a win for his old frat brother Wolff -- or as Bud
refers to him, "Lewie" -- and a win for Sternberg.

Furthermore, this would complete a rout by the Giants, who stridently and
consistently have defended San Jose as their turf and surely would recognize and
exploit the advantages of a local baseball monopoly.

It's victories all around -- except for baseball fans in the Bay Area, A's fans
in particular, and fans in the Tampa-St. Petersburg metro area. Has there ever
been the slightest indication Selig gives a hoot about them?

There is this view among certain owners outside Oakland and Tampa Bay that
through revenue sharing they are subsidizing the A's, Rays and several other
franchises where too many seats sit vacant.

"The A's are hamstrung by the situation," one source told AOL FanHouse during
the winter meetings. "They are always going to be a small-money, small-market
team while they are playing in the Coliseum."

This conveniently ignores local response to captivating, contending teams at the
Oakland Coliseum. Attendance thrived under the Haas ownership and had its
moments under Steve Schott and Ken Hofmann before being systematically sheared
off by Wolff.

The point, however, is Selig and the owners want the A's out of the Coliseum,
the Rays out of that homely dome in St. Pete, McCourt out of L.A. and Wilpon out
of New York.

It's a solution for Bud, pending other considerations.

Thankfully for both Bay Areas, other considerations exist. No union in the world
is stronger than the MLB Players Association, which wouldn't stand for a
proposal eliminating 50 jobs, 25 players from each contracted team.

This is not the kind of road down which Selig, monitoring labor strife in the
NFL and perhaps the NBA, dares to travel.

So we're back to the blue-ribbon committee snoozing indefinitely, San Jose
remaining on hold and the A's in Oakland. It's still home, at least for now,
perhaps for as long as they exist.

Contact Monte Poole at mpoole@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 16, 1999, Friday, Home Edition

Satire on soft drink giant seems like the real thing;
 Original formula: An Australian author has fun with a novel about a cola
marketing campaign run amuck in L.A.; no word yet from Coke.

BYLINE: Don O'Briant, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Features; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 560 words

Halfway through his satirical novel about a cola marketing campaign, Australian
Max Barry added an X to his name. Now he's Maxx. It's just the sort of thing a
sharp marketing executive would do.

"It's a joke," says Barry, 26, whose fictional "Syrup" (Viking, $ 23.95) is set
in the offices of the Coca-Cola Co. in Los Angeles. "Creative types live in
mortal fear of someone forgetting who they are, so they change their names to
make them stand out more. I had fun with this idea in 'Syrup' with characters
like Scat, 6 and Sneaky Pete."

In the novel, Scat (formerly George Michael Holloway) and a female Coke
marketing executive named 6 pitch the concept of a new cola product. The soft
drink would be sold in a black can with a four-letter name that's unprintable in
a family newspaper.

After their idea is stolen by his friend, Sneaky Pete, Scat and 6 finagle their
way into Pete's dream project: a $ 140 million feature film about Coca- Cola
starring Tom Cruise and Gwyneth Paltrow.

Actually, Barry says, he never set foot in a Coca-Cola office. In fact, the
Melbourne resident visited America only once --- and that was for three days.
Everything he knows about the United States he learned through television,
movies, sports, music, advertising and the Internet.

"This book isn't set in any kind of American reality," Barry says. "It's a
Madison Avenue type of culture. In Australia, we get so many American TV shows
and American music, it was easy to use those. Even in (Australian) business, the
American corporate culture dominates."

Book done on lunch break

Barry used Coca-Cola in the book simply as an example of a big marketing
company.

"It was never intended to be a satire of that particular company," Barry says.
"When my publisher bought the book, there was some concern about whether it was
libelous --- there were some things in there about exploding Coke cans --- but
the legal department said they thought as long as I wasn't basing it on anything
Coke had done, we were all right. So far, I haven't heard a thing from Coke."

Barry absorbed the politics of corporate culture while working in the marketing
department of Hewlett-Packard in Australia.

"It was baptism by fire as to how a big company works. That's how I got the idea
for the setting. Ever since I studied marketing in college, I've been fascinated
by the concept of selling stuff to people where the quality of the product is
not nearly as important as the way it's presented. "

He wrote the book during lunch, sitting in his car and tapping away on his
laptop computer for 40 minutes. He attributes the short, punchy chapters to his
abbreviated lunch breaks.

In addition, he sprinkles excerpts from marketing case studies throughout the
book. For example, when marketing cola, "Never never discuss taste. Taste is 90
percent psychological, and it doesn't sell cola; it's roughly a tenth as
important as image."

Despite some good early reviews (Spin magazine called the novel "a deft
satirical indictment of an industry that makes its living pushing satire"), "
Syrup" has not attracted a lot of Hollywood interest.

"We've gotten a few inquiries," Barry said, "but I think the problem is, the
book is about a movie, and Hollywood doesn't like to make movies about movies.
That may change after I send Gwyneth Paltrow a copy of the novel."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 16, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Commission to Study Rules for Lobbyists

Daniel LeDuc, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKLY - MD; Pg. M01

LENGTH: 1403 words



It was veteran Maryland lobbyist James Doyle who summed it up best: "There are
many people in the state who believe 'lobbying ethics' is an oxymoron."

But there they were anyway, Doyle and 12 other members of the Study Commission
on Lobbyists Ethics, which met for the first time last week and will work
through autumn studying the laws regulating the hundreds of lobbyists who work
in Annapolis.

The commission was formed by lawmakers who decided it was time to find out
whether regulations on lobbyists were adequate. The study comes a year after a
similar commission looked at legislative ethics and recommended many changes in
how legislators can interact with lobbyists--changes that many lobbyists said
they've found confusing or illogical.

Former delegate Donald B. Robertson, of Montgomery County, is chairman. He has
scheduled meetings almost weekly between now and November, including a public
hearing whose participants will include Common Cause, the League of Women Voters
and a professional organization of lobbyists.

The study comes at a time when lobbying is a thriving business in Maryland.
There are 571 people registered to lobby, far more than just a decade ago. And
there are some important new trends as well, John O'Donnell, executive director
of the State Ethics Commission, told the study group. The Ethics Commission
registers lobbyists and is the clearinghouse for the lobbyists to report their
clients, fees and expenses.

"The number of employers [or clients] is growing faster than the number of
lobbyists," O'Donnell said. "What that really means is that more and more power
is being placed in the hands of less and less."

He said that the top 24 lobbyists accounted for about half of all the lobbying
fees. That means those lobbyists frequently have closer relationships with
legislators and more influence.

Changes in lobbying laws that take effect Oct. 1 may only heighten that
influence. Although lobbyists will be barred from buying meals for individual
lawmakers, they still will be allowed to entertain legislative committees and
delegations.

Those group dinners usually are held at the toniest restaurants in Annapolis and
can cost several thousand dollars. That means a lobbyist with deep pockets still
can entertain, but one on a tighter budget will have it tougher.

"I can't take a single legislator out for a bottle of beer. Yet if I can finagle
enough money from my clients, I can throw the most lavish dinners," said Doyle,
a member of the study group who is considered the dean of the lobbying corps.
"That's an inconsistency that makes no sense. It's a reform that doesn't work."

The new law hasn't even taken effect yet, but it's already in practice: In 1995,
lobbyists reported spending $ 416,000 for one-on-one meals with lawmakers,
O'Donnell said. By 1998, that dropped to $ 57,000. In that same period, spending
on dinners and receptions for groups of legislators more than doubled, from $
245,000 to more than $ 500,000.

In the first six months of this year, O'Donnell said, one-on-one meals amounted
to $ 22,000. But lobbyists spent $ 556,000 on group dinners and receptions.

In addition to Robertson and Doyle, the other panel members are lobbyists Annie
Kronk, William Pitcher and Joel Rozner; Sens. Michael J. Collins (D-Baltimore
County) and Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery); Dels. John S. Arnick (D-Baltimore
County), Robert H. Kittleman (R-Howard) and Maggie L. McIntosh (D-Baltimore);
and public members Herbert Alexander, a retired University of Southern
California professor, Wilveria Riddick, a Baltimore schoolteacher, and Dorothy
Fait, a Rockville lawyer.

The commission's next meeting will be at the House Office Building in Annapolis
at 8:30 a.m. Sept. 22.


Longtime Official to Retire

Robert L. Swann, a popular state official who served briefly as comptroller
after the death of Louis L. Goldstein last year, has announced that he's
retiring Oct. 1.

Swann, a native of Calvert County, joined the comptroller's office in 1961,
working for Goldstein, who went on to be the longest-serving state official in
Maryland history. Goldstein died in July 1998, and Swann, who was deputy
comptroller, was appointed by Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) to fill in at the
top job until after that year's election. Former governor William Donald
Schaefer (D) was elected and took office in January. Swann resumed his old job
as deputy, overseeing data processing, general accounting, payroll and budget
functions for the office, which acts primarily as Maryland's tax collector.

"Anything I've achieved in my career I owe to the late comptroller Louis
Goldstein and to my co-workers in the Comptroller's Office," Swann said in a
statement. "And although I'm retiring, I'll always maintain a great interest in
the affairs of the state of Maryland."


Children's Chairmen Named

Del. Mark K. Shriver (D-Montgomery) and Sen. Edward J. Kasemeyer (D-Howard) have
been appointed co-chairmen of the new Joint Committee on Children, Youth and
Families.

The committee of 10 delegates and 10 senators is the first ever in Maryland to
focus on children's issues.

Shriver is founder and executive director of Choice Programs, which helps
juvenile delinquents. He has long been active in children's issues in the
legislature.


Official Switches Counties

Arlington County is losing an important player to Montgomery County.

Jorge M. Gonzalez, assistant county manager, who has been a key player in
Arlington County issues since 1995, is heading across the river to become senior
assistant chief administrative officer for the Maryland suburb.

Gonzalez's new job is the highest position in Montgomery County's merit
employment system.


Trucker Shows Guest the Road

Last Thursday was take-your-transportation- secretary-to-work day for trucker
Dawn Nichol.

Frustrated by the aggressive driving she sees while hauling toys for Toys R Us,
the 31-year-old Gaithersburg woman wrote to Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening
(D) in March, pleading for driver education that teaches people to share the
road with trucks.

"I hope you can understand how I feel, and if you can't I invite you to ride
with me one night," she wrote.

She never really expected Glendening to take her up on the offer.

He didn't, but Maryland Transportation Secretary John D. Porcari did, asking her
to meet him at his office at the Department of Transportation headquarters near
Baltimore-Washington International Airport.

Nichol, wearing a black T-shirt she had made that read "God loves truckers too"
on its back, handed Porcari an identical shirt as a gift. She then opened the
truck's passenger door for him, holding it ajar until he climbed way up into his
seat and pulled the seat belt around him.

And then the two were off, alone in a tractor-trailer plastered with a smiling
giraffe, for an eye-opening 35-minute ride along some of Howard and Baltimore
counties' busiest routes.

Early on, a white Geo Metro merging from Interstate 295 onto Interstate 195
darted in front of Nichol on its way to the far left lane, cutting her off and
causing her to tap her brakes hard. There were a few more instances like that as
Nichol and Porcari headed to Interstate 95 north, then to the Baltimore Beltway,
Interstate 70 and Route 29 south and back toward Department of Transportation
headquarters via Route 100 and I-295. Porcari saw how difficult it is for a
truck to switch lanes--no one wants to let a big rig in front of them--and what
massive blind spots trucks have on both sides and behind them.

"I think both personally and professionally it gave me a new perspective,"
Porcari said to a gaggle of television cameras after hopping down from the rig.

Nichol doesn't pretend that all truckers drive safely. She admits that some make
pretty dangerous moves at times. But she thinks most truckers get a bad rap, and
Porcari agreed. Last year, he said, two-thirds of the fatal crashes in Maryland
involving large trucks were caused by the other driver, not the trucker.

Porcari used the event to highlight truck safety, urging motorists to help
truckers by staying out of their blind spots and by remembering that for a truck
to stop completely takes three to four times the distance it takes a car.

"You can't repeal the laws of physics here," he said.


Staff writer Angela Paik contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 15, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

MARYLAND NOTEBOOK; Commission Reconsiders Rules for Lobbying

Daniel LeDuc, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PG EXTRA; Pg. M24

LENGTH: 1406 words



It was veteran Maryland lobbyist James Doyle who summed it up best: "There are
many people in the state who believe 'lobbying ethics' is an oxymoron."

But there they were anyway, Doyle and 12 other members of the Study Commission
on Lobbyists Ethics, which met for the first time last week and will work
through autumn studying the laws regulating the hundreds of lobbyists who work
in Annapolis.

The commission was formed by lawmakers who decided it was time to find out
whether regulations on lobbyists were adequate. The study comes a year after a
similar commission looked at legislative ethics and recommended many changes in
how legislators can interact with lobbyists--changes that many lobbyists said
they've found confusing or illogical.

Former delegate Donald B. Robertson, of Montgomery County, is chairman. He has
scheduled meetings almost weekly between now and November, including a public
hearing whose participants will include Common Cause, the League of Women Voters
and a professional organization of lobbyists.

The study comes at a time when lobbying is a thriving business in Maryland.
There are 571 people registered to lobby, far more than just a decade ago. And
there are some important new trends as well, John O'Donnell, executive director
of the State Ethics Commission, told the study group. The Ethics Commission
registers lobbyists and is the clearinghouse for the lobbyists to report their
clients, fees and expenses.

"The number of employers [or clients] is growing faster than the number of
lobbyists," O'Donnell said. "What that really means is that more and more power
is being placed in the hands of less and less."

He said that the top 24 lobbyists accounted for about half of all the lobbying
fees. That means those lobbyists frequently have closer relationships with
legislators and more influence.

Changes in lobbying laws that take effect Oct. 1 may only heighten that
influence. Although lobbyists will be barred from buying meals for individual
lawmakers, they still will be allowed to entertain legislative committees and
delegations.

Those group dinners usually are held at the toniest restaurants in Annapolis and
can cost several thousand dollars. That means a lobbyist with deep pockets still
can entertain, but one on a tighter budget will have it tougher.

"I can't take a single legislator out for a bottle of beer. Yet if I can finagle
enough money from my clients, I can throw the most lavish dinners," said Doyle,
a member of the study group who is considered the dean of the lobbying corps.
"That's an inconsistency that makes no sense. It's a reform that doesn't work."

The new law hasn't even taken effect yet, but it's already in practice: In 1995,
lobbyists reported spending $ 416,000 for one-on-one meals with lawmakers,
O'Donnell said. By 1998, that dropped to $ 57,000. In that same period, spending
on dinners and receptions for groups of legislators more than doubled, from $
245,000 to more than $ 500,000.

In the first six months of this year, O'Donnell said, one-on-one meals amounted
to $ 22,000. But lobbyists spent $ 556,000 on group dinners and receptions.

In addition to Robertson and Doyle, the other panel members are lobbyists Annie
Kronk, William Pitcher and Joel Rozner; Sens. Michael J. Collins (D-Baltimore
County) and Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery); Dels. John S. Arnick (D-Baltimore
County), Robert H. Kittleman (R-Howard) and Maggie L. McIntosh (D-Baltimore);
and public members Herbert Alexander, a retired University of Southern
California professor, Wilveria Riddick, a Baltimore schoolteacher, and Dorothy
Fait, a Rockville lawyer.

The commission's next meeting will be at the House Office Building in Annapolis
at 8:30 a.m. Sept. 22.


Longtime Official to Retire


Robert L. Swann, a popular state official who served briefly as comptroller
after the death of Louis L. Goldstein last year, has announced that he's
retiring Oct. 1.

Swann, a native of Calvert County, joined the comptroller's office in 1961,
working for Goldstein, who went on to be the longest-serving state official in
Maryland history. Goldstein died in July 1998, and Swann, who was deputy
comptroller, was appointed by Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) to fill in at the
top job until after that year's election. Former governor William Donald
Schaefer (D) was elected and took office in January. Swann resumed his old job
as deputy, overseeing data processing, general accounting, payroll and budget
functions for the office, which acts primarily as Maryland's tax collector.

"Anything I've achieved in my career I owe to the late comptroller Louis
Goldstein and to my co-workers in the Comptroller's Office," Swann said in a
statement. "And although I'm retiring, I'll always maintain a great interest in
the affairs of the state of Maryland."


Children's Chairmen Named


Del. Mark K. Shriver (D-Montgomery) and Sen. Edward J. Kasemeyer (D-Howard) have
been appointed co-chairmen of the new Joint Committee on Children, Youth and
Families.

The committee of 10 delegates and 10 senators is the first ever in Maryland to
focus on children's issues.

Shriver is founder and executive director of Choice Programs, which helps
juvenile delinquents. He has long been active in children's issues in the
legislature.


Official Switches Counties


Arlington County is losing an important player to Montgomery County.

Jorge M. Gonzalez, assistant county manager, who has been a key player in
Arlington County issues since 1995, is heading across the river to become senior
assistant chief administrative officer for the Maryland suburb.

Gonzalez's new job is the highest position in Montgomery County's merit
employment system.


Trucker Shows Guest the Road


Last Thursday was take-your-transportation-secretary-to-work day for trucker
Dawn Nichol.

Frustrated by the aggressive driving she sees while hauling toys for Toys R Us,
the 31-year-old Gaithersburg woman wrote to Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening
(D) in March, pleading for driver education that teaches people to share the
road with trucks.

"I hope you can understand how I feel, and if you can't I invite you to ride
with me one night," she wrote.

She never really expected Glendening to take her up on the offer.

He didn't, but Maryland Transportation Secretary John D. Porcari did, asking her
to meet him at his office at the Department of Transportation headquarters near
Baltimore-Washington International Airport.

Nichol, wearing a black T-shirt she had made that read "God loves truckers too"
on its back, handed Porcari an identical shirt as a gift. She then opened the
truck's passenger door for him, holding it ajar until he climbed way up into his
seat and pulled the seat belt around him.

And then the two were off, alone in a tractor-trailer plastered with a smiling
giraffe, for an eye-opening 35-minute ride along some of Howard and Baltimore
counties' busiest routes.

Early on, a white Geo Metro merging from Interstate 295 onto Interstate 195
darted in front of Nichol on its way to the far left lane, cutting her off and
causing her to tap her brakes hard. There were a few more instances like that as
Nichol and Porcari headed to Interstate 95 north, then to the Baltimore Beltway,
Interstate 70 and Route 29 south and back toward Department of Transportation
headquarters via Route 100 and I-295. Porcari saw how difficult it is for a
truck to switch lanes--no one wants to let a big rig in front of them--and what
massive blind spots trucks have on both sides and behind them.

"I think both personally and professionally it gave me a new perspective,"
Porcari said to a gaggle of television cameras after hopping down from the rig.

Nichol doesn't pretend that all truckers drive safely. She admits that some make
pretty dangerous moves at times. But she thinks most truckers get a bad rap, and
Porcari agreed. Last year, he said, two-thirds of the fatal crashes in Maryland
involving large trucks were caused by the other driver, not the trucker.

Porcari used the event to highlight truck safety, urging motorists to help
truckers by staying out of their blind spots and by remembering that for a truck
to stop completely takes three to four times the distance it takes a car.

"You can't repeal the laws of physics here," he said.



Staff writer Angela Paik contributed to this column.


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 24, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Plot spells 'Double' trouble for Jones, Judd

BYLINE: Mike Clark

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 386 words


Ashley Judd plays a remarkably quick study in the handsome howler
Double Jeopardy. Here's a woman who can expertly
steer a sailboat, finesse the Internet after a brief primer and
(after pumping iron) outrun winded cops. She makes challenging
tasks look easy, from traveling cross-country on very small change
to purchasing a pricey party dress by charging it to someone else.


This wonder woman has served time for killing her husband, and
now, after realizing that the creep set her up, she's bent on
completing the job. As a jailhouse lawyer tells her: You've served
the time, so what's to lose?

This is Jeopardy's gimmick, and the result has a drawback
common to such movies: too much screen time devoted to the conceit
when anyone who has seen the coming-attractions trailer knows
it already. Though Tommy Lee Jones is top-billed as a seedier
version of his The Fugitive/U.S. Marshals character, he
doesn't show up for a half-hour or more because acres of exposition
get in the way.

From the beginning we sense a couple of things: that Judd's husband
(Bruce Greenwood) is a smoothie louse, and that the schoolteacher
(Annabeth Gish) who cares for their child is so caring that she
must also be carrying on with Dad. So hubby frames wife and absconds
with child and mistress while Judd serves six years.

Parole officer Jones has just enough problems with booze to facilitate
Judd's escape. And in one of the many convenient plot turns, Judd
makes it to her parents' home and finagles a buried cigar box
of $ 20 bills from her mom. Somehow, this puny stash enables her
to hop the continent.

The film looks spectacular and moves with enough moronic zip to
keep you awake -- awake enough to hate yourself for having paid
attention the second it ends. Director Bruce Beresford (Driving
Miss Daisy) is enough of a pro to solder together a cosmetically
presentable package -- but in terms of logical leaps you need
know only one thing: Screenwriters Douglas Weisberg and Douglas
Cook previously penned The Rock.


Double Jeopardy

* *

Stars: Tommy Lee Jones, Ashley Judd, Bruce Greenwood

Director: Bruce Beresford

Distributor: Paramount

Rating: R for language, a scene of sexuality and some violence

Opens today nationwide

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Rob McEwan, Paramount Pictures; Trail boss: Tommy Lee Jones
tracks another fugitive in 'Double Jeopardy.'

TYPE: MOVIE REVIEW

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Computerworld

                                February 6, 1984
                              Correction Appended

High-tech Robin Hood pays piper

BYLINE: By John Gallant, CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; FYI; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: OLYMPIA, Wash.


When it came time for Stanley Slyngsted to order up a round of beers at
Charlie's Tavern here, he always outdid the other patrons by buying the
quart-size bottles.

Slyngsted liked attention, said bar manager Jim Silva, and he always had lots of
money to spend and to loan to other customers who were down on their luck.
Unfortunately, the money wasn't his.

State police said that between April 1982 and March 1983, Slyngsted, an
information supervisor for the state's Department of Social and Health Services,
used the agency's Sperry Corp. Model 1100/82 mainframe to issue himself some
$17,000 in fraudulent payments.

State Police Lt. Ed Crawford said the Olympia native designed the computer
program that issued the funds. According to Crawford, Slyngsted had the checks
made out to one Stanley Lyngsted at his home address -- the missing letter in
his surname designed to throw auditors off the trail.

Crawford said Slyngsted was thorough about destroying computerized evidence of
his wrongdoing, but he overlooked the canceled checks, which investigators
seized upon as evidence.

Slyngsted was arrested and pleaded guilty to first-degree theft. But he claimed
he had given all the stolen money to the broke and unemployed patrons of
Charlie's Tavern.

Instantly, bartender Silva said, the media seized on Slyngsted as "a Robin Hood
of the computer age." The tavern was besieged by writers from local and national
newspapers and by television crews, including ABC and NBC.

At his sentencing last July, Slyngsted told Thurston County Superior Court Judge
Hewitt Henry that he could "fill the courtroom" with the people who had
benefited from his ill-gotten gains. The judge was not impressed. Telling
reporters he was not at all pleased at playing the role of Sheriff of
Nottingham, Henry sentenced Slyngsted to the maximum 10 years in prison.

Speaking last week from the Cedar Creek Corrections Center in Little Rock, Ark.,
Slyngsted said he decided to finagle with the state computer only when his own
funds ran dry. "I figure I gave away between $20,000 and $30,000 of my own
money," said Slyngsted, who now programs Apple Computer, Inc. microcomputers for
prison administrators. "If I had it to do all over again, I'd still give away
the money. I've been broke myself -- I know what it's like."

Slyngsted said he never claimed to be a high-technology Robin Hood; that title
was thrust on him by reporters.

State police agreed that Slyngsted just didn't make it as a crusader for the
poor. "The claim that he gave all that money away was just an attempt to
minimize his sentence," Crawford said. "He had this reputation for being a big
spender down at Charlie's Tavern, where he would buy everyone rounds of drinks.
He was also a big talker and that was part of his downfall."

At Charlie's Tavern nowadays, Slyngsted is a frequent topic of conversation.
It's true, Silva said, that the bar's new celebrity once gave an unemployed
carpenter $600 so he could buy a new truck. But the newspapers' claims that
Slyngsted casually dropped $100 tips for the bartenders were totally false.

"Sure, he loaned people money and wouldn't take it back," Silva said. "But a lot
of that was just him trying to be a big man. He wasn't what the papers cracked
him up to be. He did it all for attention."

According to Slyngsted, the Department of Social and Health Services has filed
suit for triple damages to recover the purloined funds. The state has already
attached his retirement fund and savings, and he claimed authorities are
demanding at least $30,000 more in repayment.

And to add insult to injury, Slyngsted has been permanently banned from
Charlie's Tavern.

"He's been permanently kicked out," Silva said.  "He gave us a bad rap. He made
this place look like a home for the poor and downtrodden. He made it sound like
this was some sort of skid row joint. We serve the businessmen of Olympia here,"
Silva added.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 27, 1984

CORRECTION: "High-tech Robin Hood pays piper" [CW, Feb. 6] incorrectly stated
that Washington state's Cedar Creek Corrections Center is in Little Rock, Ark.
It is actually located near Littlerock, Wash.

                       Copyright 1984 Computerworld, Inc.


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           January 15, 2005 Saturday
                             Weekend Family Edition

BACK TO BASICS;
Lace up your skates;
HELP YOURSELF

BYLINE: Staff And Wire Services

SECTION: FAMILY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 199 words


This is the last weekend to take advantage of the Skating Series at the
FleetCenter, sponsored by the Savings Bank Life Insurance Company of
Massachusetts. Due to the National Hockey League lockout, public skating at the
FleetCenter continues through Monday. For more information on skating times and
prices, see www.fleetcenter.com or call 617-624-2327 (BEAR). Typical teens?
While some degree of defiance and disengagement from the family is normal in the
teen years, it is important that parents not pass everything off by saying, "Oh,
he's just a teenager." There are two important clues that differentiate normal
teen struggles with depression. Page F6 BRIDAL DIARY Put it in perspective
Empathize with Ledger LifeStyle editor and bride-to-be Dana Braga as she
finagles the ups and downs of wedding planning. Page 9 BOOK NOOK Check it out,
dude It takes a while to warm up to "Snow Dude" (Hyperion, $16.99, ages 3-8) by
Daniel Kirk. The snowman that Nick and Kara Candlewick build is quite a handful.
He's a rebel and a little bit of a devil, but he's also cute, talented and, as
readers eventually learn, loyal. Pretty soon, everyone wants a Snow Dude of
their own. - Staff and wire services

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            February 7, 2014 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ICONIC SLEUTH GETS OUR VOTE

BYLINE: COLETTE BANCROFT, Times Book Editor

SECTION: LOCAL; REVIEW: 'BOSCH'; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 654 words


How well does the pilot episode of Bosch translate bestselling author Michael
Connelly's tough but beloved series character to the screen?

As a longtime fan of the 18 novels about the hard-boiled Los Angeles homicide
detective, I would say: Nailed it.

Connelly, who lives in Tampa but sets his fiction amid the sweet dreams and mean
streets of L.A., had major involvement in the development of this potential
series about Hieronymous "Harry" Bosch, and it shows in every frame of the
hourlong pilot. From the casting of Titus Welliver (The Good Wife, Deadwood) as
Bosch to the atmospheric portrayal of the city, the pilot captures the tone and
details of Connelly's fiction, which has sold many millions of books worldwide.

It's unusual for an author to have so much input into a screen version of his
books. Also unusual is the show's venue and the direct importance of audience
input. The pilot is one of 10 available now for free viewing through Amazon
Instant Video (see box), and everyone who watches Bosch becomes part of a focus
group that could greenlight the series. The more viewers who watch and rate it,
the better the chances that more episodes will be made for Amazon Studios.

After watching the pilot, I'm rooting for it - I want more. The show is not a
one-to-one adaptation of any of the books; instead, it combines elements from
two novels, City of Bones (2002) and The Concrete Blonde (1994), with original
material. Connelly has adapted the characters and the chronology - Bosch, who in
the most recent novels is approaching retirement, is considerably younger here,
as are familiar characters like his partner, Jerry Edgar (Jamie Hector).

The pilot is not self-contained; it sets up a story meant to arc over a season,
with Bosch involved in several cases. It opens with him tailing, then shooting a
suspect, then moves to a couple of years later, with Bosch in court because the
family of the man he shot is suing him. Bored out of his mind, he finagles the
shift of two other detectives (fans will recognize Crate and Barrel) even though
he's supposed to be off the roster. Bosch lives to work, to, as another cop says
to him, do something that matters.

When he gets a call about a dog that has found a supposedly human bone up in the
hills, he's skeptical. But, as the song goes, the arm bone's connected ...

The success of this show hinges on its title character, who is deeply real to a
legion of readers. Does Welliver look exactly like the Harry I picture? No. Does
he make me believe he is Harry? Indeed he does. Gruff, wisecracking, seething
with carefully controlled rage, slyly flirtatious, a man who can shrug off all
sorts of horrors but break down over a telltale crack in the bone of a long-dead
victim - this is Bosch. (Sensitive types should be warned that Welliver's
performance is also true to the books in that Harry cusses a blue streak and
smokes up a storm.)

The pilot does just as fine a job with Los Angeles, which in the books is
portrayed in such detail and complexity it's more character than place. There
are glimpses of Angel's Flight and Hollywood Station, a dinner at Musso and
Frank, and great scenes in Bosch's cantilevered hillside home at night, the city
a sea of lights beyond the windows, jazz musician Frank Morgan's Lullaby playing
softly as Bosch broods.

Connelly himself has a funny cameo in the pilot. But it's not like those
plays-himself poker games he sometimes shows up for on Castle; blink and you'll
miss him.

But don't miss Bosch.

Colette Bancroft can be reached at cbancroft@tampabay.com or (727) 893-8435.

* * *

ON THE WEB

The Bosch pilot episode is available now for free on Amazon Instant Video. Sign
in through your Amazon.com account, find the Bosch pilot on the Instant Video
page, and click to watch. Viewers are asked to rate and share the pilot; if it
garners enough support, Bosch will become a series. For more information, go to
michaelconnelly.com/bosch-tv/.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Amazon (2): Titus Welliver, below, plays the title role in
Amazon's new pilot Bosch.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 3, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE MEDIA BUSINESS: Advertising;
Awarding Cash Prizes to Stamp Out Boredom in Billboards

BYLINE: By STUART ELLIOTT

SECTION: Section D; Page 6; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 770 words


THE idea is simple, yet ingenious. A poster shows a mighty dam holding back a
Niagara-sized amount of water, and across the top of the dam is a single word --
"Huggies."

This unexpectedly imaginative way of advertising one of the most mundane
products imaginable has won a hefty prize in a contest intended to help persuade
agencies that creativity in outdoor ads is no oxymoronic concept.

The prize-winning idea was created by three employees at Ogilvy & Mather New
York for the Kimberly-Clark brand of diapers.

The poster was awarded the grand prize, worth $10,000, at a reception in
Manhattan last night, the culmination of the third annual Creative Challenge
contest sponsored by the Gannett Outdoor Group in New York. In addition to the
money, the Ogilvy employees -- Jeff Bitsack, Mark Fenske and Anna Lam -- will
see their poster run free for a month in the New York subway system, subject to
working out final arrangements. That space, courtesy of Gannett Transit, is
valued at an additional $50,000 to $60,000.

"We thought it was a very fresh way to deliver an old, old message, that diapers
hold in water," Bert Kemp, vice president and national creative director at the
Gannett Outdoor Group, said in an interview before the reception.

The contest is part of ambitious continuing efforts by the outdoor-advertising
industry being aimed at agencies, particularly their younger employees who
generally tend to believe producing television commercials is the alpha and
omega of the creative process, not to mention a fabulous way to finagle a trip
to the Greek islands to oversee a filming that doubles as a vacation.

By contrast, Mr. Kemp said, in his medium "there's no singing, no dancing, no
Joe Pytka coming in to save you if you don't have an idea," referring to the
high-profile director of spots for mega-marketers like Pepsi-Cola.

"It forces you to get down to the essence of what you're trying to say," he
added.

It is crucially important for the outdoor-ad industry to overcome skepticism
about its medium's ability to serve as a showcase for creativity. The industry
desperately needs to broaden its revenue base beyond the traditional mainstays
of alcoholic beverages and tobacco, which in recent years have been drastically
reducing their outdoor-ad budgets.

Of the estimated $1.5 billion spent annually on outdoor advertising,
tobacco-related marketers like Philip Morris and R. J. Reynolds have been the
largest single category of advertiser, at around 13 percent, while beer, wine
and liquor have accounted for around 6 percent of revenues.

Some progress has been made in luring other types of products, like packaged
goods, into the outdoor medium. In May, for instance, McDonald's purchased space
on about 20,000 billboards, around 5 percent of the nation's total, to promote
its lower-priced menu items.

But still more needs to be done if the entire medium wants to avoid being
relegated to the corner of the Advertising Hall of Fame reserved for quaint ad
vehicles like Burma-Shave's rhyming roadside signs of the 1930's and 1940's.

Mr. Kemp said he believed that the industry could, through contests, try to
spend its way into the hearts and minds of agency executives. Gannett, North
America's largest outdoor-ad company, is sponsoring Creative Challenges in nine
other cities besides New York, he said, and is considering some kind of national
competition, with a grand prize of $50,000.

"We've made a lot of headway with this competition," he said, citing the growth
in entries to nearly 400 this year from 24 agencies, compared with around 250 in
1991, from 13 shops.

In addition to the grand prize, Gannett Outdoor Group last night bestowed two
first prizes, each worth $5,000. One went to Sarah Chauncey and David Cole at
Grey Advertising in New York, for the Mitsubishi Montero 4x4 vehicle. Their
poster showed a straight line from Point A to Point B, which because it covered
a wildly challenging terrain could be navigated only in a Montero.

The other first-prize award went to Amy Haddad and Susan Lieber at D'Arcy Masius
Benton & Bowles in New York, for Burger King. Their poster showed a pregnant
woman above a pictograph of the hamburger condiments that customers can request
at the fast-feeder's restaurants; the only condiment she chose for her order
was, of course, pickles.

There were also six entries that won honorable mentions in the contest. They
earned the winners lunches at Lutece in Manhattan, where thoughts of creativity
in outdoor advertising would most likely result in posters promoting "deux pour
un" sales on truffles or Champagne.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 20, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

NBC OFFERS 'BIGSHOTS,' ABOUT RUSSIAN EMIGRES

BYLINE: By JOHN J. O'CONNOR

SECTION: Section C; Page 26, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 482 words


THE talent that has gone into ''Bigshots in America'' makes the deplorable
result all the more disheartening. The stars are Joe Mantegna, winner of a Tony
Award for ''Glengarry Glen Ross;'' Christine Baranski, winner of a Tony Award
for ''The Real Thing,'' and Keith Szarabajka, seen in the film ''Missing.'' The
producer is Lorne Michaels, long the guiding force behind ''Saturday Night
Live.'' The director is Jim Burrows, one of the creators of ''Cheers.'' If this
had been a Broadway-play project, I would have invested before the formal
auditions. However, ''Bigshots in America'' is a television situation comedy,
which can be seen on NBC tonight at 9:30 o'clock. For good reason, the potential
series is not on the network's fall schedule.

With more than a passing nod to the Robin Williams movie ''Moscow on the
Hudson,'' the show centers on Joey (Mr. Mantegna), who arrived in America from
the Soviet Union seven years ago. Joey is the superintendent of a building in
the Brighton Beach section of Brooklyn. The opening credits feature shots of the
area's residents walking under elevated trains and shopping in shops with names
like Gastronom Moscow. That much is fine.

And Joey himself shows some promise as he trips cheerfully through the assorted
get-rich-quick schemes that abound in his adopted land. After turning on his
television set and saying hello to the news anchors Chuck and Sue, he listens
carefully to the Lotto drawings. Answering his phone, he is quick to announce,
''99X is my favorite radio station, the one I tune to, the one I croon to,'' on
the off-chance that he might be a lucky listener. Things are going reasonably
well for Joey. Mrs. Cohen (Helen Hanft) complains about the plumbing, but she's
harmless. His friend Dave (Dan Vitale) keeps dropping by with such things as a
side of beef or a toaster oven that seem to have fallen off some mystery truck.
And Joey is sure he can finagle a date with the tenant named Cara (Miss
Baranski).

But then, Alan Zweibel's script saddles Joey with a young Russian cousin, a
sailor who decides to jump his ship as it is leaving New York harbor. Enci (Mr.
Szarabajka) is an eagerly nice young man who doesn't speak a word of English,
which leads to a number of labored language lessons. It becomes quickly obvious
that ''Bigshots in America'' is in trouble. The pacing collapses. The jokes get
more desperate. The laugh track gets louder. Joey is reduced to warning his
demonstrative cousin that ''here, if two men hug and kiss each other too much,
it means things I don't even want to think about.''

In the end, Joey and Enci, renamed Eddie, are holding glasses under a stream of
water spurting from their ceiling. We are back, inevitably, to Mrs. Cohen's
plumbing. Mr. Mantegna and Mr. Szarabajka look genuinely distressed, far more so
than the script was likely to demand. They have my unstinting sympathy.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Christine Baranski and Keith Szarabajka

TYPE: REVIEW

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                October 12, 2008

New York still basks in Sex And The City limelight

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Books

LENGTH: 632 words


Of the characters in Bushnell's latest offering, there could only ever be one
star, writes Anne Marie Scanlon

One Fifth Avenue

Candace Bushnell

Little Brown, EUR12.99

Ask anyone to name 10 TV shows set in New York and you can be sure Sex and the
City will be one of the first they mention.SATC is just one of a long line of
shows and movies that are not only set in New York, but also actually star the
city itself.The mythologising of Gotham by film-makers goes back as far as the
iconic image of King Kong climbing the Empire State Building in 1933. There are
small children in ruralIreland who could immediately identify a picture of New
York but would be hard pressed to identify a similar one of Ireland's capital
city.

The original creator of Sex and the City, Candace Bushnell, is a savvy NewYorker
and more than aware of her own role in the continuing mythology of her home
town. In her latest book, One Fifth Avenue, you can sense she has a slight
ambivalence about this fact. When theself-obsessed 22-year-old Lola Fabrikant,
who "had watched every single episode of Sex and the City at least "a hundred
times," moves to New York City (on her parent's dime) she insists on living in
the West Village because that's where Carrie Bradshaw lived.If Lola can't find
her own "Mr Big" as Carrie did, she's happy to seek fame or become "the star of
her own reality show".

Lola Fabrikant is one of many characters all linked with the apartment building
at One Fifth Avenue of the title. Lola, a monster if ever there was one, is
typical of the "entitled" generation, a female American Ross O'Carroll Kelly. "I
don't put anyone above me. I don't care what they've accomplished. I'm as good
as anyone. Even if they have won two Academy Awards." Lola has managed to
finagle her way into the life of One Fifth resident, Philip Oakland, a
prize-winning author, who is slumming it writing screenplays, such as
Bridesmaids Revisited. Philip lives next to his elderly aunt, Enid Merle, the
"nice" syndicated gossip columnist (probably based on gossip Grande Dame Liz
Smith), while his old flame Schiffer Diamond an over-40 (hence over-the-hill)
movie actress moves back into the building and into television drama.

When old-money Louise Houghton dies, her triplex apartment sells to an
investment banker for $25 million. After spending so much money, Paul Rice
believes he is entitled to do what he wants with hisproperty and falls foul of
the head of the building's board, Mindy Gooch.

Mindy, rich by anybody's standards with her salary of half a million a year, is
like a poor relation in One Fifth, and her relative penuryis compounded as she,
her husband, son and dog, livein an apartment comprisedof former servants
quarters and storage areas, a farcry from the marble-halled glory of Mr Rice's
triplex.In this book, Bushnell has moved beyond her usual metier, detailing the
mode and manners of modern American Society (with a capital "S").

There's a lot more in One Fifth Avenue, including a cracking plot about a
missing historical artefact and examples of how the internet has democratised
the writing process. Enid writes a traditional gossip column, while Thayer Core
(if there were a prize for best character names Bushnell would win hands down),
writes bitchy pieces on his gossip website. Mindy's husband labours for years on
a novel that few read, whereas, when she starts writing a blog she immediately
attracts a huge audience; even Lola, who sleeps with men as a means to an end,
finds that she can doubly profit by blogging about her exploits. Lola wants to
be a star, but as usual the real star of the show is New York itself and by the
end you realise that decade after decade, century after century, the characters
may differ but the stories in the Big Apple remain the same.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    October 18, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

COVER STORY: 10 GREAT STRESS RELIEVERS

BYLINE: SABINE MORROW

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Buyer's Edge; Pg. 12BE

LENGTH: 776 words


Stress is an unavoidable consequence of life. That's all fine and well, but
sometimes we can slide out of our daily grind and leave the hassle behind ---
for a while, anyway.

Here are 10 ways you can relieve some of that stress. Take your pick from the
luxuriously pricey to the stress-lessly affordable. Pamper yourself to the max:
A short drive north of Atlanta, the Spa at Chateau Elan offers myriad day
packages. Here you can set aside your cares while reveling in skin and body
treatments such as anti-stress facials and wraps, hydrotherapy baths and hot
stone massages. Relax for a spa lunch while wrapped in your comfy robe, then
take in a pedicure, get a paraffin hand dip and make time for afternoon tea. If
you plan to have someone drive you to Chateau Elan, don't leave without taking
the winery tour and tasting. Day packages cost $190 to $410. Chateau Elan, Haven
Harbour Drive, Braselton. 678-425-6064 or 800-233-9463. www.chateauelan.com.
Stretch away stress: Consider taking yoga classes. Yoga is a great way to reduce
stress while building strength and flexibility. Yoga, which comes from a
Sanskrit word meaning union or join, it was developed in India thousands of
years ago and, according to yogis, true happiness, liberation and enlightenment
come from union with the divine consciousness or the transcendent self. Yoga is
a way to reach that goal. It's also a good way to improve muscle tone and
stamina and to control anxiety. Options for classes include Atlanta Yoga, 660
Ninth St. N.W. 404-892-7797, www.atlantayoga.com, and the Yoga Institute of
Atlanta, 743 Virginia Ave. 404-873-4948, www.atlanta-midtown.com/yogainstitute.
Beginning and intermediate classes are available. Cook to chill: If you've
always wanted to make a perfect loaf of bread or discover the secrets of
handmade pasta, tackle a cooking class. There are several to choose from in the
Atlanta area. At Cook's Warehouse in Midtown, top local chefs teach two to three
sessions a week. At Emory University, the popular Evening at Emory program
offers classes ranging from Thai cooking techniques to a primer on wine. The
Kroger School of Cooking (above) dishes up cooking tips as well as party
planning. Most of these one-session classes are $35 to $55. Cook's Warehouse,
404-815-4993; Emory Center for Lifelong Learning, 404-727-6000; Kroger School of
Cooking, 770- 740-2068. Learn to dance: Take up the tango, finagle the foxtrot's
fancy footwork or maybe just go for the mambo. The Atlanta area has plenty of
places where you can learn to cha-cha or swing the night away. Prices vary, but
an hourlong group class costs about $10. Schools include Atlanta Dance World,
770-908-1916; Atlanta Ballroom Dance Centre, 404-847-0821. Laugh: It's hard to
feel stressed when you're bent over with laughter. Check out local comedy clubs,
and chuckle those cares away. Shows at the Punchline (below) start at $10. 280
Hilderbrand Drive N.E., Sandy Springs. 404-252-5233, www.punchline.com Learn to
paint Japanese style: Study beginning and intermediate techniques for Japanese
style brush painting with black sumi ink. It's easier than it looks. Saturday
classes Nov. 3, 10 and 17. Three classes for $45; beginners' supplies an
additional $35. Ichiyo Art Center, 432 E. Paces Ferry Road N.E. 404-233-1846.
Learn to quilt: For some, the precision and monotony of piecing and quilting a
work of art can be soothing. Several places in the Atlanta area will teach you
the art. Check out Sew et al Inc., 770-642-9005. Typical prices are $50 for
three two-hour classes; supplies are extra. At Atlanta Sewing Center, 2 1/2-hour
classes start at about $21. 770-457-4777. Aromatherapy at home: Even if you're
pressed for time, you can spend an hour or so relaxing. Find a quiet space in
your home and indulge in the restorative and therapeutic effects of
aromatherapy. Pure essential oils can be poured into a tub of warm water or
added to a heat diffuser, allowing the fragrance to soothe your signs of
negativity. Essential oils are available at Natural Body Day Spa, 404-872-1035;
Phoenix and Dragon bookstore, 404-255-5207. Read a book: Novel or self-help, you
know all about the joys of reading --- but may not have allowed time for it
lately. Consider "Organizing the Good Life, a Path to Joyful Simplicity Home to
Work and Back" by Celia Rocks (FOD Press, $12.95). Listen to music: Treat
yourself to a CD you've wanted but haven't had time to get. Find a quiet place
--- whether it's in your car while driving in the country or in the solitude of
your own room --- and relax. It's OK. You can even sing along if you like.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Madonna and Antonio Banderas dance in "Evita." / DAVID APPLEBY / Cinergi
Productions Photo:
Laughing audience at the Punchline Photo:
Participants in a Kroger cooking class / WILLIAM BERRY / Staff Photo:
Selection of aromatic oil, candles and incense / PARKER C. SMITH / Special
Photo:
Atlanta yoga practitioner Tommy Moss. / SUNNY SUNG / Special Photo:
Handmade quilt / PARKER C. SMITH / Special Photo:
Chateau Elan in Braselton

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 25, 2001, Tuesday

NEW 'PHILLY' IS A DILLY

BYLINE: By ERIC MINK DAILY NEWS TV CRITIC

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 101

LENGTH: 362 words

3 STARSPHILLY.  Tonight, 10 o'clock, ABCPrime time needs another lawyer/justice
show about as much as viewers crave more commercials.

All the more surprising, then, that "Philly" breathes life into the genre with
vivid characters brought to life through understated performances by a winning
cast.

Kim Delaney, late of "NYPD Blue," stars as Kathleen Maguire, a middle-aged
divorcee who recently began practicing criminal law with a tiny firm in
Philadelphia.

Forced by economic necessity to represent just about anybody, Maguire scrounges
up an unsavory assortment of mostly small-time crooks.

Single mom Maguire spends her days in constant motion, churning clients through
the system and tending to her 10-year-old, Patrick (Scotty Leavenworth). A
bright kid embittered by the divorce, Patrick has a knack for playing one parent
against another.

The "ex," Daniel Cavanaugh (Kyle Secor), is the district attorney, on the fast
track to higher office. He never misses a chance to make his former wife look
bad in their son's eyes.

In tonight's premiere:

* Maguire's law partner (guest star Joanna Cassidy) suffers an emotional
breakdown in court.

* A charming, opportunistic young lawyer - Will Froman, played by the beguiling
Tom Everett Scott - uses the crisis to finagle his way into a partnership with
Maguire.

* Maguire's sense of propriety prompts a clash with a pompous, lecherous judge.

* An assistant district attorney (played by the underappreciated Rick Hoffman)
proves to be both a worthy adversary and a genuine friend.

The highlight of next week's better episode is a startlingly venomous scene
between Maguire and ex-husband Cavanaugh.

"Philly" was co-created by writer-producer Alison Cross and executive producer
Steven Bochco. Fans of his other shows - "NYPD Blue," "L.A. Law" - will find the
pacing and structure of this one familiar.

What distinguishes "Philly," though, is Delaney's ability to make Maguire's
toughness and vulnerability equally credible. With the exception of her stunning
performances in the death-of-Bobby-

Simone episodes, she never got the chance to show this much range on "NYPD
Blue."

E-mail: eminktv@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'PHILLY' LAWYER: Kim Delaney

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                May 28, 2004 Friday Five Star Late Lift Edition

TRITE TALE OF INSTA-FAMILY RAISES BAR OF PREDICTABILITY

BYLINE: Joe Williams/ Post-Dispatch Film Critic

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 568 words


"Raising Helen" is one of the 10 worst movies I've ever seen. It's not an
amateur effort -- it was directed by veteran Garry Marshall ("Runaway Bride")
and stars second-generation ingenue Kate Hudson -- but it's so convinced of its
innate charm that it doesn't deign to earn our interest.

Hudson is a purely cardboard image of a girl-on-the-go as Helen Harris, an
executive at a Manhattan modeling agency. By day she baby-sits supermodels for
diva boss Helen Mirren. By night she parties.

But Helen can also schedule time for her extended family in New Jersey. When she
shows up late for the birthday bash of sister Lindsay (Felicity Huffman), cool
Aunt Helen is forgiven by her adoring nieces and nephews. Only potpourri-packing
middle sister Jenny (Joan Cusack) declines the offer to dance to the Devo tune
that binds the family together in one-note eccentricity.

That one note turns sour a few days later when Lindsay dies in a car accident.
Not only does the news ruin Helen's power lunch, but she is stuck with the check
-- custody of teen Audrey (Hayden Panettiere), troubled Henry (Spencer Breslin)
and tot Sarah (Abigail Breslin). Jenny, the matriarchal biddy, is aghast at the
bad judgment in Lindsay's will, but Helen accepts the responsibility like an
ugly scarf that she'll get around to returning sooner or later.

Soon it becomes apparent that Helen's Manhattan studio is not big enough for the
four of them. Although she declares, "We're not bridge-and-tunnel people," she
finds herself moving with the kids to a fixer-upper in Queens.

Because the public schools are so, well, colorful, Helen finagles the kids'
admission to a private Lutheran school run by hip, handsome Pastor Dan (John
Corbett). But any references to religiosity in this movie are purely incidental,
a pretext for establishing an odd-couple courtship that never passes the
believability test.

Even less believable is Helen's reaction to crises such as little Sarah's
inability to tie her shoes (Helen rushes to the school from a business meeting)
and boss Mirren's reaction to Helen's stress: She fires her star employee. (Yes,
it's virtually the same story line as "Jersey Girl," but without the puny
innovation of gender reversal.)

"Raising Helen" is the laziest of chick flicks, the kind in which everybody else
in the movie exists either to place obstacles in the heroine's path to
have-it-all happiness or to give her a thumbs-up and proclaim, "You go, girl!"

If Hudson's insufferable bubbliness weren't clue enough that she's channeling
Julia Roberts, we get Hector Elizondo reprising his "Pretty Woman" persona as a
fussbudget who gives Helen a break, hiring her to work at his used-car lot. But
even after the cars start flying off the lot, Helen is beset by catastrophes --
such as the death of Henry's turtle, which is treated with more solemnity than
the death of her sister.

Audrey's prom date and subsequent hotel rendezvous with a lascivious DJ is the
turning point in this turgid tale, forcing an emotional showdown between the
surviving sisters. When we finally learn how Lindsay's decision to award custody
to Helen relates to the Devo motif, we want to grab this phony fable, which is
an insult to every working mother on the planet, and whip it good.

= = = =

"Raising Helen"

* (out of four)

Rating: PG-13 (for thematic material involving teens)

Running time: 1:59

Opens: today

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: FILM REVIEW/ Critic Joe Williams/ E-mail: joewilliams@post-dispatch.com/
Phone: 314-340-8344

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Color Photo by TOUCHSTONE - Helen Harris (Kate Hudson) gets
custody of her niece Audrey (Hayden Panettiere) and two other children after
Helen's sister dies in a car accident./ (2) Color Photo by RON BATZDORFF /
TOUCHSTONE - Helen (Kate Hudson) falls for Pastor Dan (John Corbett) in the
romantic comedy "Raising Helen."

TYPE: REVIEW - FILM/"RAISING HELEN"

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Suspense lurks beneath quirks

BYLINE: Celia Wren

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 708 words


Martin McDonagh's "The Cripple of Inishmaan" is a fry-up of eccentric
characters. There's the chronic busybody JohnnyPateenMike, who barters food for
gossip. There's the bizarrely aggressive young woman Helen, who loves to break
the eggs she gets paid to deliver. And there's Helen's dimwitted brother,
Bartley, who is obsessed with telescopes.

Given all this zaniness, it's a sign of the maturity and steadiness of director
Steven Carpenter's production for 1st Stage that some of the most effective
moments of the play involve the less-outlandish characters. Providing an even
guide rail for this brisk and generally diverting version of the play, for
instance, are the regular appearances by Eileen and Kate (Carol Randolph and
Susan Holliday), two shopkeeper sisters who are so un-flighty that their shelves
contain a perpetual surfeit of canned peas. Often seen fretting quietly at their
grocery counter or listening to the rantings of JohnnyPateenMike and the others,
these stoical, shawl-draped figures go some ways toward making the isolated
island of Inishmaan - off Ireland's west coast - an absorbing reality.

Okay: The aunts aren't entirely quirk-free. Kate talks to rocks when she gets
upset. But don't we all have idiosyncrasies? Certainly the play's pathos-tinged
title character, Billy, who endures the slights that are regularly lobbed his
way because of his physical handicaps, finds release in staring at cows.

In Carpenter's staging, Josh Adams plays Billy with admirable understatement, if
perhaps a touch too much opacity. This young man is an endearingly determined,
quietly despairing underdog, so it's not hard to take an interest when events in
the neighborhood hold out hopes of improving his fortunes. As JohnnyPateenMike
breathlessly announces, an American director is filming a movie on a nearby
island, and locals who talk their way onto the set might be able to finagle a
future in Hollywood. (The plot twist is based on the filming of Robert
Flaherty's 1934 "Man of Aran.") Will Billy gain a foothold in Tinseltown? If so,
how many acts of betrayal will eddy in his wake? And what, exactly, does
JohnnyPateenMike know about the drownings, years ago, of Billy's parents?

These and other questions feed the suspense of "The Cripple of Inishmaan," which
is stocked with McDonagh's trademark narrative shockers and pin-in-the-balloon
jabs at facile romantic visions of Ireland. (A production starring Daniel
Radcliffe, of "Harry Potter" fame, opens on Broadway this month,
coincidentally.) In the 1st Stage version, set designer JD Madsen hits the right
notes of claustrophobic bleakness with spartan interiors and a stretch of rocky
beach, all locked onto a spinning turntable. Also helping evoke the environment
are the very creditable Irish accents: Hats off to vocal coach Jane Margulies
Kalbfeld and the cast for this achievement.

On a less-positive note: Carpenter has not quite managed to tune all the
performances to a consistent level of realism. The broad comedy of Robert
Grimm's Bartley doesn't really blend with the more subtle, naturalistic
portraits, such as Adams's Billy. Megan Graves's high-spirited Helen,  though
hilarious and riveting,  also comes across as a tad larger-than-life, when
compared with other turns. These variegations in approach to characterization
make the production's evocation of Inishmaan less persuasive than it might
otherwise be.

Supporting performances that do harmonize comfortably with the prevailing key
include John Stange's brooding version of the boatman Babbybobby and Matt
Dewberry's compassionate but exasperated Dr. McSharry. And in the larger role of
JohnnyPateenMike, Mark Lee Adams conjures up a figure whose zaniness seems
plausible and grounded - you can believe this oddball makes a living with his
blend of news and wind-swept hearsay.

style@washpost.com

Wren is a freelance writer.

The Cripple of Inishmaan

by Martin McDonagh. Directed by Steven Carpenter; sound design, Neil McFadden;
lighting, Brian Allard; props, Cindy Jacobs; costumes, Cheryl Patton Wu;
assistant director, Ryan Tumulty. With Rebecca Lenehan. About two hours.
Tickets: $15-$27. Through April 20 at 1st Stage, 1524 Spring Hill Rd., Tysons
Corner,Va.

Visit www.1ststagetysons.org

or call 703-854-1856.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Sydney MX (Australia)

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                1 - SYD Edition

mX Flicks

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 482 words


CHARLIE WILSON'S WAR (M)

Tom Hanks, Philip Seymour Hoffman and (a miscast) Julia Roberts star in this
political satire based on the bestseller by former 60 Minutes producer George
Crile. Faithfully adapted for the screen by foreign-policy supremo Aaron Sorkin
(The West Wing), veteran director Mike Nichols (Closer) tells the story of an
idealistic Texas congressman who went against the grain in the early'80s. While
"unwinding" one evening, the rather wicked Wilson (played with customary aplomb
by Hanks) is stirred by news of Afghan rebels fighting the invading Soviets.
Conspiring with a powerbroking right-winger (Roberts) and a rogue CIA operative
(Hoffman), Wilson devises a covert campaign to finagle US financial support for
the Afghan mujahidin.

Consequently, the trio's wheeling and dealing would help dissolve the Cold War
and leave the Soviet Union in tatters.

Armed with wit, style, engaging political banter and a firing-on-all-cylinders
Hoffman, this is sure to satisfy.

SWEENEY TODD: THE DEMON BARBER OF FLEET STREET (MA15+)

Johnny Depp and director Tim Burton continue their illustrious partnership in a
wickedly gothic treatment of Stephen Sondheim's bloodspattered musical. Depp
plays the all-singing, throat-slitting London bladesman and Helena Bonham Carter
his enterprising partner in crime, in a lavish, spellbinding study of terror.

27 DRESSES (PG)

Knocked Up star Katherine Heigl chalks up another winner as Jane, whose
desperate to shake her "always the bridesmaid" reputation. Written for the
screen by Aline Brosh McKenna (The Devil Wears Prada), it co-stars Edward Burns
and James Marsden and features the best use of an Elton John song since Almost
Famous. Ignore the ordinary trailer and try it on for size.

JUNO (M)

Red-hot Ellen Page shines as 16-year-old Juno, who enlists her best friend
(Superbad's Michael Cera) to become her first sexual partner, without fully
contemplating the outcome.

Already sitting just outside the Internet Movie Database's top 100, this is the
first true little bundle of cinematic joy for 2008, and we have director Jason
Reitman (Thank You for Smoking) to thank for it.

I'M NOT THERE (M)

Director Todd Haynes (Far from Heaven) takes us on an extraordinary journey
through Bob Dylan's life, in one the most interesting films of late. While most
biographical films provide a centrepiece role for an ambitious actor, Haynes
casts six different actors: Cate Blanchett, Ben Whishaw, Christian Bale, Richard
Gere, Marcus Carl Franklin and Heath Ledger to portray Dylan's various guises.

WALK HARD: THE DEWEY COX STORY (MA15+)

One of Hollywood's hardestworking supporting actors steps up as frontman in this
trippy, mickey-taking jam conceived by Jake Kasdan (Orange Country) and Judd
Apatow (Knocked Up). The lovable John C. Reilly (Talladega Nights) plays the
chameleonic recording star who soaks up the excesses of five decades in the
music biz.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MXS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 06, 2001, Wednesday

Commissioner works to save lighting plan

BYLINE: JEFFREY S. SOLOCHEK

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



County Commissioner Chris Kingsley was stunned.

In recent months, his colleagues had approved ordinances to restrict roadside
sales and to force the removal of Brazilian pepper trees. Yet when it came time
Tuesday to forward one of his pet ideas, the regulation of new outdoor lighting,
the commission chairman couldn't even get a second to his motion to have a final
public hearing.

"I find it almost bizarre that we wouldn't regulate lighting coming from service
stations, but we would tell people they can't put a shed into their back yard,"
Kingsley remarked as the commission broke for lunch.

When commissioners returned, however, Kingsley thought he had found a loophole.

Because no one supported his motion, he said, the commission had taken no
action. Closure, Kingsley reasoned, was critical.

So he asked for consensus to have  the second public hearing on June 19, as had
been advertised.

Commissioner Nancy Robinson became irate.

The public hearing was over, she argued, and the commission had decided by its
inaction that the ordinance was dead.

"I left the meeting with the impression the motion died and would not move
forward. There was no indication we would break for lunch and return to it,"
Robinson said, suggesting that Kingsley was trying to finagle the idea through
the back door.

Kingsley offered to let Robinson make a motion to not have a second hearing, but
she wouldn't bite. The commissioners had split 2-2 on earlier motions on the
lighting issue. With Commissioner Diane Rowden absent, neither side would get a
majority.

After some back and forth, Kingsley eventually said that he would bypass the
split board and allow Rowden to decide the issue. Robinson protested to no
avail.

Rowden, in Arizona tending to family business, laughed when she heard the turn
of events.

"I'm overwhelmed that I'm given such a responsibility," Rowden said. "I think I
need to talk to the administrator and get the lowdown before I make any
comment."


LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      MX Brisbane (Queensland, Australia)

                           February 12, 2008 Tuesday
                                1 - BRIS Edition

mX Flicks

SECTION: MX; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 164 words


CHARLIE WILSON'S WAR (M)

Tom Hanks, Philip Seymour Hoffman and (a miscast) Julia Roberts star in this
political satire based on the bestseller by former 60 Minutes producer George
Crile. Faithfully adapted for the screen by foreign-policy supremo Aaron Sorkin
(The West Wing), veteran director Mike Nichols (Closer) tells the story of an
idealistic Texas congressman who went against the grain in the early'80s. While
"unwinding" one evening, the rather wicked Wilson (played with customary aplomb
by Hanks) is stirred by news of Afghan rebels fighting the invading Soviets.
Conspiring with a powerbroking right-winger (Roberts) and a rogue CIA operative
(Hoffman), Wilson devises a covert campaign to finagle US financial support for
the Afghan mujahidin.

Consequently, the trio's wheeling and dealing would help dissolve the Cold War
and leave the Soviet Union in tatters.

Armed with wit, style, engaging political banter and a firing-on-all-cylinders
Hoffman, this is sure to satisfy.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MXB


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      MX Brisbane (Queensland, Australia)

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                1 - BRIS Edition

mX Flicks

SECTION: MX; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 164 words


CHARLIE WILSON'S WAR (M)

Tom Hanks, Philip Seymour Hoffman and (a miscast) Julia Roberts star in this
political satire based on the bestseller by former 60 Minutes producer George
Crile. Faithfully adapted for the screen by foreign-policy supremo Aaron Sorkin
(The West Wing), veteran director Mike Nichols (Closer) tells the story of an
idealistic Texas congressman who went against the grain in the early'80s. While
"unwinding" one evening, the rather wicked Wilson (played with customary aplomb
by Hanks) is stirred by news of Afghan rebels fighting the invading Soviets.
Conspiring with a powerbroking right-winger (Roberts) and a rogue CIA operative
(Hoffman), Wilson devises a covert campaign to finagle US financial support for
the Afghan mujahidin.

Consequently, the trio's wheeling and dealing would help dissolve the Cold War
and leave the Soviet Union in tatters.

Armed with wit, style, engaging political banter and a firing-on-all-cylinders
Hoffman, this is sure to satisfy.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MXB


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 19, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Just for parents

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


It's back-to-school time. Here's some stuff that will make the transition easier
for parents and kids.

FAMILY ORGANIZER

Keeping track of practices, music lessons and school activities - not to mention
who's got a test when - is a scheduling nightmare.

Until now. Enter the "BusyBodyBook: A Family Organizer"  (About Your Time,
$19.95). Created by Joan Goldner, a business executive and mom, who came up with
a simple grid system spiral-bound organizer that allows you to organize up to
five individual weekly schedules on just one page.

Or, go ahead and give it to your student to use as a planner. Each grid can be a
separate subject or activity.

WALL CALENDAR

Need something bigger than a book? Try Thinkbin Family Calendars, ($14.95 and
$11.95), which hang on the wall. The calendars give you the entire month at a
glance and divide between times of day, making it easy for everyone to know
what's coming up when. Calendars come in two sizes -17x24 inches and 11.5x18
inches. Available at www.thinkbin.com or by calling (800) 942-7715.

MARK MY TIME

Nightly reading is usually an academic requirement of elementary schoolers. And
let's face it, some kids balk, whine and finagle to make the clock go faster.

Now they -and you - can keep track with the Mark-My-Time digital bookmark
($8.95).

Recently named "Best New product" by BookExpo America, the bookmarks come in
bright colors (lime, plum and turquoise) and have electronic functions that
accurately help track daily reading times.

The slim bookmark fits neatly between pages of a book. The top is a digital
clock powered by an inexpensive, replaceable watch battery. Parents can choose
to set a countdown timer with alarm that alerts readers when they have fulfilled
their required reading time - or use the cumulative timer, which tracks total
reading time for the day.

Mark-My-Time bookmarks are sold at bookstores, discount drug chains and
wholesale clubs.

LIFE LESSONS FROM TEACHING

Remember third grade?

Phillip Done, winner of the Schwab Foundation Distinguished Teacher Award, and a
third-grade teacher, takes us back in time through laughs, grins and some
sentimental journeys in his delightful book "32 Third-Graders and One Class
Bunny: Life Lessons from Teaching" (Simon & Schuster, $19.95 hardcover).

It's a perfect read for any parent of a student - especially a third-grader.
It's also a good book for anyone who ever went to third grade.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 3 color photos of organizer, bookmarks and book

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 22, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

ANN LANDERS

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C09; ANN LANDERS

LENGTH: 581 words


Dear Ann:

I am a 15-year-old sophomore girl. I make decent grades and am a normal teenager
in every way. At the beginning of the school year, I hit it off with a girl who
had just moved to our town over the summer. "Lottie" and I have the same taste
in music and movies, and we like to hang out at the mall after school. We've
become great friends in just a few months, and last weekend, Lottie invited me
to sleep over at her house.

Everything was great until it came time for bed. Lottie's bedroom has a double
bed, which we were supposed to share. That would have been okay, except she
stripped completely naked before she got into bed.

Ann, I have no objection to sleeping in the nude, but this was in the winter,
and it was plenty cold outside. I asked Lottie if she wouldn't be warmer in
pajamas. She replied that she was more comfortable sleeping nude and her
electric blanket would keep her toasty warm. I reluctantly got into bed but kept
wondering if Lottie was trying to seduce me. Her electric blanket was turned on
so high that I was tempted to take off my flannel nightshirt. I decided not to,
thinking maybe that was what she wanted me to do. Lottie made no other moves on
me, but I barely slept all night.

What should I do? I don't want to accuse her of being a lesbian, but I can't
stop wondering if she is interested in me sexually. Lottie is the best friend I
ever had, and I would hate to lose her over this. Please tell me what to do.

Befuddled in Northern California

Trust your instincts. Lottie may be perfectly straight, but I wouldn't bet the
rent. If you want to continue the friendship, okay, but do not accept any more
invitations to sleep at her place, and don't let her finagle an invitation to
stay at yours.

Dear Ann:

My 32-year-old daughter is getting married for the second time. My daughter and
I have a good relationship, but my ex-wife and I barely speak. She and my
daughter made all the wedding preparations and paid for the whole thing without
any assistance from me. I received a wedding invitation, but it excluded my
fiancee, "Greta."

Greta and I have been together for the last six years. During this time, my
daughter has visited us often and always seemed comfortable with the
relationship. Greta is very hurt and angry that she was not invited to the
wedding. She asked me to speak to my daughter about the "oversight," and said
that if no invitation was forthcoming, I should not go to the wedding, either.

I spoke to my daughter, who told me it was the expressed desire of her mother,
my ex-wife, not to invite Greta. My daughter receives a lot of financial help
from her mother and is obviously reluctant to go against her wishes.

What should I do? If I attend the wedding alone, Greta will think I let her
down. If I don't go at all, my daughter will assume I favor my fiancee over her
and will be crushed. Any suggestions would be appreciated.

Dad in Bonita, Calif.

Greta should have been invited to the wedding, since she has been your
significant other for six years. She was not invited, however, which means she
is not welcome. It would be classy of Greta to say, "Go, have a good time, and
bring me a piece of wedding cake." If she does not choose to be gracious, go
anyway. This is your daughter's day, and her wish to have you there takes
precedence.

(C)1999, Creators Syndicate Inc.

Gem of the Day: The real test of class is how you treat people who cannot
possibly do you any good.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 20, 2004 Tuesday

Pats, Panthers put team before egos; No-name teams' execution carries them to
Houston

BYLINE: STEVE WILSTEIN

SECTION: Other; Pg. b2

LENGTH: 796 words


Even ardent football fans would have trouble naming more than five players
between the two Super Bowl teams.

Which makes several points about the New England Patriots and the Carolina
Panthers, as well as about the NFL and America's biggest day for drinking beer
and munching chips.

First, superstars are overrated when it comes to winning. Teamwork and coaching
matter more.

Look up and down the rosters of the Patriots and Panthers and there is not a
player about whom anyone would say with any certainty: He is a future Hall of
Famer.

Each team has plenty of talent. Some players, like Patriots quarterback Tom
Brady and cornerback Ty Law and Panthers' defensive linemen Julius Peppers and
Kris Jenkins, already are among the best in the league and may develop into some
of the game's greats.

What these teams lack in luminaries at the moment, they make up for in harmony
and execution. They are brilliantly coached, gritty enough to win close games,
and careful not to make a lot of dumb mistakes.

Indianapolis had co-MVP Peyton Manning and Philadelphia had Donovan McNabb, but
in the conference championship games Sunday both star quarterbacks were
neutralized by rugged defenses and the stone hands of their receivers.

The Patriots and Panthers performed as finely meshed teams, without a lot of
clashing egos. In that sense, they have something in common with the winners of
the World Series the past two years, the unheralded Florida Marlins and Anaheim
Angels, who toppled star-studded teams and won over a lot of fans on the way to
the championship.

Second, the NFL has changed after more than a decade of salary caps and free
agency. It took a while for most teams to figure out how to finagle contracts to
stay under the cap, but by the end of the 1990s the changes were producing an
endless game of musical chairs, with players going from one city to another.

A few legitimate superstars might sign long-term contracts and stay put, but
hardly any team could build consistently on its success and develop a core that
would gain national attention.

No longer would there be mini-dynasties, as there were with the Dallas Cowboys,
the San Francisco 49ers and the Washington Redskins in the '80s and '90s, or
with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Miami Dolphins in the '70s. Those teams had
players of national renown and defensive or offensive lines with their own
nicknames. They stayed together long enough to build an identity.

Going beyond parity, the NFL succeeded in creating a league where anonymity
trumped stardom. Truly, nobody was bigger than the game.

It's a testament to the coaching savvy of Bill Belichick that, in this era of
rotating players, he has taken the Patriots to the Super Bowl twice in three
years. If ever there was evidence that a head coach can be more important than a
player, the Patriots proved it after acquiring Belichick four years ago with a
compensation package to the New York Jets that included a first-round draft
pick.

The flip side of the fall of dominating teams in recent years was the rise of
the most ragged losers. Even the lowly Cincinnati Bengals nearly made the
playoffs. The new laws of the NFL jungle made it possible for a team like the
Panthers, 1-15 two years ago, to make one of the quickest turnarounds in sports
history under the guidance of coach John Fox.

Third, the absence of stars on the Patriots and Panthers hardly matters - either
to the teams or the fans. What might seem on the surface a TV ratings disaster
in the Super Bowl may not turn out so bad after all if the game is close, as it
figures to be.

"America doesn't want us, but it's going to be a game," Carolina defensive
tackle Brentson Buckner said Monday. "Because right now in the NFC, we're the
best thing going."

They are exactly that, and America will settle for whoever shows up Feb. 1 in
Houston.

Super Bowl Sunday is America's unofficial holiday, as much a part of the
nation's culture as Thanksgiving Day and the Fourth of July. No matter who is in
the game, millions of families will gather round their TV sets or join friends
and relatives for the annual feast of football. The parties will go on even if
the game is a stinker and little more than background noise.

If the ratings for the playoff games the past couple of weeks are any
indication, the NFL is on a roll. New England's 24-14 victory over Indianapolis
on Sunday got the highest overnight rating of any TV program - sports or not -
since last year's Super Bowl. The NFC championship game between Carolina and
Philadelphia wasn't far behind.

The Super Bowl, like the two teams playing in it, has eclipsed the stars.

Steve Wilstein is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to
him at swilstein@ap.org


LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              July 26, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

CUBS CHATTER: Richie Zisk

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 755  words


Richie Zisk is the longtime hitting coach for the Daytona Cubs, but those who
were following baseball in the 1970s will remember him as one of the game's
biggest power threats. His 207 career homers still place him in the top 300 of
all time, even after the steroid era, and before knee problems slowed him down
he actually hit for a cycle. A two-time All-Star and the 1981 AL Comeback Player
of the Year, Zisk was once traded for Hall-of-Famer Goose Gossage. These days,
his athletic prowess stands tall on the golf course.

So how is the golf game?

The golf game has been OK. I haven't played as much as I want to, but with Matt
Matulia coaching this year, he's been my golf partner."

Are you taking his money?

Yeah, I'm on the plus side so far. He's trying to take the game seriously and
I've been able to help him out with some of the nuances that are involved. He's
been bitten by the golf bug."

Earlier this season, Dave Trembley lost his job as manager of the Baltimore
Orioles. You coached with Dave here when he managed the Cubs. What are your
thoughts about the situation?

I don't feel sorry for Dave Trembley. I worked with Dave for several years here
in Daytona and he wanted to manage in the big leagues, and his dream came true.
He got to do something that he actually loved. Not too many people can say they
had a job that they went to each morning and they were real happy with what they
were doing. So I'm glad that Dave got an opportunity."

Yankees owner George Steinbrenner recently died. Do you have any stories about
him from your playing days?

Just the one that about after the third players' strike, going back to New York,
which is where I'm from, I used to leave a lot of tickets for games to a lot of
relatives. Then after the third players' strike, if I wasn't able to finagle
tickets away from the coaches, like if I needed 24 and was able to cover 10 or
12 through the coaches, (Steinbrenner) made me start paying for the extra ones.
So, you take it any way you want to, but that's what he did."

Is there anything that you've noticed different about the caliber of players in
the league this year?

I always thought that the big gap was between here and Double-A. I'm starting to
find out, having talked to other coaches and other managers, that the gap
between the Midwest League and here is a lot larger than we'd like to think.
Some of our hitters have struggled early and they're starting to come around a
little bit. But apparently the jump from the Midwest League to here is bigger
than I thought.

Basically what it boils down to is location and predictability. In the Midwest
League, when it's 3-2 (the pitcher's) going to try to throw a strike with a
fastball. Here, they throw off-speed behind in the count. They're not as
predictable. Until the hitters get accustomed to that, it's different. . . .
With young hitters, sometimes they expand their strike zone. Sometimes their
timing isn't correct with their mechanics. You put those two things together
along with starting to see off-speed pitches when they're behind in the count,
it takes some adjusting.

As a barometer, I'm not real concerned with how they start, but by the back-end
report, the second report, if they have caught up to the league, then I'm
happy."

I saw catcher Mark Reed was on the mound in the bullpen working on a
knuckleball? Is he a secret weapon?

Well, we've had to use Matulia on the mound, which is unfortunate. I was
watching Mark throwing the knuckleball and I'm going to bring it up to (manager)
Buddy (Bailey) because it's a distinct possibility. The problem is finding
somebody to catch it. It's the old Bob Uecker line: How do you catch a
knuckleball? You wait until it stops rolling and you pick it up."

Player-coach Matt Matulia is having success on the mound. He's getting outs with
a 70-mph fastball.

(Radio announcer) Christian (Bruey) did some digging and said that it brought
Matt's career ERA under 7. He had given up some runs in Triple-A. But (using a
position player or player coach to pitch) is something we don't like to see.
Unfortunately it happens, not only to our club, but with a lot of clubs. When
you come out of spring training you always have too much pitching and when you
get halfway through the season there's not enough pitching.

Is manager Buddy Bailey still working on his audition for Deadliest Catch?

We haven't seen the crab trap in the water for a couple of days, but his first
try at it he got five crabs. He boiled them up and made a crab salad which was
very good. We all ate it."-- Sean Kernan

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Hitting coach Richie Zisk watches a game at Jackie Robinson
Ballpark in Daytona Beach. News-Journal/ SEAN MCNEIL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2010 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2010 News-Journal Corporation


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

"The Lifespan of a Fact" by John D'Agata and Jim Fingal

BYLINE: Justin Moyer

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 366 words

Journalism

THE LIFESPAN OF A FACT

By John D'Agata and Jim Fingal

Norton. 123 pp. Paperback, $17.95

Reporters and fact checkers disagree about the accuracy of articles every day.
Seldom, however, do the disputes last beyond deadline - and very few last seven
years.

Such was the case with John D'Agataand Jim Fingal. In 2003, D'Agata penned a
piece for the Believerabout a young man's suicide in Las Vegas. When Fingal,
then an intern at the magazine, was assigned to fact check, he found that
D'Agata had fudged a number of details - from how many teenagers kill themselves
in Nevada each year to how long it would take for a body to fall from the top of
the Stratosphere casino. D'Agata objected to most changes, and an epic argument
began that lasted until the piece was published in 2010. "The Lifespan of a
Fact" offers D'Agata's work alongside his and Fingal's heated discussion of what
truth is and when it matters.

"This is an essay, so journalistic rules don't belong here," writes D'Agata, who
says he altered numbers and names for "rhythm" or to appeal to "readers who care
about interesting sentences and the metaphorical effect that the accumulation of
those sentences achieve." He concludes: "It shouldn't need a fact-checker."

Fingal replies: "I applaud anyone's search for The Truth, The Artistic Truth, or
any other kind of Truth that you can finagle this argument to be about, but when
you change the factual qualities of a thing to suit your own artistic interests,
you're creating something that never existed."

Debates about truth in nonfiction are older than the cases of James Freyand
Stephen Glass: Edmund Morris invented a character (himself) in his Ronald Reagan
biography, "Dutch," and Truman Capote concocted a comforting last scene for "In
Cold Blood." D'Agata and Fingal contribute to the discussion with the format of
their book, in which they argue their positions in alternating typefaces.
Although D'Agata's essay can get lost amid the commentary, it's fascinating (at
least for anyone who works in a newsroom) to watch a fraught back-and-forth
about the number of strip clubs in Las Vegas evolve into a treatise about the
nature of reality.

- Justin Moyer

moyerj@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 23, 2010 Friday

Pin seeker really in it for the hugs;

BYLINE: MARGARET REIST

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 373 words


Somewhere halfway into Thursday morning, Matt Shaw scored New Mexico. This was
big. He wanted New Mexico.Badly. "I lived there 12 years," he said. And so a New
Mexico pin joined all the others attached to his Special Olympics volunteer
lanyard, making the ever-present appendage around his neck just that much
heavier.

In addition to coordinating all the food at the track, bocce field and airlifts,
Shaw is a wheeler and a dealer.

He deals in state pins. He trades them, he barters them, he amasses a network of
volunteers to work the crowd.

"We're pimping for pins," he said.

He admits he's shameless when it comes to pin collecting, a big deal in the
world of Special Olympics.

"I have been known to barter a Mountain Dew or two."

OK, so that was with a couple of athletes who looked thirsty anyway and were
looking to give away some pins.

But it didn't take Shaw long to fill up one lanyard Thursday and start on
another one.

He figured at some point in the week he had pins from nearly all 48
participating states.

Here's the other thing about Shaw: He has a weakness for athletes and kids who
look at him with big eyes and a dire need for a pin.

So he's given up a few here and there, including some fairly coveted pins.

He doesn't have Georgia yet. Or Alaska or Texas.

He's not so worried, although he did try to finagle a Georgia from Ross Rastede,
a fellow volunteer from Allen who found the New Mexico pin for him.

Rastede was having none of it. A few things cannot be bartered and go beyond
loyalty. The Georgia pin is one of them.

But Shaw is a logistics man.

That's what he does for a living, with Reliant Transportation in Lincoln.

That's what he's doing at the Special Olympics National Games in Lincoln this
week: making sure all the athletes and volunteers get their lunches and stay
hydrated in the Nebraska heat.

And that expertise may pay off in the pin department.

Coordinating food for the games was a dream come true, he said. He started
volunteering for Special Olympics at the state and local levels when he was
going to school in Missouri. And he was hooked.

"This is probably the most rewarding thing I do," he said. "I do this for the
hugs."

The pins are just a bonus.

Reach Margaret Reist at 402-473-7226 or mreist@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 6, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Tax-Free Combinations

BYLINE: Albert B. Crenshaw

SECTION: Financial; F01 , CASH FLOW Albert B. Crenshaw

LENGTH: 1386 words


Got an expensive house you want to sell but don't want to pay a bunch of tax on
the profit? The Treasury Department has got a deal for you.

Resolving questions that have been circulating ever since Congress changed the
law in 1997, the department has concluded that homeowners can combine the
capital gains exclusion available on the sale of a principal residence with the
tax deferral available when an investment property is exchanged for another of
"like kind."

And, said Robert Schachat of the Washington office of accounting firm Ernst &
Young, it does so in a way that allows "the most beneficial combination" of the
two provisions.

The interpretation comes at a perfect moment for aging baby boomers living in
areas like Washington where home prices have gone off the top of the charts. It
could give new meaning to the term house-proud.

In essence, the Treasury has said that if a homeowner lives in a house (Property
A) long enough to meet the principal-residence requirements, he or she may then
rent it out for a year or two (presumably during a two-year sabbatical in
Tahiti), and then -- by jumping through certain hoops -- sell Property A, invoke
the principal-residence exclusion to keep the first $250,000 of profit tax-free
if single, $500,000 for a married couple, and plow any remaining profit into
another rental property, Property B, postponing tax on that part of the gain.

And though the Treasury stops at this point, accountants say it should be
possible for the original homeowner to move into Property B eventually, live
there for the required time, and then sell it, qualifying for yet another
homeowner exclusion.

"You have to be pretty disciplined, and flexible in your living accommodations,"
said Jeffrey Kelson of accountants BDO Seidman LLP in New York, but "this
thing's got a lot of potential."

Complying with all the rules isn't simple (such as figuring out how to finagle
that sabbatical in Tahiti, or at least find a place to live while you rent out
your homestead), but many homeowners may find the tax savings worth the
headache.

First, you have to meet the requirements of the principal-residence exclusion.
The main one is that you have to have lived in the house full time for at least
two of the five years immediately preceding its sale. And Congress added a new
requirement last fall: A home doesn't qualify for the exclusion if it has been
involved in a like-kind exchange within the previous five years. This comes into
play only if you want to sell the second property.

Then, you have to meet the requirements for a tax-free exchange, also known as a
Section 1031 exchange. Although these deals are referred to as exchanges,
outright swaps between two parties are rare. Instead, the owner sells an
investment property, but makes sure that all the cash in the deal goes not to
him but directly into an escrow account held by a third party, known as a
"qualified intermediary." Then the seller identifies a new property and closes
on it, with the qualified intermediary transferring the cash from the first sale
to pay for the new property.

Kelson noted there are strict deadlines in both the residence exclusion and 1031
exchanges, so you should take care to be sure you can meet them.

Now, with those rules in mind, imagine a couple who own an $850,000 house, which
they bought for $50,000 many years ago. They'd now like to sell it and move into
something smaller. By playing their cards right, they can exchange the house for
$500,000 in cash and a $350,000 condo -- without paying tax.

After having lived in the house for the requisite number of years, they move out
and rent the house to tenants.

After renting the house for two years, they sell it for $850,000. Their
"realized gain" is $800,000, which is the $850,000 sale price minus the $50,000
they originally paid for it (called their "basis").

They exclude $500,000 from tax as the tax code allows, because it had indeed
been their principal residence. They also buy a condo -- which they then rent
out -- using $350,000 from the house, which was, remember, a rental property at
the time of the sale, while being careful to comply with the rules of Section
1031. Those forbid them from ever having possession of the money that goes from
their house into the new rental property and limit the amount of time they have
to find and buy the new rental.

They now have $500,000 cash and the condo, in which their "basis" is the same
$50,000 that they had in their house. If, after a few years, they move into the
condo and live there for at least two years and until five years have elapsed
since they bought it -- three years of rental and two years of residence would
do it -- they can sell the condo and again exclude up to $500,000 of gain. At
that point they will have extracted their entire $800,000 profit from their
original house tax-free, along, possibly, with some appreciation in the condo.

If for some reason the couple wanted to take less cash on the first sale, they
could do so and apportion more to the condo, increasing its basis and
potentially reducing the later gain on it when sold.

Schachat also noted that if the couple wanted more of their money out of the
condo sooner, they could place a mortgage on it without waiting the five years
to sell.

And he said it would be possible to trade up to a more expensive property as
well as down to a less expensive one.

The Treasury guidance, known technically as Revenue Procedure 2005-14, also
specifies that combined residence-1031 deals are allowed for property that has
been part rental and part residence -- a townhouse with a basement rental unit,
for example. In such a case, the owner can apply the exclusion to the part he or
she lived in and the deferral to the basement, apportioning it based on the
square footage of each unit.

Of course, all this fancy footwork would be unnecessary for most people. That's
because the amount of potentially taxable gain on the sale of a residence is the
selling price minus the purchase price and the cost of any improvements. Unless
that gain exceeds $250,000 (single) or $500,000 (couple), the exclusion alone
will wipe out the tax. Many homeowners therefore won't need to bother with a
combined transaction.

Plus, there are also a number of pitfalls in the combined deals to watch out
for. For example, landlords normally take depreciation deductions on rental
property. However, any depreciation taken after May 6, 1997, does not qualify
for exclusion from tax on sale of a principal residence, though tax on it can be
deferred through a 1031 exchange.

Sellers who have rented their house only for a couple of years likely would face
only a modest amount of tax from the recapture of the depreciation. But suppose
you had a rental property, moved into it for two years to get the residence
exclusion and then put it back into rental before selling. You'd likely have
taken a lot of depreciation write-offs in the first rental period. You could
roll them into the new rental property without tax, but if you ultimately sold
that, you could face an unexpected tax bill.

And just as there are big tax savings from these deals if they are done right,
there are big potential hits if you mess up. So it's a good idea to consult with
an attorney or accountant who is up to speed on them.

Even the Treasury has trouble with all of this. Revenue Procedure 2005-14 was
originally published Jan. 27, but it omitted reference to the new five-year
waiting period after a 1031 exchange. An updated version was released last week
and will be published in Internal Revenue Bulletin 2005-7 on Feb. 14.

A California businessman who had refused to withhold and transfer to the
government income and Social Security taxes on his employees was convicted
Friday of 13 criminal tax charges, the Internal Revenue Service said.

Walter A. Thompson, 58, owner of Cencal Sales, an aviation flight bag
manufacturer, who removed his employees from taxpayer rolls in 2000 by no longer
withholding employment taxes from wages and salaries, was also convicted of
filing false tax returns and refund claims of his own, the IRS said. His actions
allegedly cost the government $256,000 in revenue. He faces a possible 63 years
in prison and fines of more than $3 million, the agency said. Sentencing is set
for April 13.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       June 9, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

MOVIES;
REVIEW;
"Congo" 1/2

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel; FILM EDITOR

SECTION: PREVIEW, Pg. 4P

LENGTH: 432 words


Starring Laura Linney and Ernie Hudson. Directed by Frank Marshall. Rated PG-13
for violence, language. At metro theaters.

THE VERDICT

"King Kong" meets "King Solomon's Mines" in this glorified B-picture that's
ideal for the 10-to-15 age group.

'Congo' apes Tarzan cliches in a fun-for-kids adventure

It's difficult to say which is harder to buy in the new movie "Congo": a gorilla
named Amy speaking English or Tim Curry speaking with a Romanian accent by way
of Boris Badenov.

Based on a decade-old best seller by Michael Crichton, "Congo" is an abashedly
glorified B-movie. The film's biggest stumbling block may be finding its proper
audience. This is a kids' adventure, the '90s equivalent of such early '60s
pictures as "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and "The Time Machine."

The plot takes us into deepest darkest Africa, where an expedition sponsored by
a communications conglomerate has mysteriously disappeared (actually, the
evidence strongly suggests they were slaughtered, but CEO Joe Don Baker would
rather that be kept quiet.).

Baker sends company trouble-shooter and former CIA agent Karen Ross (Laura
Linney, the talented star of "Tales of the City") to find out what went wrong -
and salvage any lucrative discoveries.

Since Baker wants things done on the q.t., Ross must finagle her way onto
someone else's safari. That "someone" turns out to be a mild- mannered
primatologist (Dylan Walsh, looking eerily like Mickey Dolenz), who's returning
his lab-raised gorilla, Amy, to her homeland. In doing so, he hopes to make her
life better, as well as use her communication skills to establish contact with
wild gorillas.

The safari is supposedly financed by Curry, a shady Mitteleuropean with dreams
of finding a fabled lost city. The safari leader is former "Ghostbuster" Ernie
Hudson, a man as at home negotiating the jungle as he is negotiating the
intricacies of a political coup.

Having made his directorial debut with the creepy-crawly spider flick,
"Arachnophobia," director Frank Marshall has an established affinity for the
high-tech B-movie genre. Here, he throws in every Tarzan movie cliche available
(with the exception of the Ape Man himself), but he does so with a knowing
techno-laden update calculated to appeal to kids raised on video games and
CD-ROMs.

Still, anyone expecting a full-fledged adventure along the lines of "Jurassic
Park" might be disappointed. So think "Mighty Joe Young" and "Son of Kong," and
let yourself be seduced by Amy, a state-of-the-art ape who'll have you humming
"Once in Love With Amy."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo and teaser box: (Appeared on page P/01 in reference to page
P/04 article) Actor Dylan Walsh with an ape in "Congo." / Paramount. Photo:
Ernie Hudson (center), Tim Curry and Laura Linney lead an expedition through the
African jungle in "Congo." / Paramount Pictures

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 19, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TALLYING GOP'S CREDIT DEBT? COUNT ME OUT

BYLINE: Frank Cerabino

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 488 words


I don't want to know the details of credit card abuse in the state's Republican
Party.

It would be too jarring to learn that the ones who talk the most about cutting
"entitlements" to the sick, poor and uneducated feel so personally entitled to
spend extravagantly on their donor-funded credit cards.

Best to just look away. Why open up all those American Express bills when we can
move on and let these public servants continue to talk about the importance of
small-town values and government living within its means?

Sometimes getting at the truth is just too messy.

Massages? Private jets? Golf club fees and $3,000 dinners?

All that liberal spending doesn't fit the approved conservative narrative. So
don't expect me to join the chorus of people wanting to know how the Republican
Party of Florida ended up with more than $300,000 in debts.

Super spender Sansom

The first blush of this became apparent last summer as a by-product of the
criminal prosecution of former Florida House Speaker Ray Sansom.

Sansom got ousted for using his position to finagle a $110,000-a-year job for
himself at a state college.

But the investigation also turned up the details of the American Express card he
had courtesy of the state's Republican Party.

Sansom managed to spend $173,000 on the card, using it to take his family on a
European vacation, spend $11,475 at Best Buy and do $839 worth of damage at
Starbucks.

And he wasn't the only party bigwig with a license to spend on the party's dime.

Aren't the Democrats supposed to be the big spenders of other people's money?
And to make matters worse, the state Dems don't even hand out credit cards to
their inner circle.

Something had to be done. So Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer did a
ceremonial cutting up of his credit card.

But then he just started using the card of his director, Delmar Johnson, who had
the sweetest deal of all.

Democrats cry foul; McCollum mum

Not only did Johnson pull down a six-figure party salary, but he had a secret
contract that gave him a 10 percent cut on big donations he brought in. That
brought his annual haul last year to $408,000.

His party-issued American Express card had enough charges on it to earn him 1
million points. (Delmar, I recommend getting $5,500 in free furniture from
Ikea.)

All this sounds possibly criminal to State Sen. Dave Aronberg, a Democrat
running for state attorney general.

"If you tell people you're raising money for one thing, then spend it on
something else, that could be fraud," Aronberg said.

But lucky for us, the current Florida attorney general, Bill McCollum, who is an
enthusiastic pouncer when it comes to crimes of consensual White House sex, is
less than curious in this matter. Democrats have flooded his corruption hot line
with calls to investigate.

But wisely, he's not.

For it would be a shame to make all those credit card expenses public, and ruin
such a lovingly crafted fairy tale.

~ frank_cerabino@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   September 12, 2001 Wednesday, Home Edition

OUR OPINION: Justice, yes; but first we take time to mourn;
AMERICA UNDER ATTACK: EDITORIAL

BYLINE: CYNTHIA TUCKER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 555 words


Some have already begun to speak of rage and revenge, but it is yet too soon for
that. For now, we must take a moment or two to grieve. There is time in the days
ahead for retaliation, retribution, justice, carefully planned and executed. But
this day is for mourning.

For all the mothers and fathers who took the daily trip into New York's
financial district for another workday of conferences and faxes and e-mails but
who will never come home again to supervise homework or bake a birthday cake.

For all the stockbrokers and financial analysts who thought the worst thing that
could happen was the dot-com bust, until they found themselves trapped in a
raging inferno with no way out but to jump to a certain death.

For all the young secretaries and administrative assistants and mail clerks who
eagerly planned their evening around the latest hot spot made popular by "Sex
and the City," but whose blackened remains will now be dug out of the rubble.

For all the busy executives and young professionals who boarded a routine flight
from Boston to Los Angeles to arrive in time for a sales meeting or a pep talk
about hanging tough in a rocky economy, but who found they had stepped into a
nightmare Tom Clancy could not have dreamed up.

For all the tourists who waited until summer was nearly over to make a trip into
New York City to try to finagle a 15-second appearance with Al Roker on "The
Today Show," but whose relatives will now get a dreaded telephone call from New
York disaster authorities.

For all the police officers, paramedics and firefighters who ran instinctively
to the scene to aid the wounded and guide the shellshocked, but who were
themselves trapped beneath the rubble of buildings collapsing all around.

For all the dedicated public servants --- some in military uniform, some in
pinstripes --- who showed up for work each day at the Pentagon to keep the
nation safe from distant foes, but who never had a chance to fire a shot when
they were set upon by a cowardly enemy who did not distinguish civilians from
soldiers.

If the natural reaction to distant calamity is to count the reasons why that
could never happen to you --- the United States is not Israel or the Congo or
Kosovo --- the terrorist attack on New York and Washington granted us no such
luxury. Too many of us had family and friends in those buildings or on those
planes. And too many of the rest of us have been in the World Trade Center, in
the Pentagon, on those air routes. Too many of us could easily be among the
dead.

There can be no turning away this time, no pretending that we are not also
vulnerable. Perhaps that's just as well.

We can turn our new sense of insecurity to good purpose. Now that we know that
evil can find us anywhere --- that there is no sense hiding in gated communities
or private-security enclaves --- we can renew the civic culture. We can recover
a sense of public purpose too often lost to pettiness, selfishness and
narrow-mindedness. We can restore a sense of civic virtue dedicated to a common
good.

But there is time for all of that tomorrow. Today, we grieve for everything we
have lost, including our innocence. Cynthia Tucker is editorial page editor for
The Atlanta Constitution. Her column appears Wednesday and Sunday in the
Constitution. cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Special Report

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 8, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Metro Matters;
No Level Field For Athletes In Schools

BYLINE: By JOYCE PURNICK

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 756 words


IT'S not that Martin Jacobson is a patient man. He is not. But Mr. Jacobson, the
soccer coach at Martin Luther King High School, is a realist: "Come on. This is
New York. You put up with it."

What he and his team tolerate is hard to believe, even in New York. Changing
clothes on the subway because of inadequate locker rooms in the school on
Manhattan's West Side. Spending 90 minutes taking two trains and a bus to a
playing field on Randalls Island. Lugging 40 pounds of nets to practice. Raising
money to buy uniforms.

All of this when New York City has a budget surplus and is committing generous
capital dollars to building two minor-league baseball stadiums: for the Yankees
in the St. George section of Staten Island and for the Mets in Coney Island.

"Let them have their stadiums, that's O.K.," Mr. Jacobson said. "But they are
neglecting teenagers in high school. We need more cooperation." And more money.

It's not school athletic facilities vs. professional sports stadiums. There can
be both. There are both. But look at the relative numbers:

For public school ball fields, in the new city operating budget: $10 million.

For minor-league stadiums, in the new city capital budget: $142 million. That's
$71 million for the Yankees complex on Staten Island (which includes local
improvements like a new esplanade); $61 million for the Mets ballpark, including
$30 million to spruce up the boardwalk area; and $10 million for temporary
ballparks. Plus plans down the road to contribute $30 million to an amateur
sports complex for southern Brooklyn, subject to future budget votes.

All this spending, while Mr. Jacobson and his team -- ranked among the top five
in the country -- have to finagle just to get playing time at Randalls Island or
at Riverbank State Park. And they are hardly the only ones with such problems.

Only a third of the city's high schools have their own playing fields, and many
are in bad shape. Finding playing space anywhere is a challenge. Not only are
athletic fields in this vertical city scarce, but public schools have to compete
with private schools and adult teams that can pay higher users' fees.

The Board of Education has a new physical fitness initiative, but the city is
still spending almost a third less on sports equipment and supplies than it did
on the eve of its fiscal crisis in 1974.

This has to make one wonder about priorities. Especially since none of this is
new. The problems were documented in a series of New York Times articles last
year, portrayed on "60 Minutes," and cited just last week by Mark Green, the
public advocate.

The bad publicity did get attention. A new private group, Take the Field, was
begun in February and is raising money; it is already adding about $3 million to
the city's $10 million for athletic fields -- enough to build at least one major
track and field facility in each borough.

BUT school officials estimate that they need $300 million to upgrade fields and
playgrounds, not to mention pools and gyms.

"It's hard to justify spending over $100 million on minor-league stadiums when
not even 40 percent of our high schools have outdoor playing fields," Mr. Green
said, adding that the Staten Island project "seems more like patronage than
investment," because the borough has been such a stronghold for Mr. Giuliani,
until recently a Senate candidate in pursuit of votes.

The mayor says that economic development, not politics, was his motive, and
contends that the stadiums will act as catalysts. Michael G. Carey, president of
his Economic Development Corporation, expressed confidence yesterday that
"improving barren areas will bring private investments."

But many an economist disputes that theory. Building a stadium "doesn't create
development, doesn't generate jobs, raise per capita income -- it does just
about nothing," said Andrew S. Zimbalist, an economics professor at Smith
College who consults with governments about sports facilities. "Just take a
drive up to Yankee Stadium and see all the activity it's spawned. There isn't
any."

But City Hall is betting that investing in St. George and Coney Island will be
different. And the City Council did what legislatures generally do when voting
on spending money in their own communities: approve.

So the Yankees and the Mets will have their farm teams, if litigation does not
get in the way. And Mr. Jacobson and his players will continue to scramble.
"Nothing's changed," he said. "I've learned to accept deplorable conditions.
Hey. This is New York."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 28, 2009 Friday

Review: Aurora Theatre delivers powerful revival of 'Awake and Sing!"

BYLINE: By Pat Craig For Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; Arts; Theater; News; Local; Entertainment; Stage

LENGTH: 588 words


As the fear-inducing fragrance of economic collapse catches in our throats and
the reality of just how close a genuine depression may have been, it is wise to
look at some of the darker artistic output of the 1930s.

It was not just a time of Little Shirley Temple dancing Ol' Mister Depression
off the road, or the screwball comedies that took minds off Wall Street, or even
the goofily dysfunctional families created by George S. Kaufman.

There was a grim side, as well, amply illustrated by Clifford Odets'
masterpiece, "Awake and Sing!," currently in revival at Berkeley's Aurora
Theatre. The Berger family, barely getting by in their Bronx apartment, is
peppered with goofy characters, and there is no doubt the family is thoroughly
dysfunctional. But there is no cheery third-act curtain showing us all the
American Dream is alive for this Jewish immigrant family.

Early in the show, the family patriarch, Jacob (brilliantly played by veteran
actor Ray Reinhardt), has jumped from the roof to his death   hoping someone in
the family can escape from this prison of the American Dream gone wrong.

Yet there is much that is funny in the script. Odets' writing is raw and
beautiful, creating some amazing characters, led by Bessie (a stunning Ellen
Ratner), who rules her family with an iron fist, barely shielded by a kid glove;
her mousy husband Myron (wonderfully understated Charles Dean); her daughter
Hennie (a strong Rebecca White), who finds herself pregnant by a man who
disappears and then finagles herself into a marriage to a man she doesn't love,
Sam (poignantly played by Anthony Nemirovsky); and Bessie's son Ralph (the
charming Patrick Russell), a young man holding fast to his dreams, but with very
little reason for doing so.

Victor Talmadge presents a gem of a performance as Morty, the successful
relative, and a fast-talking Rob Gnapp is Moe, who lost a leg in the World War,
but still manages to get by on his government pension and a lot of hustle.

In one sense, "Awake and Sing!" (taken from the phrase from Isaiah Jacob was
fond of using) is an unrelenting tragedy about a family in rapid decline,
financially and spiritually, through no fault of its own.

This is, after all, 1935, the middle of the Great Depression   work hours have
been cut back, prospects for the future barely exist and Jacob is caught up in
his Marxist beliefs, to the dismay of many family members.

On the other hand, the play is oddly hopeful, or at least given to a left-handed
homage to the undaunted American spirit. Despite all that has happened, despite
all the truly horrible things you expect will happen soon, despite the tragedies
of their daily lives, there is a sense that something good might just happen.

It could be that cashing a winning Irish Sweepstakes ticket, or that finding the
right combination of luck, skill and timing to hit upon something that will
change lives for the better is somewhere out there.

The piece is beautifully created from top to bottom   from Joy Carlin's
direction, which included finding a cast that had the appearance of a group you
might readily see in a photo from the '30s, to the stunningly well-wrought set
by Nina Ball and costumes designed by Callie Floor. theater review WHAT: Aurora
Theatre Company presents "Awake and Sing!," by Clifford Odets WHEN: 7 p.m.
Tuesdays, 8 p.m. Wednesdays through Saturdays, 2 and 7 p.m. Sundays through
Sept. 27 WHERE: Aurora Theatre , 2081 Addison St. , Berkeley RUNNING TIME: 2
hours, 20 minutes TICKETS: $15-$55; 510-843-4822, www.auroratheatre.org

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AURORA THEATRE COMPANYEllen Ratner stars as the tough matriarch of the
struggling Berger family in Clifford Odets' Depression-era tragicomedy "Awake
and Sing!" Charles Dean, plays Ratner's husband.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 28, 2009 Friday

Review: Aurora Theatre delivers powerful revival of 'Awake and Sing!'

BYLINE: By Pat Craig For Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


As the fear-inducing fragrance of economic collapse catches in our throats and
the reality of just how close a genuine depression may have been, it is wise to
look at some of the darker artistic output of the 1930s.

It was not just a time of Little Shirley Temple dancing Ol' Mister Depression
off the road, or the screwball comedies that took minds off Wall Street, or even
the goofily dysfunctional families created by George S. Kaufman.

There was a grim side, as well, amply illustrated by Clifford Odets'
masterpiece, "Awake and Sing!," currently in revival at Berkeley's Aurora
Theatre. The Berger family, barely getting by in their Bronx apartment, is
peppered with goofy characters, and there is no doubt the family is thoroughly
dysfunctional. But there is no cheery third-act curtain showing us all the
American Dream is alive for this Jewish immigrant family.

Early in the show, the family patriarch, Jacob (brilliantly played by veteran
actor Ray Reinhardt), has jumped from the roof to his death   hoping someone in
the family can escape from this prison of the American Dream gone wrong.

Yet there is much that is funny in the script. Odets' writing is raw and
beautiful, creating some amazing characters, led by Bessie (a stunning Ellen
Ratner), who rules her family with an iron fist, barely shielded by a kid glove;
her mousy husband Myron (wonderfully understated Charles Dean); her daughter
Hennie (a strong Rebecca White), who finds herself pregnant by a man who
disappears and then finagles herself into a marriage to a man she doesn't love,
Sam (poignantly played by Anthony Nemirovsky); and Bessie's son Ralph (the
charming Patrick Russell), a young man holding fast to his dreams, but with very
little reason for doing so.

Victor Talmadge presents a gem of a performance as Morty, the successful
relative, and a fast-talking Rob Gnapp is Moe, who lost a leg in the World War,
but still manages to get by on his government pension and a lot of hustle.

In one sense, "Awake and Sing!" (taken from the phrase from Isaiah Jacob was
fond of using) is an unrelenting tragedy about a family in rapid decline,
financially and spiritually, through no fault of its own.

This is, after all, 1935, the middle of the Great Depression   work hours have
been cut back, prospects for the future barely exist and Jacob is caught up in
his Marxist beliefs, to the dismay of many family members.

On the other hand, the play is oddly hopeful, or at least given to a left-handed
homage to the undaunted American spirit. Despite all that has happened, despite
all the truly horrible things you expect will happen soon, despite the tragedies
of their daily lives, there is a sense that something good might just happen.

It could be that cashing a winning Irish Sweepstakes ticket, or that finding the
right combination of luck, skill and timing to hit upon something that will
change lives for the better is somewhere out there.

The piece is beautifully created from top to bottom   from Joy Carlin's
direction, which included finding a cast that had the appearance of a group you
might readily see in a photo from the '30s, to the stunningly well-wrought set
by Nina Ball and costumes designed by Callie Floor.


     ·    WHAT: Aurora Theatre Company presents "Awake and Sing!," by Clifford
          Odets



     ·    WHEN: 7 p.m. Tuesdays, 8 p.m. Wednesdays through Saturdays, 2 and 7
          p.m. Sundays through Sept. 27



     ·    WHERE: Aurora Theatre , 2081 Addison St. , Berkeley



     ·    RUNNING TIME: 2 hours, 20 minutes


TICKETS: $15-$55; 510-843-4822, www.auroratheatre.org

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

No car? You're stuck;
Seniors who surrender the car keys soon mourn the loss of mobility, independence

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER QUINN

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1293 words


Grace Allen is where one in every three senior metro residents could be by 2030.

The 72-year-old is stuck at home.

Allen gave up her car a year ago after suffering a heart attack and moving into
an assisted living home in Snellville.

Now back on her feet, she is getting a taste of life in metro Atlanta without a
car.

"It's not good for people without a car. You lose your independence," the
Gwinnett County resident said.

She can't drive to pick up fresh fruits or vegetables or personal items like
deodorant. She is dependent on others to take her to medical appointments and
the pharmacy. Allen must ask one of her two daughters to take her shopping, then
wait for her. She doesn't want to be a bother, so she doesn't ask often, Allen
explains.

The result? Except for her county-sponsored ride to the Lawrenceville Senior
Center three days a week, she stays home most days.

"I've been so capable all my life, and, all of a sudden, you are put in a box,"
she said. "Getting older is not for wimps."

Hundreds of thousands of regional residents will experience Allen's problems in
coming years when they can no longer drive. The number of people age 65 or older
in 13 metro Atlanta counties will triple from about 305,000 to more than 917,000
in the next 24 years, the Atlanta Regional Commission estimates. Aging baby
boomers, as well as seniors moving to the area, will account for one of every
five persons in the region by 2030.

About 100,000 metro residents 65 and older do not drive because of failing
eyesight, poor health or fear of traffic, according to a 2004 report by the
Surface Transportation Policy Project. By 2030, that number could triple as
well.

A prisoner at home

The report estimates that more than half of nondriving seniors stay home rather
than finagle a ride or pay cab fare, which can be expensive, especially for
those on fixed incomes. A disproportionate share are minorities, the poor and
those living in rural areas or sprawling suburbs where public transit doesn't
exist.

"It's sad. This is the first place I've lived where you are just stuck like
this," said 73-year-old Mattie Hicks of Lilburn.

She moved nearly three years ago from the Chicago area to be near her children
and grandchildren.

After she arrived, she found that the public transit and senior ride programs
she depended on in Chicago are not common here. For the first months, she felt
like a prisoner in her own house, she said.

Like Allen, she dislikes calling her daughter every time she wants to leave
home. After more than a year, she discovered that the Senior Center in
Lawrenceville would send a bus for her some days.

Others are not as lucky. The Lawrenceville center has a waiting list of 47.

"Anywhere you go in this country, seniors will tell you the biggest problem is
transportation. Solving it? Nobody has done that," said Kathryn Lawler, director
of the ARC's Aging Atlanta program, which works with 49 nonprofit and service
organizations to plan for the senior boom.

Lack of transportation does more than leave seniors sitting alone, Lawler said.
It creates health problems because they can't get to a doctor, get medication or
out to shop for healthy foods. If they miss medical treatment, their health
problems grow more severe.

Plus, she said, the loneliness of isolation can lead to depression. Seniors are
unable to volunteer in churches, schools or service programs. Additionally, the
local economy is hindered because seniors are unable to get out and spend.

And the farther out metro Atlanta spreads, the larger the problem grows, Lawler
said.

Jane Hardin, the senior transportation specialist with the Community
Transportation Association in Washington, said polls show that most people ---
roughly 80 percent --- want to remain in their own neighborhood as they age.
It's important for seniors to stay in the home and neighborhood where, over a
lifetime, they've built up a web of support --- friends, churches and family ---
to help meet their needs, she said.

But suburban Atlanta was built for the car. There are few corner stores to walk
to or doctors' offices or job centers in the middle of massive subdivisions.

Alternatives are limited to county-sponsored rides to senior centers, doctors'
offices or grocery shopping, limited local bus service in some areas, some grant
programs sponsored by the ARC and federally mandated paratransit, in which
counties provide door-to-door service for the disabled and some seniors.

Hardin said some innovative programs in the United States are making headway in
transporting seniors.

Florida shows the way

She pointed to fast-growing St. Johns County and St. Augustine, Fla., which are
south of sprawling Jacksonville. The transit system expanded its paratransit
into rural and suburban areas, incorporated paratransit into the general transit
system so more riders could use it, made the routes more flexible, computerized
the system to make it more efficient and began eight daily round trips to
Jacksonville for shopping, medical or airport access.

It also has begun asking developers to kick in money for transit, like counties
in metro Atlanta that ask developers for money for schools.

But even St. Johns County doesn't satisfy the demand, Hardin said. Lack of
transportation for seniors always come down to local government spending
priorities and seniors are typically left behind when the dollars are doled out,
Hardin said.

Sandra Postel, herself a senior at 73, helps take care of her 93-year-old
mother-in-law in Dacula.

The Postels, who moved from Miami three years ago, recently tried to sign up the
93-year-old to catch a ride to the Buford Senior Center to enjoy some of the
activities. They discovered the best they could do was get her on a waiting
list. Sandra Postel believes the county ought to spend more on transit for
seniors and called her county commissioner to complain.

"It still comes down to the fact that [the commissioners] are not putting as
priorities seniors on top of the list," she said.

For example, Gwinnett County spends millions on recreation, she said. Gwinnett's
recreation operations is $27.6 million of its $1.5 billion 2006 budget,
according to the county Web site. It budgeted $267,000 for senior
transportation. The federal government paid another $115,000, according to the
state Department of Human Resources.

Commission Chairman Charles Bannister said the county is not ignoring its
seniors, but that the commissioners have to balance many demands.

"It is a small amount when you look in the overall scheme of things, but it is
an amount that is growing, and as we move down the road in years to come with
the increase in population, it will grow too," he said.

Gwinnett started a limited local bus system linking Buford, Norcross and
Lawrenceville, which provides some service.

Some counties, such as Fayette, don't budget anything for senior transportation.
Transportation is paid for with about $38,000 in state and federal money, routed
through the ARC to the nonprofit Fayette Senior Services.

Andy Carden, Fayette Senior Services executive director, said Fayette gets
another $48,000 from United Way to help provide rides, and local churches and
other organizations volunteer to provide rides to older adults. But there is
always more demand than resources.

"We don't have a licensed taxi service that I am aware of," Carden said. "It can
be tough."

JEMAL BRINSON /Staff

FEW ALTERNATIVES

One of every three metro seniors does not drive.

Lack of public transit forces some to continue driving longer than they should,
leading to high death rates from wrecks.

JEMAL BRINSON /Staff

Transit modes of 65+ population*

Car: 69%

Other: 28%

Walk: 2%

Public transit: 1%

Pie chart compares transit modes

*ARC 2002 Transportation Survey

Source: Atlanta Regional Commission

JEMAL BRINSON /Staff

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    March 29, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Hot grad in Prom III moving in on Dr. Ruth

BYLINE: By Rita Zekas Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 636 words


   In Prom Night III: The Last Kiss, Alex Grey (Tim Conlon) has the perfect prom
date.

Marylou's drop-dead gorgeous. Too bad she's also dead.

Stand-up comic Conlon is making his movie debut in Prom III, a "Romantic Comedy
From Hell" that opens tomorrow in Metro.

He's hot. In four years, the 23-year-old has gone from Sudbury to Toronto to Los
Angeles, where he's currently shooting the pilot for the ABC comedy series Dr.
Ruth's House, opposite another formidable leading lady, Dr. Ruth.

Did he get any tips from the sexologist?

"No, actually I gave her advice," he cracked.

In the sitcom, Dr. Ruth is a den mother to a household of college kids. Conlon
plays Mac Drummond, a business student. Sounds like a co-ed Facts Of Life to me.

"Dr. Ruth is only 4 foot 7 but she's got a lot of energy. She's sweet and funny.
Her character owns the house we live in and she's a psychology professor at the
university."

Conlon's character, Mac, is very white bread and very acquisitive, always
looking for the angles. ". . . the easy money. He thinks being the next Donald
Trump is the way to go.

"He's not as right wing as Alex Keaton (Michael J. Fox' character on Family
Ties). In fact, if he saw Alex Keaton coming, he'd try to finagle money out of
him."

A regular Yuk Yuks headliner, Conlon spent two years in the touring company of
Second City. Still, Prom III writer/director Ron Oliver, a personal friend,
didn't think he was right for the role of Alex.

"I'd auditioned for Prom II (which Oliver also wrote) and didn't get it but Ron
thought I was a decent guy so we hung out. He let me read for No. 3 to get me
off his back. They brought me in on the last day (of auditions) and the producer
(Peter Simpson) says 'There's your boy'."

Sobering Views

William Shatner is scheduled to beam down in Toronto today to do a guest spot in
Safe, an anti-drug and alcohol video aimed at the Canadian and U.S. home video
markets.

The video, produced by Producer's Group International, the folks behind Mosquito
Lake, comes with a kit that includes printed literature and a motivational
cassette.

Bottoms Up

Joseph Bottoms is returning to Santa Barbara.

Bottoms played Kirk Cranston on the soap from 1985-'86 and was brought back for
a while last year. There's no word whether he'll reprise the Kirk role, but
since Kirk has a vendetta against Cruz (A Martinez), and Eden (Marcy Walker) and
the couple have been reconciled, it sounds like right about time to throw
another curve into their relationship.

Bottoms, who was in town last week as a Genie presenter, lives in Guelph and
runs a home security business with his wife, Dell.

He was Down Under in Australia recently replacing Jan Michael Vincent in Flair,
a miniseries about the fashion business co-starring Heather Thomas, who was here
in January filming the movie Red Blooded American Girl.

Emmys R Us

Okay, so Canada didn't win a Best Foreign Film Oscar for Jesus Of Montreal. At
least we're cleaning up in the New York Emmys.

Toronto's Roger Stewart, former CTV publicist and ex director of marketing and
public relations for the United Way of Greater Toronto, picked up an Emmy last
week for Outstanding Public Service Announcement.

Stewart, now a resident of New York, won for his New York YMCA spot "YMCA: Great
Feeling, Great Place." And no Village People in sight.

Winnipegger Barbara Laskin, who started her broadcasting career as a researcher
for CTV Reports and went on to work in news in CBLT, CITY-TV and anchor CBC
Radio's Sunday Morning before becoming anchor at WNYW-FOX, Channel 5 in New
York, copped an Emmy for News Reporting. She was awarded the statue for Scared
To Death, a documentary on battered women.

"It's been quite a year," Laskin said. "I got married, got pregnant and won the
Emmy."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Tim ConlonStar; Gazing

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 19, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

New Commission Takes a Fresh Look at Ethics Rules for Lobbyists

Daniel LeDuc, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M05

LENGTH: 983 words



It was veteran Maryland lobbyist James Doyle who summed it up best: "There are
many people in the state who believe 'lobbying ethics' is an oxymoron."

But there they were anyway, Doyle and 12 other members of the Study Commission
on Lobbyists Ethics, which met for the first time 10 days ago and will work
through autumn studying the laws regulating the hundreds of lobbyists who work
in Annapolis.

The commission was formed by lawmakers who decided it was time to find out
whether regulations on lobbyists were adequate. The study comes a year after a
similar commission looked at legislative ethics and recommended many changes in
how legislators can interact with lobbyists--changes that many lobbyists said
they've found confusing or illogical.

Former delegate Donald B. Robertson, of Montgomery County, is chairman. He has
scheduled meetings almost weekly between now and November.

There are 571 people registered to lobby, far more than just a decade ago. And
there are some important new trends as well, John O'Donnell, executive director
of the State Ethics Commission, told the study group. The Ethics Commission
registers lobbyists and is the clearinghouse for the lobbyists to report their
clients, fees and expenses.

"The number of employers [or clients] is growing faster than the number of
lobbyists," O'Donnell said. "What that really means is that more and more power
is being placed in the hands of less and less."

He said that the top 24 lobbyists accounted for about half of all the lobbying
fees. That means those lobbyists frequently have closer relationships with
legislators and more influence.

Changes in lobbying laws that take effect Oct. 1 may only heighten that
influence. Although lobbyists will be barred from buying meals for individual
lawmakers, they still will be allowed to entertain legislative committees and
delegations.

Those group dinners usually are held at the toniest restaurants in Annapolis and
can cost several thousand dollars. That means a lobbyist with deep pockets still
can entertain, but one on a tighter budget will have it tougher.

"I can't take a single legislator out for a bottle of beer. Yet if I can finagle
enough money from my clients, I can throw the most lavish dinners," said Doyle,
a member of the study group who is considered the dean of the lobbying corps.

In addition to Robertson and Doyle, the other panel members are lobbyists Annie
Kronk, William Pitcher and Joel Rozner; Sens. Michael J. Collins (D-Baltimore
County) and Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery); Dels. John S. Arnick (D-Baltimore
County), Robert H. Kittleman (R-Howard) and Maggie L. McIntosh (D-Baltimore);
and public members Herbert Alexander, a retired University of Southern
California professor, Wilveria Riddick, a Baltimore schoolteacher, and Dorothy
Fait, a Rockville lawyer.

The commission's next meeting will be at the House Office Building in Annapolis
at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday.


Longtime Official to Retire

Robert L. Swann, a popular state official who served briefly as comptroller
after the death of Louis L. Goldstein last year, has announced that he's
retiring Oct. 1.

Swann, a native of Calvert County, joined the comptroller's office in 1961,
working for Goldstein, who went on to be the longest-serving state official in
Maryland history. Goldstein died in July 1998, and Swann, who was deputy
comptroller, was appointed by Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) to fill in at the
top job until after that year's election. Former governor William Donald
Schaefer (D) was elected and took office in January. Swann resumed his old job
as deputy, overseeing data processing, general accounting, payroll and budget
functions for the office, which acts primarily as Maryland's tax collector.

"Anything I've achieved in my career I owe to the late comptroller Louis
Goldstein and to my co-workers in the comptroller's office," Swann said in a
statement. "And although I'm retiring, I'll always maintain a great interest in
the affairs of the state of Maryland."


Trucker Shows Guest the Road

Last Thursday was take-your-transportation-secretary-to-work day for trucker
Dawn Nichol.

Frustrated by the aggressive driving she sees while hauling toys for Toys R Us,
the 31-year-old Gaithersburg woman wrote to Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening
(D) in March, pleading for driver education that teaches people to share the
road with trucks. "I hope you can understand how I feel, and if you can't I
invite you to ride with me one night," she wrote.

She never really expected Glendening to take her up on the offer. He didn't, but
Maryland Transportation Secretary John D. Porcari did.

Nichol and Porcari buckled up and embarked on an eye-opening 35-minute ride
along some of Howard and Baltimore counties' busiest routes.

Early on, a white Geo Metro merging from Interstate 295 onto Interstate 195
darted in front of Nichol on its way to the far left lane, cutting her off and
causing her to tap her brakes hard. There were a few more instances like that as
Nichol and Porcari headed to Interstate 95 north, then to the Baltimore Beltway,
Interstate 70 and Route 29 south and back toward Department of Transportation
headquarters via Route 100 and I-295. Porcari saw how difficult it is for a
truck to switch lanes--no one wants to let a big rig in front of them--and what
massive blind spots trucks have on both sides and behind them.

Nichol doesn't pretend that all truckers drive safely. She admits that some make
pretty dangerous moves at times. But she thinks most truckers get a bad rap, and
Porcari agreed.

Porcari used the event to highlight truck safety, urging motorists to help
truckers by staying out of their blind spots and by remembering that for a truck
to stop completely takes three to four times the distance it takes a car.


Staff writer Angela Paik contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

Task Force: Keep Eglin's missions

BYLINE: Tom McLaughlin, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Jan. 10--Florida's new Defense Support Task Force wants to prevent shift of
Eglin's RDT&E wing to California.

Saving Eglin Air Force Base's valuable Research Development Testing and
Evaluation wing will be priority one for Florida's new Defense Support Task
Force.

The task force met for the first time Monday in Tallahassee and decided it
needed to move quickly to ensure the Air Force Materiel Command didn't take
action on May 1 to move Eglin's 46th Test Wing's RDT&E component out of Florida.

"If we are going to do something, we have to do it now," said Okaloosa County
resident David Goetsch, who was named Monday to chair the 12-member task force
when Gov. Rick Scott isn't available to do so.

The Air Force is moving forward with plans to implement a consolidation of its
Materiel Command. It has until Oct. 1 to do so, but leaders have decided to
target May 1 as the day to have the consolidation completed.

Task force member and state Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fort Walton Beach, compared the
latest moves of a military trying to cut expenses to a BRAC (Base Realignment
and Closure) process without public input.

"The issue we are in essence going through is a BRAC process without the benefit
of BRAC itself," he said.

Present plans call for the consolidation to put the 46th Test Wing under the
command of a two-star general at Edwards Air Force Base in California.

Edwards' commanders have tried for years to finagle the RTD&E component, which
attracts highly educated aerospace experts to the community, away from Eglin.

Goetsch and other economic experts see a "perfect storm" of opportunity now for
Edwards to succeed in snatching the test wing.

The threat to Eglin was considered grave enough late last year that U.S. Sen.
Bill Nelson introduced legislation intended to force Air Force leaders to
conduct a study and report to Congress on what its consolidation would
accomplish.

Task force members -- six of whom hail from Northwest Florida -- are soliciting
the clout of fellow member Lt. Gov. Jennifer Carroll in their effort to see that
the study is done before any consolidation occurs, Goetsch said.

Carroll, who rose to the rank of lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy, is well
informed and has connections, Goetsch said.

The plan is for her to work with Okaloosa County experts, Air Force leaders,
U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller and Nelson to make sure the consolidation goes as Nelson's
amendment dictated it should, he said.

The task force will hold a special meeting in two weeks to discuss the
possibility of appointing a consultant to assist Carroll, Goetsch said.

"We're going to determine in two weeks if the lieutenant governor needs somebody
providing her with information day by day, hour by hour," he said.

___ (c)2012 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120110-FO-Task-Force-Keep-Eglin-s-missions-0110-20120110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2012 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Poole: Gossip of Oakland A's, Tampa Bay Rays and contraction

BYLINE: By Monte Poole Oakland Tribune columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Baseball; Athletics

LENGTH: 788 words


As the A's vacate Arizona and head back to the home they want to abandon, their
fans in the East Bay have moved past anxiety and settled into the drowsy fatigue
that comes with two years awaiting reply to a simple question:

Is the future in Oakland or San Jose?

Meanwhile, there's a nasty whisper circulating about baseball that it might be
neither, that the A's could be devoured by their associates.

The preferred term is "contraction," a cold concept in any business but
especially so if you're among the multitude who have spent some or all of the
last 43 years investing your hearts, throats and credit cards in the Oakland
club.

Though the likelihood of contraction is about the same as that of A's manager
Bob Geren being replaced by Shooty Babitt, any prolonged gestation period is
bound to hatch innuendo and speculation. And, yes, it has been exactly 24 months
since commissioner Bud Selig promised a "blue ribbon panel" would evaluate the
team's future options.

This latest gossip comes with details juicy enough to quench the thirst of
anyone seeking a tall glass of conspiracy.

According to veteran New York Post baseball columnist Joel Sherman, "a person
involved with baseball labor" recently acknowledged that contraction, previously
discussed in relation to the Montreal Expos and Minnesota Twins, has been
refloated, with the A's and Tampa Bay Rays as candidates.

Why the A's and Rays? Because no two franchises have more frequent fantasies of
fleeing their ballparks, Selig hates both yards and -- here's where it gets
particularly delicious -- he could finagle a soft landing for two owners for
whom he has an affinity.

In this scenario, A's co-owners Lew Wolff and John Fisher get the Los Angeles
Dodgers, with Rays owner Stu Sternberg getting the New York Mets. It's kind of
like Jeffrey Loria went from owning the Expos, making them disappear, and
getting the Florida Marlins.

If there is an owner Selig wants to dump, it's Frank McCourt, whose stewardship
of the Dodgers has been by turns bizarre and inept, and whose messy divorce is
both a financial beehive and an ongoing embarrassment to the, ahem, sanctity of
the sport.

If there is an owner whose predicament gnaws at Bud, it's Fred Wilpon of the
Mets. The Wilpon family has acute financial losses related to its involvement
with the infamous Bernie Madoff, serving a 150-year term for running the
granddaddy of all Ponzi schemes.

With McCourt as the tack in Bud's loafers and the Wilpons as a constant case of
heartburn, it's easy to imagine Selig nudging them toward the same door through
which the minority owners of the old Expos were tossed. Bud would be happier,
healthier and more willing to embrace retirement when his term ends after the
2012 season.

It would be a win for Selig, a win for his old frat brother Wolff -- or as Bud
refers to him, "Lewie" -- and a win for Sternberg.

Furthermore, this would complete a rout by the Giants, who stridently and
consistently have defended San Jose as their turf and surely would recognize and
exploit the advantages of a local baseball monopoly.

It's victories all around -- except for baseball fans in the Bay Area, A's fans
in particular, and fans in the Tampa-St. Petersburg metro area. Has there ever
been the slightest indication Selig gives a hoot about them?

There is this view among certain owners outside Oakland and Tampa Bay that
through revenue sharing they are subsidizing the A's, Rays and several other
franchises where too many seats sit vacant.

"The A's are hamstrung by the situation," one source told AOL FanHouse during
the winter meetings. "They are always going to be a small-money, small-market
team while they are playing in the Coliseum."

This conveniently ignores local response to captivating, contending teams at the
Oakland Coliseum. Attendance thrived under the Haas ownership and had its
moments under Steve Schott and Ken Hofmann before being systematically sheared
off by Wolff.

The point, however, is Selig and the owners want the A's out of the Coliseum,
the Rays out of that homely dome in St. Pete, McCourt out of L.A. and Wilpon out
of New York.

It's a solution for Bud, pending other considerations.

Thankfully for both Bay Areas, other considerations exist. No union in the world
is stronger than the MLB Players Association, which wouldn't stand for a
proposal eliminating 50 jobs, 25 players from each contracted team.

This is not the kind of road down which Selig, monitoring labor strife in the
NFL and perhaps the NBA, dares to travel.

So we're back to the blue-ribbon committee snoozing indefinitely, San Jose
remaining on hold and the A's in Oakland. It's still home, at least for now,
perhaps for as long as they exist.

Contact Monte Poole at mpoole@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Athletics starting pitcher Brett Anderson throws to the
Cincinnati Reds during the first inning of a spring training baseball game in
Goodyear, Ariz., Tuesday, March 22, 2011. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday

The case against Phil Jackson

BYLINE: By Monte Poole Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; News

LENGTH: 704 words


Though the afterglow will continue indefinitely for redemptive superstar Kobe
Bryant, aging gentleman Derek Fisher and the rest of the Lakers, none will savor
this championship more thoroughly than Phil Jackson.

As the NBA championship celebration rolled through Los Angeles on Wednesday,
Bryant was the man of the moment and Fisher the sentimental favorite. Jackson,
however, is being hailed far and wide as the best of all time.

Greatest Coach Ever, at all levels ever known, in every sport ever conceived,
since the beginning of time.

Jackson's 10 championships rank first among those who have coached or managed
the three major American professional sports, ahead of Red Auerbach (NBA, nine),
Casey Stengel (MLB, seven) and Chuck Noll (NFL, four).

It's mighty impressive stuff.

But before we fire up Phil's train to sainthood, let's consider three factors.

One, Jackson took over the Chicago Bulls as Michael Jordan was establishing
himself as the best player in the league, maybe ever.

Two, Jackson arrived in Los Angeles when Shaquille O'Neal was the game's best
big man and Bryant was on the verge of being the game's best "little" man and
best overall player.

Three, it is widely accepted that the NBA is a player's league. Like a jockey
needs a good horse to win, a coach needs good players.

Jackson is a marvelous coach and a learned man. He has an exceptional
combination of experience (12 seasons as a player, 12 as a head coach in minor
leagues, 20 years as an assistant or head coach in the NBA); a signature
strategy (Tex Winter's triangle offense); intellect; passion; and serenity. No
coach so effectively uses psychology and wit to motivate and inspire.

Coach Cerebral also is the only coach fortunate enough and opportunistic enough
to finagle a seat next to Jordan for the cream of MJ's career, take a year off,
and return when the league's most attractive job became available.

When Jackson showed up in L.A. in 1999, Shaq and Kobe were waiting. So, too, was
an $8 million annual contract.

Can you say jackpot?

Don't get me wrong. I like Phil. He's an engaging conversationalist,
knowledgeable about many topics, with the mellow spirit of a hippie, the
restless soul of an activist and the fertile brain of a scientist. I can't think
of a coach more worthy of recommendation.

But please. Would Jackson's genius be so evident if he did not have clearly the
best player of one generation, then clearly the best player of the next
generation   in the one major sport where a single player can dramatically alter
a team's trajectory?

No other coach, ever, was blessed with such fortuitous timing and luck.

Jackson's six championships in Chicago were interrupted when Jordan left the NBA
for the better part of two seasons. In neither of those years did the Bulls
advance past the second round.

The Bulls recovered in 1995-96 to win the first of three more titles. After
sinking the winning shot in the 1998 Finals, MJ saw it as the perfect time to
retire.

Guess who followed Jordan out the door?

Jackson sat out a year. Having won two championships as a player with the Knicks
and six more coaching the Bulls, he was content. Not yet 55, he was a confirmed
success.

But how does a man of such considerable talent and ego decline the best job in
sports?

With his Lakers having gone all of a decade without a title, owner Dr. Jerry
Buss reached out to Phil in 1999. There was young Shaq, with seven consecutive
top-10 finishes in the MVP voting. And Kobe, only 21 but entering his fourth
season. This is what is referred to as an impressive foundation.

O'Neal and Bryant delivered three titles before Lakers management sent Shaq to
Miami.

Guess who followed Shaq out the door?

Jackson took a year off, returned to the Lakers and coached them to successive
first-round playoff exits.

Handed All-Star big man Pau Gasol in 2008, Jackson took the Lakers back to the
finals. With Bryant and Gasol together for a full year, they won it all.

This is not to say Phil is not a fine coach. He is. But the Best Coach Ever? We
can't go there.

We can't conclude he is superior to Bill Walsh or Joe Torre.

We can, however, conclude that Jackson knows gold when he sees it and that he is
the Most Accomplished Coach ever. As legacies go, that's plenty good.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Irritating and Inspiring the Yankees

BYLINE: By TYLER KEPNER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; ON BASEBALL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 929 words


The record will show that the Yankees were playing fairly well before Ryan
Dempster drilled Alex Rodriguez with a fastball on Sunday night at Fenway Park.
The narrative might read a little differently.

The Yankees stood six games out of a playoff spot before beating the Toronto
Blue Jays, 3-2, on Tuesday night to sweep a doubleheader in the Bronx. But the
schedule gives them a chance, and Dempster -- who was suspended only five games
on Tuesday, to the chagrin of Joe Girardi -- gave them a cause.

''Definitely, it got us fired up and got us going,'' C. C. Sabathia said. ''It
definitely woke us up.''

Sabathia was referring to Sunday's comeback victory, not the comeback the
Yankees need in the standings. But they must stay hot to leap three teams for a
wild-card berth, and motivation has taken the unexpected form of defending the
honor of Rodriguez, even as he faces a 211-game suspension for his latest ties
to doping.

''I've always thought we've had a close-knit group, but it can definitely
help,'' said Girardi, the Yankees' manager. ''It brings you together under one
cause.''

Dempster's $13.25 million salary comes to more than $400,000 per five games, but
he still will be paid during his suspension. He was fined $2,500, according to
The Associated Press, or half as much as the fine for Girardi, who was ejected
for arguing on Sunday. Dempster did not appeal.

When he spoke to reporters after that game, Girardi said he hoped Dempster would
have to miss a start. But Girardi had his doubts, having already noticed that
the Red Sox had days off coming up on Thursday and Monday. ''You could finagle
something,'' he said.

After the Yankees' 8-4 victory over Toronto in the first game of Tuesday's
doubleheader, Girardi tried to hide his irritation by initially refusing to
comment on Dempster's short suspension. Then he relented.

''When you suspend a position player three games, he misses three games,
right?'' Girardi said. ''You can suspend a pitcher five games, even six games,
and they may not miss a start if the off days come into play. That's why I think
everything has to be taken into account when you make a suspension.''

Girardi also said he worried the short suspension would tell other pitchers that
they could hit Rodriguez with little consequence.

''That's my concern,'' Girardi said. ''We'll find out. I sure hope not.''

In announcing the suspension, Major League Baseball said that Dempster was
punished for ''intentionally throwing at and hitting'' Rodriguez. But because of
the schedule, Boston does not need a fifth starter until Aug. 31, anyway.

''I definitely think it was light,'' Sabathia said. ''Given that he threw at
Alex four times, he should have gotten longer. He's not even going to miss a
start.''

Baseball's unwritten rules can be puzzling and contradictory, a specialized
brand of hardball machismo. Players with any real service time have encountered
situations that call for a player to be hit or brushed back for a variety of
offenses.

Girardi disapproved strongly on Sunday because he believed Dempster was acting
as a vigilante sending a message to Rodriguez, whom several Red Sox players said
should not be playing while he appeals his 211-game ban.

''Part of the game is to protect your own,'' Girardi said. ''There's a right way
to protect your own. But what is not part of the game is throwing at people
because you don't like them, or you don't necessarily agree with the decision
that was made by Major League Baseball. That is not a part of the game.''

Sabathia put it more succinctly: ''Even with the unwritten code, you don't throw
at a guy four times. He violated every code in every way.''

Baseball's justice has often been confounding in cases like these. Dempster was
not ejected from Sunday's game, yet he earned a suspension for his actions.
Washington's Stephen Strasburg was ejected from a game in Atlanta on Saturday
when he hit Justin Upton and threw consecutive pitches behind Andrelton Simmons,
yet he was not suspended.

Ian Kennedy, then with the Arizona Diamondbacks, was suspended 10 games in June
for hitting Yasiel Puig and Zack Greinke of the Los Angeles Dodgers. But Vicente
Padilla was never suspended for repeatedly throwing at Mark Teixeira over the
years.

Even so, Teixeira said he was pleased that baseball did not overreact to the
amplified nature of Sunday's incident, which occurred on national television,
with the notorious Rodriguez in the middle of it. A five-game penalty for a
starting pitcher, who usually takes only four days between starts, usually
scrambles a team's rotation for a bit. Baseball cannot control Boston's upcoming
schedule.

''I don't think you can really take it too far and say that it was a bigger
issue,'' Teixeira said. ''The fact is if M.L.B. thought that he threw at him
intentionally, the standard operating procedure is five games for a pitcher. I
think you've just got to be fair across the board.''

Robinson Cano also said he had no problem with Dempster's punishment, and Chris
Stewart said he did not care, because the Yankees beat Dempster that night,
anyway. It was their seventh win in 10 games, and after Tuesday's sweep, they
have won 9 of 12.

The Yankees have eight more games with the Blue Jays, part of a remaining
schedule made up entirely of games against American League East opponents,
except for a September series against the also-ran Chicago White Sox, San
Francisco Giants and Houston Astros.

With that schedule, and a lineup suddenly heavy on power hitters, the flawed but
feisty Yankees have life. That, it seems, is their reply message to Dempster.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/21/sports/baseball/doing-well-would-be-yanks-best
-revenge.html

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ryan Dempster was suspended five games for  hitting Alex
Rodriguez, above, with a pitch. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BARTON SILVERMAN/THE NEW YORK
TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        APRIL 10, 1998 Friday SF EDITION

'MY GIANT': FILM ROOKIE STANDS TALL IN A STORY OTHERWISE SHORT ON ASSETS

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan, INQUIRER MOVIE CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES WEEKEND; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 475 words


In this movie year - as Godzilla's hucksters and handlers relentlessly remind us
- "Size does matter." And it's about the only thing that counts in favor of My
Giant.

The last time we saw Billy Crystal in the company of very tall guys was in
Forget Paris, in which he played an NBA referee with a death wish who nullifies
a game-winning shot by Charles Barkley. For My Giant, Crystal has returned to
the NBA to recruit Gheorghe Muresan, at 7 feet, 7 1/2 inches the tallest player
in the league and, surprisingly, the chief asset of the movie.

Muresan is a Romanian who plays center for the Washington Wizards. He is, quite
naturally, the center of attention in My Giant, and his gentle charm is sorely
needed in an innocuous comedy that is as predictable as the trajectory of a
successful foul shot. Otherwise, My Giant is yet another exercise in a lesson
Hollywood has down by rote in which the main character learns to be a better
person.

The learner in question is Sammy Kanin, a fringe-dwelling talent agent with a
client roster of actors who use and discard him when their careers take off. The
threat of another actor ditching him while filming a ludicrous costume epic in
Romania brings Sammy to the set.

A car accident puts him in a monastery that is home to Max, a lonely giant who
avoids the world that gawks at his size. Max is, of course, soulful and given to
reading Shakespeare. He is, in other words, the kind of anchored and thoughtful
man who has much to teach the wayward Sammy about sticking to the important
things and values in life.

Sammy sees only a ticket to the big time. He finagles a role for Max in the
movie shooting in Romania and then cajoles him into coming to the States.

The film drifts around New York and Las Vegas, where Steven Seagal is making an
action movie and needs a fearsome villain - a part Sammy wants for Max. No film
that takes some well-aimed swipes at Seagal's acting ability can be completely
without merit. It helps atone for the time it takes Sammy to confront his moment
of truth.

Michael Jordan had the good sense to stay in a basketball context in the
gimmicky and entertaining Space Jam. Muresan enjoys better luck on the screen
than the other NBA stars who broke away from the game in their movies. But since
that includes Shaquille O'Neal playing a rap-spouting genie in Kazaam and Dennis
Rodman in the ridiculous Double Team, this is, I admit, faint praise.

MY GIANT * * 1/2

Produced by Billy Crystal, directed by Michael Lehmann, written by David
Seltzer, photography by Michael Coulter, music by Marc Shaiman, distributed by
Sony Pictures Entertainment.

Running time: 1:43

Sammy - Billy Crystal

Max - Gheorghe Muresan

Serena - Kathleen Quinlan

Lilliana - Joanna Pacula

Nick - Zane Carney

Parent's guide: PG (nothing offensive)

Showing at: area theaters

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Review: Film

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Billy Crystal (left) and, showing one of the drawbacks of extreme height,
Gheorghe Muresan in "My Giant."

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                October 24, 2005 Monday 0 South Pinellas Edition

GOOD NEWS

BYLINE: MARC TOPKIN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 378 words


Scott Podsednik is not known for his power, but he showed enough, hitting a
bottom-of-the ninth home run to give the Sox a dramatic win.

BAD  NEWS

Brad Lidge insisted he shook off the aftereffects of last week's monstrous
NLCS-extending home run to Albert Pujols. But he didn't look like it, allowing
the home run to Podsednik.

KEY  MOMENT

The Astros scored twice in the ninth, and Lidge got a quick first out. But he
left a 2-1 pitch over the plate and Podsednik knocked it over the fence.

THEN  AGAIN

Astros manager Phil Garner could have put Lidge right back on the mound in the
easy NLCS pennant clincher and let him get past the memory of Pujols' homer.
Waiting for another tense situation might not have been the best idea.

ANY WAY YOU WANT IT

Historically, the White Sox team song has been considered the chorus from Na Na
Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye. But this year's group plays to a different, and
somewhat unusual, tune - Journey's Don't Stop Believing. Catcher A.J. Pierzynski
said it started as a joke, when several Sox players were in a bar and Joe Crede
yelled for the band to play some Journey. They responded with Don't Stop
Believing - "Just a small town girl . . . " "It took off from there," Pierzynski
said. "Now we go into bars as a team, and we try to get them to play it. And
there always seems to be some way to finagle it."

GETTING STARTED

With Sunday's game, Houston's Andy Pettitte moved into a tie for the second-most
Series starts:

Pitcher           No.

Whitey Ford       22

Waite Hoyt        11

Christy Mathewson 11

Andy Pettitte     11

Chief Bender      10

Red Ruffing       10

Bob Gibson         9

Allie Reynolds     9

Art Nehf           9

Catfish Hunter     9

DESPERATE TIMES

Actor James Denton, the male star of Desperate Housewives, has become quite the
baseball fan, sharing a musical stage with Red Sox pitcher/singer Bronson Arroyo
and showing up at the Series pledging allegiance to the White Sox and Cubs. He
was asked by the Chicago Tribune if he could imagine the Sox being written into
an episode of the show. "I am sure that at some point," he said, "with there
being so much turmoil on Wisteria Lane, I think we can prove that A.J.
Pierzynski causes it."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FROM THE BALLPARK

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (2); PHOTO, Getty Images; Scott Podsednik; Brad Lidge; Houston's
Andy Pettitte preparing to pitch

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                  September 12, 2001 Wednesday, Final Edition

Seek justice, yes, but mourn first

BYLINE: CYNTHIA TUCKER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 556 words


Some have already begun to speak of rage and revenge, but it is yet too soon for
that. For now, we must take a moment or two to grieve. There is time in the days
and weeks ahead to plan retaliation, retribution, justice. But this day is for
mourning.

For all the mothers and fathers who took the daily trip into New York's
financial district for another workday of conferences and faxes and e-mails but
who will never come home again to supervise homework or bake a birthday cake.

For all the stockbrokers and financial analysts who thought the worst thing that
could happen was the dot-com bust, until they found themselves trapped in a
raging inferno with no way out but to jump to a certain death.

For all the young secretaries and administrative assistants and mail clerks who
eagerly planned their evening around the latest hot spot made popular by "Sex
and the City," but whose blackened remains will now be dug out of the rubble of
an ash pit.

For all the busy executives and young professionals who boarded a routine flight
from Boston to Los Angeles to arrive in time for a sales meeting or a pep talk
about hanging tough in a rocky economy, but who found they had stepped into a
nightmare Tom Clancy could not have dreamed up.

For all the tourists who waited until summer was nearly over to make a trip into
New York City to try to finagle a 15-second appearance with Al Roker on "The
Today Show," but whose relatives will now get a dreaded telephone call from New
York disaster authorities.

For all the police officers, paramedics and firefighters who ran instinctively
to the scene to aid the wounded and guide the shellshocked but who were
themselves trapped beneath the rubble of buildings collapsing all around.

For all the dedicated public servants --- some in military uniform, some in
pinstripes --- who showed up for work each day at the Pentagon to keep the
nation safe from distant foes but who never had a chance to fire a shot when
they were set upon by a cowardly enemy who did not distinguish civilians from
soldiers.

If the natural reaction to distant calamity is to draw away and count the
reasons why that could never happen to you --- the United States is not Israel
or Congo or Kosovo --- the terrorist attack on New York and Washington granted
us no such luxury.

Too many of us had family and friends in those buildings or on those airplanes.
And too many of the rest of us have been in the World Trade Center, in the
Pentagon, on those air routes. Too many of us could easily be among the dead.

There can be no turning away this time, no pretending that we are not also
vulnerable. Perhaps that's just as well.

We can turn our new sense of insecurity to good purpose. Now that we know that
evil can find us anywhere --- that there is no sense hiding in gated communities
or private-security enclaves --- we can renew the civic culture. We can recover
a sense of public purpose too often lost to pettiness, selfishness and
narrow-mindedness. We can restore a sense of civic virtue dedicated to a common
good.

But there is time for all of that tomorrow. Today, we grieve for everything we
have lost, including our innocence. Cynthia Tucker is editorial page editor for
The Atlanta Constitution. Her column appears Wednesday and Sunday in the
Constitution. cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Special Report

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 06, 1998, Monday

IMPORT, METS PERFECT PAIR

BYLINE: BY JOHN HARPER

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  57

LENGTH: 683 words


HE IS THE anti-Irabu, so there was plenty to like about Masato Yoshii even
before he went out and dusted the Pirates yesterday with seven innings of
precision pitching. He laughs, he jokes, and rather than smashing videotape, he
pulls up a chair at his locker and chats with the Japanese media at length.

For anyone who has watched the Hideki Irabu soap opera in Yankeeland, it was a
refreshing scene indeed. For the Japanese media it is heaven.

"He is an adult," was the way one Japanese writer described Yoshii yesterday.
"He is not a kid with a short temper. This is his dream, just to pitch in the
major leagues, and he says he is enjoying himself like he is a senior in high
school again. We like to see him do well."

It is all so different from what we saw last year in the Bronx. No one calls
Yoshii the Nolan Ryan of Japan, and there were no tales of an unhittable
fastball to raise expectations.

For that matter, there was no bidding war the Mets are paying him only $ 200,000
plus incentives this season. Above all, however, there is a perception that
Yoshii earned this opportunity in the USA by pitching 10 years in Japan,
fulfilling the league requirement there to become a free agent.

As Bobby Valentine said after Yoshii pitched the Mets to a 7-0 victory
yesterday:

"I'm happy for him and proud of him. He did it the right way. He played his 10
years, he didn't hold a gun to anyone's head and say he wanted a king's ransom
to pitch here."

The inference was obvious. It was Irabu who infuriated people in Japan as well
as America by refusing to play for the Padres and finally coaxing a $ 12.8
million deal out of George Steinbrenner to be a Yankee.

Even Hideo Nomo had to finagle his way to big bucks with the Dodgers, officially
retiring from the Japanese League while in his prime.

Not Yoshii. He's a blue-collar pitcher who has neither Irabu's fastball nor
Nomo's forkball. In fact, he looked a lot more like Rick Reed yesterday than
either of his own countrymen, and that wasn't such a bad thing at all.

Overpowering, no. Effective, yes. He's just the kind of pitcher that hitters
come away muttering about how they went 0-for-4 when they know in their hearts
they should have been 4-for-4.

As the Pirates' Al Martin said, "Today, I got myself out, more or less."

Martin wasn't dissing Yoshii. This wasn't David Justice and the Indians lashing
back at the Irabu hype last year, practically sneering as they labeled him
average. Martin was willing to give Yoshii his due, to a point. But he wasn't
going to kid anyone, either.

"You can tell he's an experienced pitcher," said Martin. "He threw strikes,
worked ahead in the count, and had three good pitches, a fastball, changeup, and
forkball. But it's too early to start calling him the next Nomo or something.

"I remember the first time I faced Nomo, I didn't think I was ever going to get
a hit off him. His forkball was that good. But give (Yoshii) credit. If you
throw strikes and keep your defense ready, you're going to have some success.
Especially with the defense the Mets have."

Yes, Yoshii seems to be a nice fit for this team, a throw-strikes and work-fast
kind of guy willing to let the Gold Gloves behind him do some of the dirty work.
It's an efficient formula that so far is working wonders for the '98 Mets, whose
only error in five games was yesterday's catcher's interference by Alberto
Castillo.

Is it sexy? Depends on your point of view. The Mets aren't going to win New York
over with their star power, as everyone wants to point out, but if they continue
to win with situational execution, brilliant defense, and what seems to be a lot
of heart, they may take their cue from Yoshii, who proved yesterday that you
don't have to be overpowering to be dominant.

We'll see. It's much too early to jump to conclusions, but for the moment at
least, wins are wins. The Mets don't have to be the Yankees to succeed this
season anymore than Yoshii needs Irabu's fastball to be the best Japanese
pitcher in New York or at the very least, the most gentlemanly.


LOAD-DATE: April 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KEITH TORRIE DAILY NEWS HAPPY DAY: Masato Yoshii gives Mets and
banner-waving fan plenty to smile about after shutting down Pirates on three
hits over seven innings for his first major-league win yesterday at Shea.

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 18, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

THECHAT

SECTION: Sports; E02

LENGTH: 588 words


Marc Roberge, 28, the lead singer in the band O.A.R., caught a lingering case of
Buckeye Fever once he arrived at Ohio State after graduating from Wootton High
in Rockville. It doesn't matter to him that Ohio State is playing Florida
instead of Michigan in the national championship game on Jan. 8  --  he figures
the Buckeyes win no matter who they play. Tickets are on sale for O.A.R.'s Jan.
26 show at Patriot Center in Fairfax through www.ofarevolution.com.

How stoked are you for the national championship game?

You have no idea. My brother graduated from Florida. So my brother's a Gator, my
uncle is a Gator. I'm a Buckeye. The whole band, we're all Buckeyes. My brother
is our manager, too, so it's been this thing all year where we've been talking
trash like we never thought [the matchup] would happen. But sure enough, it did.

How do you like OSU's chances?

Aw, man. As much love as I want to give to Florida, I just don't see anyone
being in the same league as we are. I hate to sound cocky, but the Buckeyes are
just playing better football.

What are your plans for watching the game?

I have one of two plans. One plan is going to be me in my apartment with my
brother watching. The other plan is somehow figuring out how to finagle how to
get there. I know our tour manager is going. All my buddies are going. If we can
somehow figure out a way to get there, I think we'll go. It's 50-50 between
watching it on my couch at home, which is totally fine, or watching it at the
game.

The defense has been their most pleasant surprise, it seems.

All offseason, people said, 'Oh, they lost nine starters,' and this, that and
the other. But, man, their defense is so solid. I remember over the first four
games it seemed like they made an interception once every 20 plays.

Have you been to a game this year?

No. I haven't been to any game since, gosh, 2001. When we left school, every
Saturday became work. We don't actually work. We've got five Buckeyes in the
band, [and] our merchandise manager, our tour manager. So on Saturdays, we don't
play, we don't sound check, we don't do anything until the [OSU] game is over.
That's no [lie].

When you're on the road, do you guys just find a bar?

We're fortunate enough to have DirecTV on the buses. In the rare case that we
can't get the game on DirecTV, we'll find a bar somewhere that's showing the
game. It's always tough when you're up in, like, the Northwest and they're
showing all Pac-10 games. DirecTV is great because you can order any game.
They've got, like, ESPN12.

You've gotta be able to watch them beat up on Bowling Green.

I've gotta see the Indiana game every year, you know?

The atmosphere at the Horseshoe seems amazing.

My freshman year, I showed up and they give you tickets. I had tickets in this
cheering section. It's completely not my style. I'm kind of a quiet guy, so I
can't really get into the whole cheering thing. But sure enough, four weeks into
the school year, I'm wearing Buckeye clothes. I mean it gets you. You see this
school spirit thing you never thought you had.

Now their basketball team is pretty sick, too.

Yeah man. We've got Greg Oden now. We were saying how funny it would be if we
ended up playing the Gators in the final of March Madness.

How's the basketball atmosphere at OSU?

It was weak until Michael Redd came. That's honestly what I felt like. I felt
Michael Redd brought some excitement back to Ohio State basketball that I hadn't
seen. Ohio is crazy, man. It's like they breed athletes out there.

--  Rich Campbell

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            June 17, 2009 Wednesday

Poole:

BYLINE: By Monte Poole TRIBUNE Staff columnist

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports

LENGTH: 717 words


THOUGH THE afterglow will continue indefinitely for redemptive superstar Kobe
Bryant, aging gentleman Derek Fisher and the rest of the Lakers, none will savor
this championship more thoroughly than Phil Jackson.

As the NBA championship celebration rolled through Los Angeles on Wednesday, for
a 15th time, Bryant was the man of the moment and Fisher the sentimental
favorite. Jackson, however, is being hailed far and wide as the best of all
time.

Greatest Coach Ever, at all levels ever known, in every sport ever conceived,
since the beginning of time.

Jackson's 10 championships rank No. 1 among those who have coached/managed the
three major American professional sports, ahead of Red Auerbach (NBA, nine),
Casey Stengel (MLB, seven) or Chuck Noll (NFL, four). It's mighty impressive
stuff.

But before we fire up Phil's train to sainthood, let's consider three factors.

One, Jackson took over the Chicago Bulls as Michael Jordan was establishing
himself as the best player in the league, maybe ever.

Two, Jackson arrived in Los Angeles when Shaquille O'Neal was the game's No. 1
big man and Bryant was on the verge of being the game's No. 1 "little" man and
best overall player.

Three, it is widely accepted that the NBA is a player's league. Like a jockey
needs a good horse to win, a coach needs good players.

Jackson is a marvelous coach and a learned man. He has an exceptional
combination of experience (12 seasons as a player, 12 as a head coach in minor
leagues, 20 years as an assistant or head coach in the NBA), signature strategy
(Tex Winter's triangle offense), intellect, passion and serenity. No coach so
effectively uses psychology and wit to motivate and inspire.

Coach Cerebral also is the only coach fortunate enough and opportunistic enough
to finagle a seat next to Jordan for the cream of MJ's career, take a year off,
and return when the league's most attractive job became available.

When Jackson showed up in L.A. in 1999, Shaq and Kobe were waiting. So, too, was
an $8 million annual contract.

Can you say jackpot?

Don't get me wrong. I like Phil. He's an engaging conversationalist,
knowledgeable about many topics, with the mellow spirit of a hippie, the
restless soul of an activist and the fertile brain of a scientist. I can't think
of a coach more worthy of recommendation.

But please. Would Jackson's genius be so evident if he did not have clearly the
best player of one generation, then clearly the best player of the next
generation   in the one major sport where a single player can dramatically alter
a team's trajectory?

No other coach, ever, was blessed with such fortuitous timing and luck.

Jackson's six championships in Chicago were interrupted when Jordan left the NBA
for the better part of two seasons. In neither of those years did the Bulls
advance past the second round.

The Bulls recovered in 1995-96 to win the first of three more titles. After
sinking the game-winning shot in the '98 Finals, MJ saw it as the perfect time
to retire.

Guess who followed Jordan out the door?

Jackson sat out a year. Having won two championships as a player with the Knicks
and six more coaching the Bulls, he was content. Not yet 55, he was a confirmed
success.

But how does a man of such considerable talent and ego decline the best job in
sports?

With the Lakers having gone all of a decade without a title, Lakers owner Dr.
Jerry Buss reached out to Phil in 1999. There was young Shaq, with seven
consecutive top-10 finishes in the MVP voting. And Kobe, only 21 but entering
his fourth season. This is what is referred to as an impressive foundation.

O'Neal and Bryant delivered three titles before Lakers management sent Shaq to
Miami.

Guess who followed Shaq out the door?

Jackson took a year off, returned to the Lakers and coached them to successive
first-round playoff exits.

Handed All-Star big man Pau Gasol in 2008, Jackson took the Lakers back to the
finals. With Bryant and Gasol together for a full year, they won it all.

This is not to say Phil is not a fine coach. He is. But the Best Coach Ever? We
can't go there. We can't conclude he is superior to Bill Walsh or Joe Torre.

We can, however, conclude that Jackson knows gold when he sees it and that he is
the Most Accomplished Coach ever. As legacies go, that's plenty good.

Contact Monte Poole at mpoole@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

Dayton has abundance of water and it's already been tamed

BYLINE: ELLEN BECHER COMMENTARY

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 787 words


Dayton doesn't have beaches, but that shouldn't stop it from crowing about its
water. Several things recently bring that point to mind:

State rich with 'blue gold'

Lt. Gov. Lee Fisher recently visited with the Dayton Daily News editorial board.
In talking about Ohio's future, he said the state will increasingly be promoting
the Great Lakes and the Ohio River.

When other states are having to curb development because lakes, reservoirs and
wells are drying up, Ohio has a good card to play. "Blue gold" and the "new
oil," as water is being called, is one thing the state has in abundance, giving
Ohio a selling point nationally and globally.

By 2030, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development predicts that
half of the world's population will live in places where water will be in short
supply.

In touting this resource, Fisher left out the fact that the Dayton region is
sitting on the Great Miami Buried Valley Aquifer, which extends from Indian Lake
to almost the Ohio River. The aquifer's depth ranges from 30 to 300 feet, the
width from one to three miles. Huge and almost limitless are the apt adjectives.

When told about the aquifer, Fisher was curious, but the resource was news to
him.

Here we have the state's top point person on economic development, and he's
operating on the assumption that all the valuable water is above ground and in
other areas of the state.

Somebody needs to get on Fisher's calendar and get him up to speed, lest the
Dayton area get left out of his promotion, solely out of innocent ignorance.

Oil man turns to water

Business Week recently published, "There will be water," about T. Boone Pickens
locking up water rights from an aquifer in the Texas Panhandle. Pickens intends
to pump the commodity 250 miles to Dallas and then sell it for a tidy profit.

Noting that in Texas, "Whiskey is for drinking. Water's for fighting," the piece
is a jolting reminder of how priceless water is - and how, when there's money to
be made, wheelerdealers can finagle advantages for themselves. The pipeline
alone is going to cost more than a $1 billion. Once an oil man, the 80-year-old
Pickens has already spent over $100 million, and that's not counting what he's
paying for rights-of-way and land.

Here's an excerpt from Susan Berfield's article:

"But like many others, Pickens believes there's a fortune to be made in slaking
the thirst of a rapidly growing population. If he pumps as much as he can, he
could sell about $165 million worth of water to Dallas each year.

" 'The idea that water can be sold for private gain is still considered
unconscionable by many,' said James M. Olson, one of America's pre-eminent
attorneys specializing in water- and land-use law. 'But the scarcity of water
and the extraordinary profits that can be made may overwhelm ordinary public
sensibilities.' "

There's something for Ohio, and especially Dayton, to learn from Texas'
experience. It's awfully hard to understand how one very rich man can pirate so
much of a communal natural resource and use it for personal gain.

Flood protection worth it

Dayton Daily News staff writer Ken McCall, on Wednesday, June 25, examined the
Dayton region's vulnerability to floods, in light of the devastation that has
swamped areas of Iowa and Missouri.

Most everybody has some idea that Daytonians built a bunch of dams after the
1913 flood, and that they had a campaign built around "Remember the promise you
made in the attic."

What gets lost in the history for a lot of us is that the designers of the Miami
Valley's flood protection plan were serious about redundancy. McCall's story
pointed out that the plan easily can compensate for the sort of flood that is
expected only once every 500 years. The worst storm since 1913 was in 1959, and
the area dams only reached 16 percent of their capacity. In today's dollars, the
flood protection plan, according to the Miami Conservancy District, is valued at
$1 billion.

Part of the reason so many levees along the Mississippi River were breached this
year is that flood protection in that area is a patchwork of efforts. There's no
system a la what the conservancy district manages here.

The mayor of a flooded Canton, Mo., 125 miles northwest of St. Louis, told The
New York Times, "It would sure seem better to have this all under one
jurisdiction." Federal reports on previous floods have called precisely for
that.

So there you have it: Unlike so many places, Dayton has plenty of water, and
it's protected from too much water. If somebody ever decides how to market these
facts well, watch out for the people like Pickens.

Ellen Belcher is editor of the Dayton Daily News editorial pages. Her telephone
number is 225-2286; her e-mail address is ebelcher@ DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rescue missions took place in many parts of Dayton after the 1913
flood. Dayton Daily News file photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  May 13, 2005 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

No kudos for candor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 367 words


It is tempting to give Rep. Mike Bilirakis some credit for openly discussing how
his frequent trips to Las Vegas are funded by private groups. After all, other
lawmakers who routinely travel on the tab of special interests are not as
candid. But kudos for transparency are not in order. The Tarpon Springs
Republican accepted $40,000 in travel for himself and family members over eight
years - including eight trips to the country's unofficial gambling capital.

The trips may fall within the letter of House ethics rules, which prohibit
travel paid for by foreign agents and registered lobbyists. But his actions
violate the spirit of guidelines designed to limit the ability of special
interests to influence legislators with expensive trips and entertainment.

Bilirakis accepted trips paid by such groups as the Consumer Electronics
Association, the National Association of Broadcasters and the Pinellas County
Osteopathic Society, according to a report Friday by the St. Petersburg Times'
Anita Kumar. Traveling with his wife, the legislator's individual trips to Las
Vegas cost from $2,500 to $6,000 and were for a myriad of purposes, including
attending conferences and giving speeches.

Admitting most trips can include lots of downtime and that he likes to gamble,
Bilirakis told the Times, "as long as there is complete disclosure, let (the
public) judge." But the public won't have a chance to render a verdict: the
legislator is poised to retire next year.

Bilirakis' use of special interest money for travel contrasts sharply with the
conduct of fellow Republican C.W. Bill Young of Indian Shores. During six years
as chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, Young likely had the chance
to finagle glitzy trips from any number of groups seeking favor from the man
whose committee oversaw all federal spending.

But according to another Times story Friday, Young's privately funded travel
since 2000 totals one trip with his wife to New York City, valued at $287. At a
time when many citizens must scrimp and save to get by, Young's actions serve as
a better example of how legislators should avoid even the appearance of using
their office for private gain.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: EDITORIALS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Rep. Mike Bilirakis

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Kirkus Reviews (Print)

                              June 1, 2014, Sunday

LUCKY US

SECTION: FICTION

LENGTH: 329  words


On a journey from Ohio to Hollywood to Long Island to London in the 1940s, a
couple of plucky half sisters continually reinvent themselves with the help of
an unconventional assortment of friends and relatives.In 1939, 12-year-old Eva
is abandoned by her feckless mother on her father's Ohio doorstep after the
death of his wealthy wife. After a couple of years of neglect, Eva and her
glamorous older half sister, Iris, escape to Hollywood, where Iris embarks on a
promising career in film-until she's caught on camera in a lesbian dalliance
with a starlet, which gets her blacklisted. With the help of a sympathetic gay
Mexican makeup artist as well as their con-artist father, Edgar, who has
recently reappeared in their lives, the girls travel across the country to New
York and finagle jobs at the Great Neck estate of a wealthy Italian immigrant
family.

Hired as a governess, Iris promptly falls in love with the family's pretty cook,
Reenie, inconveniently married to Gus, a likable mechanic of German ancestry. In
this partly epistolary novel interspersed with both first-person and
third-person narration, Bloom (Where the God of Love Hangs Out, 2010, etc.)
tells a bittersweet story from multiple viewpoints. The novel shares the
perspectives of Eva, Iris, Edgar, Gus and Cora, a black nightclub singer who
becomes Edgar's live-in girlfriend and companion to Eva. Though the
letter-writing conceit doesn't always ring true, since it's unlikely that one
sister would recount their shared experiences to the other in letters years
later, the novel works in aggregate, accumulating outlooks to tell a
multilayered, historical tale about different kinds of love and family.Bloom
enlivens her story with understated humor as well as offbeat and unforgettable
characters. Despite a couple of anachronisms, this is a hard-luck coming-of-age
story with heart.

Publication Date: 2014-07-29

Publisher: Random House

Stage: Adult

ISBN: 978-1-4000-6724-4

Price: $26.00

Author: Bloom, Amy

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Blackhawks sign Toews, Kane to extensions

BYLINE: Chris Kuc Tribune, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 586 words


July 10--With Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane now locked in with the Blackhawks
through the 2022-23 season, the future of the franchise appears bright -- with a
hint of storm clouds on the distant horizon.

Two of the NHL's top players aren't going anywhere after Toews and Kane agreed
to terms on identical 8-year, $84 million contract extensions Wednesday, likely
ensuring the Hawks will be Stanley Cup contenders for the next decade or so.

Hawks Chairman Rocky Wirtz, President John McDonough, general manager Stan
Bowman, and the rest of the Hawks' hierarchy recognized and rewarded their young
forwards' rare talent with contracts that will carry salary-cap hits of $10.5
million per year apiece -- the highest in league history -- when they kick in
beginning with the 2015-16 season.

That combined $168 million dedicated long-term to two players carries cap
implications that Bowman will have to work his way through when he assembles
future rosters.

But it was a commitment the organization was more than willing to make,
considering the impact Toews and Kane have had since they entered the NHL
together during the 2007-08 season.

"When we started our journey we made a commitment to our fans to be relevant,
and to see the Chicago Blackhawks become the best professional hockey
organization," Wirtz said in a statement. "There are not two finer symbols of
that than Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane."

Added McDonough: "The signings symbolize an important milestone in franchise
history. We are driven by the pursuit of consistent excellence."

The level of that excellence will hinge on how Bowman, who called Toews and Kane
"cornerstones of this franchise," finagles the cap beginning next season, and
certainly in future ones. The onus is now on the GM to make the finances work.

The Hawks currently sit around $2.2 million above the $69 million cap for
'14-15, and likely will have to make a move to get below it. It could be a
relatively minor one, but now with more than $65 million already committed to 15
players for the '15-16 season, Bowman might start thinking bigger picture sooner
rather than later.

His task will ease some as the cap is expected to rise possibly to as much as
$75 million, thanks in part to the infusion of money from a Canadian TV deal.
While that will help, the numbers don't add up for the Hawks to keep their core
of Toews, Kane, Duncan Keith, Patrick Sharp, Marian Hossa, Corey Crawford, and
Brent Seabrook fully intact beyond next season -- especially with up-and-comer
Brandon Saad in line to receive a substantial raise.

For now, though, the Hawks will bask in the glow of locking up Toews and Kane,
who will be 35 and 34, respectively, when their new contracts expire in 2023.
They are expected to continue adding to résumés that already include Hockey Hall
of Fame-caliber play and instrumental roles in the Hawks capturing Cups in 2010
and '13.

"I could not be more grateful for the amazing moments and opportunities I've
been given," Toews said. "There's no organization in sports that cares more
about the overall experience of their fans and the success of their players.
[This extension] is an incredible honor."

Said Kane, who along with Toews will make $6.5 million next season: "It's great
to be able to continue my career in Chicago. Playing with the best organization
in sports and the best fans in the game is a blessing."

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140710-YG-Blackhawks-sign-Toews-Kane-to-extensions-0710-20140710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Joseph sheds no tears as stellar NHL career closes; Cujo retires after 19 years
as the fourth-winningest goalkeeper in history

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


No tears. Curtis Joseph, the fourth-winningest goaltender in National Hockey
League history, officially exited pro hockey's stage on Tuesday. But there was
no overwrought emotional retirement, no grandiose speech full of self-importance
or maudlin histrionics. Rather he simply delivered a series of thank yous that
punctuated an acceptance that all good things must end.

As the often-absent father of four, he now has more time to be at the rink with
his three hockey-playing sons.

"It's a good day, and it's been a great career. I'm a lucky, lucky guy to do
what I love to do for a living for 19 years, almost two decades," said the
42-year-old, whose even keel was established before the news conference in a
conversation with his longtime agent Don Meehan.

"He said, 'Are you going to be OK with this?' I said 'Donnie, I'm 42, I had a
great run and a great career and enjoyed every minute of it.' "

It could hardly end any other way for a man whose ascension to the upper echelon
of the goaltender fraternity plays like a Disney movie.

Born in Toronto and taken in by adoptive parents as an infant, Joseph's hockey
career began as an undrafted free agent playing tier-two hockey at
Saskatchewan's Notre Dame College.

There, he spent a year with five roommates living in a trailer pierced by cold
Prairie winds as it sat parked hard by the railroad tracks.

Back then, he was poor enough that he needed his school to finagle a way to buy
him new equipment and the shirts and hats sent along with letters of
encouragement from a scout for the Hartford Whalers were enough to get his
attention.

He went on to the University of Wisconsin and from there to the St. Louis Blues
to begin his NHL career.

A unique devotion to Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, whose patients were
regularly treated as the goalie's guests at Maple Leafs games, also played a
role in establishing Joseph as a leader in philanthropy among players.

"I have kids, and I feel appreciative that they are extremely healthy," he said.
"And for me to be able to use my celebrity in a positive way, it was a great
feeling."

About the only aspect of his career not to follow a fairy tale plot was a
consistent failure to win the biggest prizes.

Joseph's stellar goaltending for Canada in the 1996 World Cup of Hockey netted
only silver and he was part of Canada's fourth-place crew at the 1998 Olympic
Games.

At the 2002 Olympics, Joseph lost Canada's first game and then did not play a
minute thereafter while Martin Brodeur backstopped Canada to its first Olympic
gold in 50 years.

While he took several teams deep in the playoffs and is renowned for an overtime
save on Joe Nieuwendyk during Edmonton's playoff win over Dallas in 1997, Joseph
never won a Stanley Cup.

A pair of semifinal appearances with Toronto in 1999 and 2003 were his deepest
forays into post-season play.

"If it wasn't for Curtis then our record would not be nearly what it was," said
Pat Quinn, Joseph's coach with the Maple Leafs. "Frankly, in my opinion, we had
a good enough team with him that we maybe should have won one or two Cups. We
didn't get it done, but it certainly wasn't because of him."

Joseph was far more improvisational acrobat than clinical technician, and Steve
Thomas lauded his former teammate and opponent for always keeping his team in
games.

"He was one of those guys that was able to get something in front of anything
even though it looked like it was going to be a sure goal," Thomas said.

"We knew that we could take chances because we had Cujo back here to make a save
for us."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The National Post; Longtime NHL goaltender Curtis Joseph, left, sits with
sons Tristan, 15, and Taylor, 13, prior to announcing his retirement from the
league on Tuesday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                             July 8, 2000, Saturday

Harry Potter fans line up before midnight

BYLINE: AGNES BLUM, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 275 words


Draped in a red cape, adorned with a lightning bolt scar and wielding a gold
wand, Blake Nguyen was a dead-ringer for Harry Potter.

Or so the 11-year-old hoped.

By 10 p.m., the Harry Potter look-alike contest winner at Books-A-Million on
Oleander Drive would be decided. First prize was a copy of the fourth book in
the series, which was to be awarded at 12:01 a.m. today.

Blake sat cross-legged, munching on a free sandwich, killing time. It was only
9:20, but his grandparents had assured him they would be in it for the long
haul. Barnes & Noble joined Books-A-Million in staying open past midnight Friday
to allow die-hard Harry Potter fans to purchase the latest installment in the
series. The stores then closed at 1 a.m. and 1:30 a.m., respectively, and were
to reopen this morning.

But this morning wasn't soon enough for many fans.

Other kids, like Lauren Hare, tried to finagle late-night guarantees from their
parents..

Lauren's mom hadn't decided if they would stick it out, but if it were up to
Lauren they would surely be at Books-A-Million when the clock struck midnight.

Lauren, who traveled from Leland with her mom, said she has read each Harry
Potter book five or six times.

"I cried when I finished the last book," the 9-year-old said. "Because it was
over."

Harry Potter fans are a devout lot indeed. At the Barnes & Noble bookstore on
South College Road, Wesley Robertson and his mom were casing the joint at 9 p.m.
The 12-year-old was adamant about being there at midnight. Echoing the fears of
Harry Potter fans burning the midnight oil around the city, he said, "I'm afraid
it'll be sold out."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                               December 10, 2010

A Renegade returns

SECTION: NEWS; TV; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 362  words


Former ABC and RDF USA exec Greg Goldman is returning to his roots, setting up
shop at Renegade 83.

Goldman has sealed an overall production deal for his Blackbird TV shingle at
Renegade. The producer began his career there as head of development before
moving on to the Alphabet net.

"When he left, it was a big disappointment for us," said Renegade partner David
Garfinkle. He lauded his once and future colleague as "a really smart producer
and a ferocious developer. He's out there and knows what buyers need. And he's
got a great eye for talent and material."

Goldman said he's bullish on the reality space. With fewer foreign formats
making their way across the pond these days, the timing's right for homegrown
production, he said.

"Everybody feels like the environment is stale, and a lot of what we've seen is
the same stuff being recycled again and again," Goldman said. "The resurgence in
comedy and drama is forcing reality to get better too."

Goldman said he originally came to Hollywood as an aspiring sitcom writer but
became hooked on Renegade's syndie dating show hit "Blind Date." "Late one night
I saw one of the first episodes of 'Blind Date' and totally freaked out," he
said. "These guys were reinventing TV. There had never been a show like that. I
was lucky to then finagle my way into a job."

After leaving Renegade, Goldman handled shows such as "Wife Swap" and "The
Bachelor" at ABC and then helped launch RDF USA, developing shows such as
"Shaq's Big Challenge," "Don't Forget the Lyrics" and "Secret Millionaire."

This year, he helped launch the TV-centric social networking site PlayPhilo as
chief creative officer. He'll continue to spend some time on that venture while
refocusing his production energy at Renegade.

"These guys have been on fire, selling 14 projects in the past year," Goldman
said.

Renegade's roster includes Discovery's "Man, Woman, Wild" and new series "The
Assailant" plus special "The Kennedy Detail." At CBS TV Distribution, Renegade
is producing the dating/competition show "Excused." Company is also in its
second season with syndie series "Smash Cuts," and it has projects set up at
Lifetime, G4, Style, Bravo and Sundance.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           June 25, 1993, Friday, AM

Meg's restless destiny

BYLINE: By Craig MacInnis TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1117 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


   LOS ANGELES - "When a good piece of writing comes along, which doesn't happen
very often, you jump up and down."

In hindsight, Meg Ryan knows that she has sometimes allowed herself to "jump"
too soon.

Think of her mistreatment at the hands of Oliver Stone in The Doors, where her
role as groupie-accoutrement to Val Kilmer's brooding rock poet was not only
ridiculous but sexually demeaning.

There was also the misspent zaniness of Joe Versus The Volcano and her early
years as a soap actress on As The World Turns and . . . .

Well, Ryan isn't here to review her checkered career choices.

She's here to wax enthusiastic over her co-starring role in Sleepless In
Seattle, which reunites her with Nora Ephron, the writer responsible for Ryan's
finest comedic performance to date.

That would be in When Harry Met Sally . . . , a movie that proved Ryan's
penchant for light romantic comedy and ensured her place in the pantheon for her
mock orgasm in front of a restaurant full of scandalized patrons.

Ryan, 31 and married to actor Dennis Quaid - they have a young son - seems happy
to be back working with a woman whose vision is close, if not identical, to her
own.

"She happens to be an amazing writer and I can't believe she likes me on any
level," Ryan says of Ephron, and the self-deprecation seems distressingly
genuine.

An acquaintance of Ryan's recently confided: "Meg always needs boosting up. You
have to convince her how good she can be."

In Sleepless, Ryan plays a young Baltimore reporter who responds to the quiet
siren-call of destiny.

After hearing a young widower (played by Tom Hanks) spill his heart on a
syndicated radio talk-show, Ryan's character, Annie, secretly proceeds to
finagle a meeting, undeterred by his Seattle address or the fact she's never
laid eyes on him.

The theme of the picture is destiny, and that's a concept Ryan says she had no
trouble relating to.

"This is an amazing story, but years before I met my husband, I was living in
New York doing a soap opera and he was there and it turned out we lived within a
block of each other.

"But this is something we only talked about years and years later. And I
remember this one day I was walking up Amsterdam Ave. to this 'macro' food store
and I had this blue, weird sweater on.

"He said to me one day, years and years later: 'I saw you one time when you were
walking up the street and you were swinging your hands like this and you had on
this weird blue-green sweater.'

"You know, I didn't notice him and I wasn't an actress he'd know about at all,
it was . . .  I don't know."

If Ryan feels destiny has been a force in her private affairs, she's never felt
quite the same pull when it's come to career moves. Her path has been
determinedly erratic.

She's been criticized for some of those choices, too, particularly by feminists
who feel she hasn't essayed enough "strong heroine" roles.

Don't expect that to change any time soon.

"My character (in Sleepless) really is defined by the men in her life," Ryan
admits. "She becomes obsessed with a person.

"But it's a romantic comedy. It's not a film you take seriously in a feminist
tone.

"Besides, I don't think it's about picking parts that are about being a
feminist. I think the way you do that well is to play complicated people when
you get the opportunity.

"This is not a movie about complicated characters, it's about an idea.

"I think that we do women a disservice if we only play 'heroines' in that sense.
I had a lot of fun because I just played this real white-trash loser in Texas in
a movie (the working title is Flesh And Bone) with Dennis (Quaid).

"I kept thinking how great this is to play somebody who doesn't win, who isn't
somebody that you admire on any level. She's just human.

"I think that's what does women the most benefit."

Ryan, a former homecoming queen in her hometown of Fairfield, Conn., takes great
pains to distance herself from her onscreen characters.

It's part of America's obsession with literalism - you are what you do - that
she's expected to behave like one of her fictional creations.

(During another interview with her a few years ago, she complained that she
found it hard to walk into restaurants after When Harry Met Sally. People kept
making rude comments.)

"It's always interesting the labels that get put on you when it's not in your
life at all," she says with a breezy shrug.

As for Sleepless, she confirms that she's never pursued any one - not even her
husband - with the sort of headstrong bent that Annie exhibits.

"I think the closest I ever got to that sort of thing was one time when I was
really little - well, not little, but a teenager - and we went to a Tom Petty
concert. We were all trying to meet him.

"It was, like: 'You stake out the elevator!' 'I'll take the stairs!'

She laughs: "We met him, it turned out. But he didn't want anything to do with
us."

As a mother in her 30s, and with homes in California and Montana, Ryan knows
she's a long way from those giddy teen years, although part of her remains
youthfully - almost naively - effervescent.

"I honestly have only recently in my life understood 'the female dilemma,'
namely being a mother," she announces.

"There is so much that is required of you. When I got pregnant I joined this
whole new club of women, and everyone told me things.

"I thought, 'Migawd, if men (could get) pregnant, we would know what happens in
the first trimester. It would be institutionalized, it would be common knowledge
.

"But all of a sudden I got into this 'secret' club, except it's huge and vast.

"So only recently have I understood, in my gut, what the female dilemma is.

"What I'm saying is, I didn't get it. I didn't get the complexity of it. It was
like a door opened and I was introduced to this whole way of thinking."

Whether motherhood will end up altering Ryan's professional attitudes, she isn't
sure.

But she knows she's increasingly attracted to roles that involve a certain
complexity of disposition. ( Sleepless being the recent exception.)

"The older I get the more I see the world in the gray area instead of the black
and white.

"It's a nice thing about growing up that you don't see things so easily. You go
to that middle area where some things are sort of right and they're sort of
wrong at the same time.

"That's where the problem with women in films comes in, that the writers aren't
out there to convey that, and there aren't that many directors, really, who
understand those things.

"A lot of the time those kind of problems aren't very filmic because they're so
internal. But I know that's where the interesting work lies."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO: MEG RYAN: Destiny - the theme of her latest movie -has
also played a major role in her personal life.

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

You Otto know what this American Housewife is thinking; The TV universe is
constantly expanding, and new channels and shows vie for attention just as much
as old favourites. Here are the best bets on the box

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 553  words


American Housewife

The premiere of this new series, which debuted on its originating network ABC on
Tuesday, is being rebroadcast on a Canadian network tonight. The show stars Katy
Mixon (Mike Molly) as Katie Otto, a confident, unapologetic, plump wife and
mother of three, raising her flawed family in the wealthy town of Westport,
Conn., filled with "perfect" mommies and their "perfect" offspring. She lets
viewers in on her most unfiltered thoughts - through voice-over - as she lives
her life as the second fattest housewife in Westport. Diedrich Bader (The Drew
Carey Show) portrays her husband. (CTV)

Firsthand

This documentary series' latest instalment is the revealing Being Greene, which
spotlights a seemingly fun-loving family of performers - including patriarch
Dave Greene, an Elvis tribute artist; mom Roxie, a writer; and sons Quinn and
Kane, an actor and a beat-boxer, respectively - aired on the CBC earlier in the
week. The family's sunny facade masks a secret, however: the clan is fighting
mental illness. Quinn, the caregiver, struggles to cope with Dave's hoarding,
Kane's anxiety and suicidal thoughts, and Roxie's unipolar depressive disorder.
According to the Canadian Mental Health Association, 20 per cent of Canadians
will experience some form of mental illness during their lifetime. (CBC
Newsworld)

Movie: The Internship

In their third film together, Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson star as two
old-school, unemployed salesmen who finagle internships at Google, then must
compete with significantly younger, smarter candidates for prime positions.
Dylan O'Brien (Teen Wolf) and Rose Byrne (Damages) also star. As well, watch for
Will Ferrell in an uncredited cameo. (Slice)

Movie: The Innocents

Henry James's spooky novella The Turn of the Screw has been adapted for film,
theatre and even the operatic stage, but perhaps never as effectively as in this
spellbinding yet subtle 1961 black-and-white film from director Jack Clayton.
Deborah Kerr is heartbreakingly good as a neurotic governess who suspects that
her two new charges are possessed by the spirits of the previous governess and
her lover. (TCM)

Movie: Empire of the Sun

Widely dismissed as a pretty yet hollow film upon its 1987 release, Steven
Spielberg's account of an English boy's life in a Second World War internment
camp in Japanese-occupied China has met with more enthusiasm from critics and
audiences in recent years, although Allen Daviau's Oscar-nominated
cinematography was loudly applauded from Day 1. Twelve-year-old Christian Bale -
long before his Batman days - is at the centre of the film, which also stars
heavyweight

John Malkovich. (Encore)

Movie: R.L. Stine's Mostly Ghostly: Have You Met My Ghoulfriend?

In this 2014 horror-comedy sequel to 2008's Mostly Ghostly: Who Let the Ghosts
Out?, Ryan Ochoa stars as teenager Max Doyle, who is seriously smitten with
beautiful classmate Cammy Cahill (played by Bella Thorne, of Scream fame). When
he finally scores a date with her for Halloween, however, Phears (Charlie
Hewson), an evil ghost with plans to take over the world, unleashes his ghouls
and things go haywire. Max recruits two ghostly friends, Tara and Nicky (Madison
Pettis, Roshon Fegan), to help spoil the spectre's scheme. (The Family Channel)
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Leafs' 'Cujo' retires

BYLINE: Jeremy Sandler, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


No tears.

Curtis Joseph, the fourth-winningest goaltender in National Hockey League
history, officially exited pro hockey's stage on Tuesday. But there was no
overwrought emotional retirement, no grandiose speech full of self-importance or
maudlin histrionics. Rather he simply delivered a series of thank yous that
punctuated an acceptance that all good things must end.

As the often-absent father of four, he now has more time to be at the rink with
his three hockey-playing sons.

"It's a good day, and it's been a great career. I'm a lucky, lucky guy to do
what I love to do for a living for 19 years, almost two decades," said the
42-year-old, whose even keel was established before the news conference in a
conversation with his longtime agent Don Meehan.

"He said, 'Are you going to be OK with this?' I said 'Donnie, I'm 42, I had a
great run and a great career and enjoyed every minute of it.' "

It could hardly end any other way for a man whose ascension to the upper echelon
of the goaltender fraternity plays like a Disney movie.

Born in Toronto and taken in by adoptive parents as an infant, Joseph's hockey
career began as an undrafted free agent playing tier-two hockey at Wilcox's
Athol Murray College of Notre Dame.

There, he spent a year with five roommates living in a trailer pierced by cold
Prairie winds as it sat parked hard by the railroad tracks.

Back then, he was poor enough that he needed his school to finagle a way to buy
him new equipment, and the shirts and hats sent along with letters of
encouragement from a scout for the Hartford Whalers were enough to get his
attention.

He went on to the University of Wisconsin and from there to the St. Louis Blues
to begin his NHL career.

A unique devotion to Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, whose patients were
regularly treated as the goalie's guests at Maple Leafs games, also played a
role in establishing Joseph as a leader in philanthropy among players.

"I have kids, and I feel appreciative that they are extremely healthy," he said.
"And for me to be able to use my celebrity in a positive way, it was a great
feeling."

About the only aspect of his career not to follow a fairy tale plot was a
consistent failure to win the biggest prizes.

Joseph's stellar goaltending for Canada in the 1996 World Cup of Hockey netted
only silver and he was part of Canada's fourth-place crew at the 1998 Olympic
Games.

At the 2002 Olympics, Joseph lost Canada's first game and then did not play a
minute thereafter while Martin Brodeur backstopped Canada to its first Olympic
gold in 50 years.

While he took several teams deep in the playoffs and is renowned for an overtime
save on Joe Nieuwendyk during Edmonton's playoff win over Dallas in 1997, Joseph
never won a Stanley Cup.

A pair of semifinal appearances with Toronto in 1999 and 2003 were his deepest
forays into post-season play.

"If it wasn't for Curtis then our record would not be nearly what it was," said
Pat Quinn, Joseph's coach with the Maple Leafs. "Frankly, in my opinion, we had
a good enough team with him that we maybe should have won one or two Cups. We
didn't get it done, but it certainly wasn't because of him."

Joseph was far more improvisational acrobat than clinical technician, and Steve
Thomas lauded his former teammate and opponent for always keeping his team in
games.

"He was one of those guys that was able to get something in front of anything
even though it looked like it was going to be a sure goal," Thomas said. "We
knew that we could take chances because we had Cujo back here to make a save for
us."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Canwest News Service; Curtis Joseph announced his retirement
Tuesday in Toronto.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2010 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Cujo hangs up the pads after 'a great run'; Official retirement; Joseph retires
with fourth most NHL victories

BYLINE: Jeremy Sandler, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - No tears.

Curtis Joseph, the fourth-winning-est goaltender in National Hockey League
history, officially exited pro hockey's stage yesterday. But there was no
overwrought emotional retirement, no grandiose speech full of self-importance or
maudlin histrionics . Rather he simply delivered a series of thank yous that
punctuated an acceptance that all good things must end.

As the often-absent father of four, he now has more time to be at the rink with
his three hockey-playing sons.

"It's a good day, and it's been a great career. I'ma lucky, lucky guy to do what
I love to do for a living for 19 years, almost two decades," said the
42-year-old, whose even keel was established before the news conference in a
conversation with his long-time agent Don Meehan.

"He said, 'Are you going to be OK with this?' I said 'Donnie, I'm 42, I had a
great run and a great career and enjoyed every minute of it.' "

It could hardly end any other way for a man whose ascension to the upper echelon
of the goaltender fraternity plays like a Disney movie.

Born in Toronto and taken in by adoptive parents as an infant, Joseph's career
began as an undrafted free agent playing tier-two hockey at Saskatchewan's Notre
Dame College.

There, he spent a year with five roommates living in a trailer pierced by cold
Prairie winds as it sat parked hard by the railroad tracks.

Back then, he was poor enough that he needed his school to finagle a way to buy
him new equipment, and the shirts and hats sent along with letters of
encouragement from a scout for the Hartford Whalers were enough to get his
attention.

He went on to the University of Wisconsin and from there to the St. Louis Blues
to begin his NHL career.

A unique devotion to Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, whose patients were
regularly treated as the goalie's guests at Maple Leafs games, also played a
role in establishing Joseph as a leader in philanthropy among players.

"I have kids, and I feel appreciative that they are extremely healthy," he said.
"And for me to be able to use my celebrity in a positive way, it was a great
feeling."

About the only aspect of his career not to follow a fairytale plot was a
consistent failure to win the biggest prizes.

Joseph's stellar goaltending for Canada in the 1996 World Cup netted only
silver, and he was part of Canada's fourth-place crew at the 1998 Olympic Games
in Nagano. At the 2002 Olympics, Joseph lost Canada's first game and then did
not play a minute thereafter, while Martin Brodeur backstopped the nation to its
first Olympic men's hockey gold in 50 years.

While he took several teams deep in the playoffs and is renowned for an overtime
save on Joe Nieuwendyk during Edmonton's playoff win over Dallas in 1997, Joseph
never won a Stanley Cup. A pair of semifinal appearances with Toronto in 1999
and 2003 were his deepest forays into post-season play.

"If it wasn't for Curtis then our record would not be nearly what it was," said
Pat Quinn, Joseph's coach with the Maple Leafs, in a phone interview. "Frankly,
in my opinion, we had a good enough team with him that we maybe should have won
one or two Cups. We didn't get it done, but it certainly wasn't because of him."

Joseph was far more improvisational acrobat than clinical technician, and Steve
Thomas lauded his former teammate for always keeping his team in games.

"He was one of those guys that was able to get something in front of anything,
even though it looked like it was going to be a sure goal," Thomas said. "We
knew that we could take chances because we had Cujo back here to make a save for
us."

Although he spent less than a quarter of his career with Toronto and earned only
138 of his 454 career wins wearing the blue and white of his hometown team,
Joseph said Toronto marked the high point of his career.

His first four-year stint with the Leafs ended somewhat bitterly when contract
negotiations broke down and Joseph jumped to the Detroit Red Wings to replace
Dominik Hasek, who had retired after the Wings won the Cup in 2002.

The Red Wings flamed out in Joseph's first trip to the playoffs and Hasek's
surprise return to the NHL created an logjam of goalies that ultimately saw the
veteran Joseph accept a minor-league assignment.

"You make the best decisions at the time, and at the time I felt it was my best
opportunity to win a Stanley Cup," he said.

"Obviously my heart is always in Toronto and always has been. I'm in a great
spot where I am in life now and I don't think I'd change the past that has
gotten me to where I am today."

jsandler@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Peter J. Thompson, National Post; Curtis Joseph clawed his way from
an undrafted free-agent playing tier-two hockey to NHL stardom.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 17, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

on the list

BYLINE: TOM HORGEN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: VARIETY; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 281 words


Mr. Jackson DJs

At one point he was one of rap and RB's biggest hitmakers, but nowadays Jermaine
Dupri is most often mentioned as Janet Jackson's ex-hubby. Even so, the man's
ability to rock a party is legendary. Dupri will DJ/host a Marion Barber
Foundation party at 400 Soundbar Friday night. I'm assuming that Cowboys running
back Barber will also take on some hosting duties, although that's unclear, as
is the purpose of the benefit. Chances are that won't matter to clubgoers
interested in shaking it to Dupri's soundtrack.

10 p.m. Fri. 400 3rd Av. N., Mpls. $20. 612-338-3083. 400soundbar.com

Spicing up the Left

One of the country's most popular progressive radio hosts, Stephanie Miller,
brings her Sexy Liberal Comedy Tour to the State Theatre Saturday. She'll be
joined by the very funny Hal Sparks and John Fugelsang, her occasional sidekicks
mornings on AM950. She recently told the Star Tribune's C.J. to expect some
fresh Weiner jokes. Tantalizing.

8 p.m. Sat. 805 Hennepin Av. S., Mpls. $29-$79. 1-800-982-2787. www.hennepin
theatretrust.org.

Pedal Pub takeover

As if we don't see enough of these foot-powered, rolling keggers in northeast
Minneapolis, the race to end all races is back. Yep, the second annual Northeast
Pedal Pub Races will be staged Sunday near Surdyk's parking lot. It might be too
late to sign up, but you can still watch. Jack Klatt the Cat Swingers will
perform in front of Surdyk's, and the Chef Shack food truck will be on hand to
feed the masses. If you're able to finagle a spot this late in the game, you'll
need a team of eight to 10 people and the $150 entry fee.

11 a.m.-7 p.m. Sun. 303 E. Hennepin Av., Mpls. www.northeastminneapolis.com.

TOM HORGEN

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            October 13, 2006 Friday
                                   1 Edition

review;
Empty campaign promise;
'Man of the Year' is a great idea that goes terribly awry.

BYLINE: By CRAIG OUTHIER; The Orange County Register

SECTION: SHOW; Pg. Movies3_M

LENGTH: 504 words


What if Americans were so fed up with craven, camera-ready politics that they
actually elected a stand-up comic to the Oval Office? Two-drink minimum at state
dinners? Louis Anderson for veep? It's a halfway funny idea that goes
impeachably bad in Barry Levinson's "Man of the Year," a contrived, tone-deaf
medley of satire and intrigue that makes a mockery out of making a mockery.

Writer-director Levinson -- who plumbed the subterfuge of politics with a lot
more skill and wit in "Wag the Dog" (1997) -- can't quite swallow his own
premise. That is, that a Jon Stewart-style talk-show host named Tom Dobbs (Robin
Williams) could use "the power of the Internet and the cult of personality" to
score a dark-horse victory in the U.S. presidential election. So Levinson hedges
his bets. Dobbs ascends to the presidency not on a wave of popular support, but
-- hold on to your hanging chads! -- by virtue of a computer glitch in the
country's new digital voting system. How knock-your-socks-off plausible.

While Dobbs says funny things about masturbation and lesbians to a baffled but
oddly complacent media, whistle-blower Eleanor Green (Laura Linney) is shown the
door by the Silicon Valley tech firm that ignored her glitch memo. The scenes
with Linney strike a discordantly heavy note in Levinson's otherwise
bantam-weight script, yielding bizarre, fake-feeling encounters like the one in
which Eleanor poses as an FBI agent, finagles her way past the Secret Service
and confronts the president-elect at a private party for Dobbs' ailing talent
manager (Christopher Walken). Preposterously, romantic sparks fly and Levinson
turns it into a pick-up scene.

How much funnier "Man of the Year" might have been had Levinson followed through
on the fantasy-fulfillment side of things (a la "Dave," the similar Kevin Kline
vehicle and a vastly more worthwhile effort). After his victory, what outrageous
act of political disobedience does Dobbs -- the self-styled smasher of the
status quo -- go out and do? He plays paintball.

Through it all, Dobbs -- and more importantly, the people around him -- act like
he's won a celebrity chili cook-off,  not the highest office in the land. And
that feels like just another campaign promise, unfulfilled.

'Man of the Year'

*Stars:Robin Williams, Laura Linney, Christopher Walken

*Behind the scenes:Written and directed by Barry Levinson

*Playing:Opens today throughout Orange County

*Rating:PG-13 for language, including some crude sexual references, drug-related
material and brief violence)

*Running time:1 hour, 52 minutes

The quick hit

Barry Levinson's tale of a cable TV talk-show host (Robin Williams) who rides a
grass-roots campaign to the Oval Office is a contrived, tone-deaf medley of
satire and intrigue that never fulfills its promise. Political comedy as
usual.Grade: D

ELECTION DAY SATIRE:Robin Williams, flanked by Lewis Black, left, and
Christopher Walken, prepares for a press conference in his portrayal of
comedian-turned-candidate Tom Dobbs.

800-536-3251 or   couthier@freedom.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             May 28, 2003 Wednesday

Why the Cardinals Need a New Formula

BYLINE: By TIM MARCHMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 682 words


Why aren't the St. Louis Cardinals in first place? They spent the last couple of
weeks beating on the first-place Cubs, they have three players in the top five
in the National League in On-Base Plus Slugging Percentage (OPS), their no. 1
and no. 2 starters have a combined ERA of 2.23 in 153 innings, and their defense
is by acclamation the best in the league. The bullpen, which has been without
the services of former Met phenom Jason Isringhausen, has been unexceptional
(7-11, 4.10 ERA), but aside from the plus-6 ERAs of Jeff Fassero and Russ
Springer, no one has performed really badly. Great hitting, starting pitching
and defense, and a solid bullpen - what's the problem?

Essentially this: The Cardinals's talent distribution looks like a diamond,
rather than the more acceptable pyramid. A team with Scott Rolen, Jim Edmonds,
Albert Pujols, and puzzlingly underappreciated shortstop Edgar Renteria (.888
OPS this year, with good defense) can afford to carry an average hitter like
Fred McGriff at a corner position. Unfortunately, they don't have a
league-average hitter there, but rather Tino Martinez, one of the most overrated
players of his generation. The telegenic Floridian gives every evidence of being
done as a major league hitter. He's hitting just about as well as notorious bad
hitter Mike Matheny, who is at least a good defensive catcher.

The Cards are also paying the cost of Tony LaRussa's infatuation with scrappy,
incompetent bench players; 305 at-bats have gone to Orlando Palmeiro, Miguel
Cairo, Eduardo Perez, and the now-disabled Eli Marrero, none of whom can hit.
League-average production from first base and the bench should be easy to find,
but the task is apparently too much for Tony LaRussa, and he thus sees undone
all the good things his core hitters are doing. There is a similar problem with
the rotation. In nine starts, former Italian Olympian Jason Simontacchi has a
7.57 ERA, and has given the team a chance to win in only half his starts. A team
in a pennant race can't simply punt the No. 5 slot in its rotation. Again, the
top players simply compensate for the roster's dregs.

What is the relevance of this to New York baseball? A much-rumored
Mets-Cardinals deal that would send Roberto Alomar and flotsam west in exchange
for Fernando Vina and jetsam. The deal is now off due to Vina's recent injury,
but the teams should still be able to work something out. The Mets are like a
car with fuzzy dice and neon lights under the running board, but no engine; the
Cardinals have the exact opposite problem. Mets fans must hope Steve Phillips
can finagle oft-injured outfielder J.D. Drew out from the hands of shrewd St.
Louis GM Walt Jocketty; were Drew ever to stay healthy, he'd be exactly what the
Mets need, a young No. 3 hitter with a future. Laying hands on him wouldn't make
up for all Phillips' past idiocy, but it would be a start.

*** 46 1369 165 1380

Speaking of past idiocy, Gary Sheffield, the man who would have been a Met had
Phillips been willing to part with Jay Payton after the 2001 season, is now the
front-runner for the National League MVP award. With 25 walks and a surprising 9
steals to go with his 27 extra-base hits and .354 batting average, Sheffield is
actually having his typical season, only in the middle of a good lineup and in a
neutral park (rather than pitcher-friendly, hitter-unfriendly Dodger Stadium).
It's good to see him finally get credit for being one of the most devastating
hitters in the game.

Keep in mind that he played the last decade in the cavernous parks of Los
Angeles and Miami. His best season came just before the big hitting explosion
(in 1992, when as a third baseman he challenged for the Triple Crown), and a
third of the games he's played in his career have been at third base or
shortstop. He remains better known for being a jerk than for being a hitter of
roughly the quality of Edgar Martinez, but it's interesting to reflect that the
most comparable hitter to Sheffield in all of baseball history - at least,
according to the similarity scores atbaseballreference.com- is Dick Allen.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 31, 2003, Friday

FILM: THE BIG PICTURE - TAKING US FOR A RIDE;
 CATCH ME IF YOU CAN (12A) DIRECTOR STEVEN SPIELBERG STARRING LEONARDO

BYLINE: ANTHONY QUINN Automatic pilot: Frank Abagnale Jnr (Leonardo DiCaprio)
impersonates a Pan Am co-pilot in Spielberg's Catch Me If You Can'

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 914 words


Steven Spielberg, having glimpsed the brave new world of the future in Minority
Report, now opens a window on to the innocence of the past in Catch Me If You
Can. A comedy of imposture, it is based on the autobiography of Frank W Abagnale
Jnr, a young man whose exploits during the second half of the Sixties would earn
him a reputation as one of the greatest con artists America had ever seen. It's
smart, good-looking entertainment that absorbs for more than two hours yet
almost instantly evaporates once you leave the cinema.

Frank (Leonardo DiCaprio), who has watched his beloved father fail in business
and in marriage, responds to this hurt by launching an audacious series of
scams: he first passes himself off as a Pan Am co-pilot, having twigged that it
is far easier for a man in uniform to earn a stranger's trust. Riding for free
in the cockpit jump seat and bouncing cheques from state to state, Frank becomes
the Pimpernel of American fraud. In his brief career, which also involves
impersonating an ER doctor in Georgia and an attorney in Louisiana, he manages
to finagle more than $ 4m of the bank's money. The squeaks become narrower once
FBI agent Carl Hanratty (Tom Hanks) gets on his case, having made the alarming
discovery that this young pretender really is young - a teenager, in fact.

Spielberg, in an altogether looser mode than usual, makes Frank's
resourcefulness perversely admirable and droll. The boy has started from scratch
after all, and who would have imagined the forgery of Pan Am paychecks should
begin with steaming the company logo off model aeroplanes? Leonardo DiCaprio,
badly out of his depth in Gangs of New York, is far more assured as this career
impostor, and one can see how his boyish and strangely impenetrable good looks
might take people in. Like a good magician he understands about misdirection,
but he also has an amazingly cool nerve: when the FBI man bursts into Frank's
motel room where evidence of his forgery is strewn all over, he simply switches
masks and convinces Hanratty that he himself is an investigator from the
Financial Department. The film looks back to a more trusting age, of course,
when ID checks were less stringent and paranoia over crime wasn't so hysterical.
The brio of the Sixties is worked into the movie's fabric, from the superbly
slinky title sequence (think Blue Note jazz album meets Pink Panther) right down
to Tom Hanks's dark suit and porkpie hat, themselves a retro-tribute to the
carefree glamour of Sinatra on the cover of Come Fly With Me. (The song is
blasted out, needless to say, as Frank strolls into Miami airport surrounded by
a bevy of trolley dollies.) The era is there too in the medical dramas Frank
watches on daytime television: how else will he know how to behave in the
emergency room if he doesn't study Doctor Kildare? One can imagine the young
Spielberg glued to the same TV dramas, only he was checking the way the director
worked, not the actors.

There's a moment when Frank watches Sean Connery in Goldfinger exercising his
laconic charm on Pussy Galore. (He soon has an immaculate three-piece suit made
up exactly like Connery's.) This hints, in a veiled fashion, at the real Frank
Abagnale's motivation as a con man: on his own admission, he wanted to get laid.
But Spielberg, all too characteristically, won't deal with the messy, grown-up
business of sex. There is surely no other mainstream director of his generation
who has so skittishly avoided the subject. In the film's retelling (the script
is by Jeff Nathanson) Frank's reason for fleeing home and plunging into
conmanship is - you'll never guess - the trauma of parental absence.

Christopher Walken is very good as Frank's father, but no sooner have we
witnessed his uxorious devotion to his wife (Nathalie Baye) than the marriage is
suddenly collapsing and Walken is being arrested for tax evasion. So it was a
broken home that caused young Frank to stray. For Heaven's sake, you think,
can't Spielberg obsess about something else for a change?

The answer is, apparently not. Frank is not only marooned from his parents, he
doesn't have any friends either, which his pursuer eventually twigs when Frank
calls him one Christmas Eve: "You've got no one else to talk to!" Hanratty
laughs down the phone. The virtuoso escape artist has found the one trap he
can't wriggle out of - his own lonely self. His need for imposture might have
prompted something more unsettling and dark, a bit like Tom Ripley's desire to
be "a fake somebody instead of a real nobody". But Spielberg again chooses a
soft landing for his hero, and has the FBI man conceiving a sort of paternal
affection for his quarry, to the point where he actually becomes his protector
against the draconian ranks of the French police (Frank's paper trail has
fetched up in France, the home of his mother).

The idea that the Fed and the fugitive somehow need one another isn't new - it
has become the staple of nearly every manhunt picture made in Hollywood. Wrapped
tight with Spielberg's soft-focus sentiment for the "lost child", and you may
begin to see why Catch Me If You Can isn't quite the rip-roaring chase comedy
that the trailer had promised. It has its moments of exuberance, its felicities
of design, and as an overall experience it beats the pants off heavy-spirited
schmaltz like Amistad and A.I. (his worst film?). But in the end, like the
cheques its hero forges, it doesn't survive close inspection.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Independent Print Ltd


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          November 29, 2006 Wednesday

Small bowls can matter;
SJSU'S MODEL IS RUTGERS

BYLINE: John Ryan, Mercury News

SECTION: SP; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 491 words


Thirty-two college football bowl games are set for this season, and
approximately one truly matters. In a most fitting twist, that game isn't even
tagged with the ``Bowl'' anachronism; it's technically called the BCS Money
Grab.

It's too much. Who needs it? Who wants it? We felt that way too, especially
every year the Silicon Valley Football Most Decidedly Non-Classic matchup came
out.

But now we're seeing the other side. We see San Jose State, first bowl in 16
years. Rice, first bowl in 45 years.

And last year, Rutgers, first bowl in 27 years.

``The turning point for Rutgers football,'' the school's deputy athletic
director, Kevin MacConnell, said Tuesday.

With the old system of bowl aristocracy, instead of the one that rewards 64 of
119 Division I-A teams, SJSU wouldn't be going to the New Mexico Bowl.

Yeah? So? Rutgers wouldn't have gone to the Insight Bowl in 2005.

``Had we not had that bowl game last year, I'm not saying all this wouldn't have
happened, but not to this degree,'' MacConnell said. ``It just couldn't have.''

And college football couldn't have had its best story of this season. The
Scarlet Knights are basking in the warmth of a top-15 ranking and a brief
flirtation with the national championship. But not long ago, Rutgers was . . .
San Jose State, basically. In a seven-year stretch from 1996 to 2002, the
Scarlet Knights won 14 games.

They were 7-4 last year, but they didn't know if it would be good enough. They
worked every angle to finagle an invitation to the Insight Bowl, where they lost
to Arizona State.

You probably didn't watch. They were having too much fun to care. MacConnell
said he initially thought 3,500 fans might make the trip to the Dec. 27 game in
Phoenix. Once it all shook out, ``we're pretty well positive that we had over
10,000 fans,'' he recalled.

So the TV ratings for the SJSU-New Mexico matchup will be low. The national
media will mock its very existence.

Big deal. It's a program-builder. Four hours on ESPN. Countless newspaper
articles. Another month of practice for young players. And all of it during
recruiting.

For our comparison, we chose Rutgers because of the parallels with San Jose
State in enrollment (25,000 or so undergrads), mission (state university) and
prior athletic achievement (modest). And because we're aiming high.

In 2000, Greg Schiano's second year as coach, Rutgers averaged 19,000 fans per
game. This year, the figure was 41,112.

So San Jose State's coming from farther behind -- but making a much greater
percentage leap, from a 6,000 average in 2004 to 18,000 in 2006.

MacConnell hears people complain about all the bowls. How's this for similarity?
Until last year, Rutgers had never been to one outside its home state. Ditto
SJSU now.

``Half of 'em go,'' MacConnell said. ``Well, hell, so one-half go to the NBA
playoffs or the NHL playoffs. What's wrong with that?''

Hadn't thought of that.

Until now.

Contact John Ryan at jryan@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5266.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday
                            All but Toronto Edition

SNL member gets a Hall Pass on Hollywood; Jason Sudeikis; 'Hopefully I'll work
with more fun people'

BYLINE: Bob Thompson, Postmedia News

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 574  words


Funnyman Jason Sudeikis is just coming out of a serious dating daze. The
Saturday Night Live player split last month from girlfriend January Jones, who
plays an icy blond on the award-winning cable series Mad Men.

No sooner could you say "breakup," than rumours circulated he was arm-in-arm
with Ryan Reynolds' ex, Scarlett Johansson.

Hearsay aside, Sudeikis says he is "concentrating on more immediate matters"
during a recent interview.

For instance, there is his career.

The 35-year-old actor has a fairly active one. Somehow, he finds time between
the all-encompassing SNL gig from September to May to carve out a place in the
film world.

"The decision sort of came when people asked if I wanted to be in [films], truth
be told," a modest Sudeikis says.

"Then the decision usually comes from being really fortunate to work with a lot
of great people at SNL, and continuing the streak of luck. Hopefully, I'll work
with more fun people in the future."

Currently, Sudeikis can be seen in the Farrelly brothers' R-rated film farce,
Hall Pass, which opened Feb. 25.

In the raunchy comedy, the comic actor plays Fred, who is best friends with Owen
Wilson's Rick. The buddies agree they are bored with the drudgery of married
life.

Somehow, they finagle a "hall pass" from their wives (Jenna Fischer plays Rick's
better half and Christina Applegate is Fred's), which gives the lads seven days
of freedom from the ties that bind.

The catch is, the wives also get to exercise their right to party for a week.
And they seem better prepared to seek alternatives than the husbands, who don't
realize how out of it they are.

Throw in some Peter and Bobby Farrelly-patented gags, gross-outs and pratfalls,
and you have a rowdy laugh-fest, not suited for the whole family, as Wilson's
Rick and Sudeikis's Fred get in way over their heads with the opposite sex.

Next up on the Sudeikis movie agenda is another ensemble project, although a
less vulgar one than the Farrelly brothers production.

It's the Seth Gordondirected comedy Horrible Bosses, set to hit theatres this
summer. Sudeikis joins some high-profile castmates, including Jennifer Aniston,
Jamie Foxx, Jason Bateman, Donald Sutherland, Kevin Spacey, Charlie Day and
Colin Farrell.

That kind of celebrity profile didn't happen over night. Sudeikis worked on the
fringes of the comedy industry for nearly a decade, first performing at clubs in
Kansas City, and later with a Second City touring company.

Eventually, he became a founding member of a Second City in Las Vegas and
studied at Chicago-based improv theatre groups before getting his big break as
an SNL sketch writer in 2003.

Slowly, he made the transition to on-camera performer and continues to provide
the show with a range of characters, from an impersonation of U.S.
Vice-President Joe Biden to the brazen Ed Mahoney.

On TV, he won raves for his recurring character Floyd on Tina Fey's Emmywinning
sitcom, 30 Rock. He also showed up in the 2008 Ashton Kutcher-Cameron Diaz
comedy, What Happens in Vegas, and The Bounty Hunter, alongside Gerard Butler
and Jennifer Aniston.

Last summer, Sudeikis was featured with Charlie Day in the romantic comedy,
Going the Distance, with Drew Barrymore and Justin Long.

Meanwhile, Hall Pass and Horrible Bosses might be his perfect 2011 calling card
for a life after SNL. He's in the sixth year of a seven-year contract on the
network sketch show, and he's getting restless.

"It might be time to move on," he predicted.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Warner Bros.; Jason Sudeikis has  reason to be excited about his
prospects.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 7, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

TWO CULTURES TIE THE KNOT IN "BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING"

BYLINE: Joe Williams Post-Dispatch Film Critic

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 516 words


Culture clash has been a popular theme in comedy for as long as the tribes have
been commingling, but between political correctness and racial cross-breeding,
its days may be numbered. A movie like "My Big Fat Greek Wedding," about the
romance between a Greek-American ugly duckling and a hunky WASP, feels
old-fashioned, reminiscent of an era when every big city had tight ethnic
enclaves and comedy was driven by one-liners. As much as anything, it feels like
a pretty good episode of "Love American Style."

A subtle reinforcement of that impression is the presence of Michael Constantine
as Greek patriarch Gus Portokalos. Constantine was the principal on the
rainbow-themed "Room 222," another show from ABC circa 1971, but here he's the
poster boy for ethnic segregation. Although he lives in Chicago, his heart
remains in Greece, where (he is quick to tell everyone he meets) Western culture
and language were born. So naturally he has a raucous Greek wife (Lainie Kazan),
a hot-blooded son named Nicky (Louis Mandylor) and a restaurant called Dancing
Zorba's. Oh, and then there's Toula (Nia Vardalos), his frumpy daughter, who
would break his heart if she ever got married.

But Toula wants more out of life than a waitress gig at a falafel house. At age
30, she gives herself a makeover, takes some college courses and finagles a job
at the travel agency run by her aunt (Andrea Martin). There she catches the eye
of a tall, dark and homegrown English teacher named Ian Miller (John Corbett).
Their initial, starry-eyed flirtation is so precious (and underwritten) that
Toula and Ian are reminiscing about it within minutes.

And therein lies the biggest problem with this good-natured romantic comedy: The
odd-couple courtship is such an obvious plot necessity to deliver us to the
title event, that we never get a believable sense of the connection between
these two people. Although Vardalos, who wrote the script based loosely on her
own life, is self-deprecatingly funny, Corbett's character is a one-dimensional
dreamboat who never expresses anything other than adoration (and converts to the
Greek Orthodox Church as easily as changing his shorts). The rest of the
characters are equally schematic. Ian's benignly racist parents are so
conservative they make the Bush family seem like the Jeffersons, while the
clannish Greeks are the kind of noisy stereotypes who dance the night away and
think that vegetarianism can be cured with a nice hunk of lamb.

The wedding itself is the crowd-pleasing highlight of the film, from the garish
dresses to the Greek tradition of spitting on the bride to the father's
bittersweet toast at the reception. In these scenes, Vardalos is at her best,
showing us that Toula is now an independent woman who lovingly resigns herself
to some short-term indignities. When this witty woman is snuggling in the back
seat of the limo with her new husband, we at last see a woman that any man would
want to marry.

===

"My Big Fat Greek Wedding"

* *1/2 (out of four)

Rating: PG (for sensuality and language)

Running time: 1:35

Opens today

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: REVIEW

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color Photo - Michael Constantine and Lainie Kazan (center) are
the parents of the bride in "My Big Fat Greek Wedding."

TYPE: REVIEW - FILM; "MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING"

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

No regrets, just a great run; As a person and a player, Curtis Joseph gave more
than he took and he gave plenty, reports Jeremy Sandler.

BYLINE: Jeremy Sandler, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 747  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


No tears.

Curtis Joseph, the fourth-winningest goaltender in National Hockey League
history, officially exited pro hockey's stage on Tuesday. But there was no
overwrought emotional retirement, no grandiose speech full of self-importance or
maudlin histrionics. Rather he simply delivered a series of thank you's that
punctuated an acceptance that all good things must end.

As the often-absent father of four, he now has more time to be at the rink with
his three hockey-playing sons.

"It's a good day, and it's been a great career. I'm a lucky, lucky guy to do
what I love to do for a living for 19 years, almost two decades," said the
42-year-old, whose even keel was established before the news conference in a
conversation with his longtime agent Don Meehan.

"He said, 'Are you going to be OK with this?' I said 'Donnie, I'm 42, I had a
great run and a great career and enjoyed every minute of it.' "

It could hardly end any other way for a man whose ascension to the upper echelon
of the goaltender fraternity plays like a Disney movie.

Born in Toronto and taken in by adoptive parents as an infant, Joseph's hockey
career began as an undrafted free agent playing tier-two hockey at
Saskatchewan's Notre Dame College.

There, he spent a year with five roommates living in a trailer pierced by cold
Prairie winds as it sat parked hard by the railroad tracks.

Back then, he was poor enough that he needed his school to finagle a way to buy
him new equipment and the shirts and hats sent along with letters of
encouragement from a scout for the Hartford Whalers were enough to get his
attention.

He went on to the University of Wisconsin and from there to the St. Louis Blues
to begin his NHL career.

A unique devotion to Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, whose patients were
regularly treated as the goalie's guests at Maple Leafs games, also played a
role in establishing Joseph as a leader in philanthropy among players.

"I have kids, and I feel appreciative that they are extremely healthy," he said.
"And for me to be able to use my celebrity in a positive way, it was a great
feeling."

About the only aspect of his career not to follow a fairy tale plot was a
consistent failure to win the biggest prizes.

Joseph's stellar goaltending for Canada in the 1996 World Cup of Hockey netted
only silver and he was part of Canada's fourth-place crew at the 1998 Olympic
Games.

At the 2002 Olympics, Joseph lost Canada's first game and then did not play a
minute thereafter while Martin Brodeur backstopped Canada to its first Olympic
gold in 50 years.

While he took several teams deep in the playoffs and is renowned for an overtime
save on Joe Nieuwendyk during Edmonton's playoff win over Dallas in 1997, Joseph
never won a Stanley Cup.

A pair of semifinal appearances with Toronto in 1999 and 2003 were his deepest
forays into post-season play.

"If it wasn't for Curtis then our record would not be nearly what it was," said
Pat Quinn, Joseph's coach with the Maple Leafs. "Frankly, in my opinion, we had
a good enough team with him that we maybe should have won one or two Cups. We
didn't get it done, but it certainly wasn't because of him."

Joseph was far more improvisational acrobat than clinical technician, and Steve
Thomas lauded his former teammate and opponent for always keeping his team in
games.

"He was one of those guys that was able to get something in front of anything
even though it looked like it was going to be a sure goal," Thomas said. "We
knew that we could take chances because we had Cujo back here to make a save for
us."

Although Joseph spent less than a quarter of his career with Toronto and earned
only 138 of his 454 career wins wearing the blue and white of his hometown team,
he said Toronto marked the high point of his career.

His first four-year stint with the Leafs ended somewhat bitterly when contract
negotiations broke down and Joseph jumped to the Detroit Red Wings to replace
Dominik Hasek, who had retired after the Wings won the Cup in 2002.

The Red Wings flamed out in Joseph's first trip to the playoffs and Hasek's
surprise return to the NHL created an logjam of goalies that ultimately saw the
veteran Joseph accept a minor-league assignment.

"You make the best decisions at the time, and at the time I felt it was my best
opportunity to win a Stanley Cup," he said.

"Obviously my heart is always in Toronto and always has been. I'm in a great
spot where I am in life now and I don't think I'd change the past that has
gotten me to where I am today."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Peter J. Thompson, Canwest News Service; Curtis Joseph refused to cave in
to his emotions while calling his retirement from a 19-year career 'a great
day.'

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

Obituary: Betty Lou Adelmann, 73, ran Eagan vegetable stand 'til the end

BYLINE: By Frederick Melo fmelo@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: DAKOTA COUNTY; Minnesota-Twin Cities; Local

LENGTH: 553 words


Betty Lou Adelmann operated her Eagan vegetable stand for so many decades, her
name became a rallying cry. When the Metropolitan Council tried to force her to
move house and veggies to make way for a bus garage, residents and political
figures successfully took up her cause, and a candidate later used the flap in
his campaign for office.

Not even failing kidneys could keep her from manning Adelmann's Farm Market at
Minnesota 13 and Shawnee Road.

Adelmann, who spent 11 years on kidney dialysis, celebrated each return from the
hospital with a trip to White Castle for a hamburger, and then it was back to
the stand she had cultivated since the 1960s.

She died Feb. 2. She was 73.

Her memorial Mass was held Saturday at Mary, Mother of the Church in Burnsville.
She was interred at Resurrection Cemetery in Mendota Heights.

She had six sons and one daughter, 14 grandchildren and four
great-grandchildren. She built the farm stand with her husband, Clarence
Adelmann, who died in 2004.

"It's been one of those Eagan landmarks over the years that you don't see a lot
of in the suburbs anymore," said Tim Wilkin, a former state legislator from
Eagan who enjoyed shopping there with his kids.

Joan Remick remembers buying Halloween pumpkins from Adelmann's Farm Market as a
child. Remick, now 50, said she continued to stop by the stand regularly after
her mother died and Adelmann would be quick to tell her to grab some vegetables
from the cooler or make her help out in some other way.

Adelmann loved to chat, and she told Remick she had canned more than 300 jars of
pickles last fall. Remick managed to finagle the pickle recipe from her "before
she decided it was a secret," she said.

"She was just such a hard worker. She was always there," Remick said.

Mike Adelmann, 41, said his mother worked from "sun-up to sun-down" and loved
painting faces on gourds, which she sold thousands of each year. "You'd get up,
and she was already up," he said. "You'd go to bed, and she was still there
painting."

Gary Adelmann, 52, said his mother not only put all her children to work picking
vegetables; she also employed many of their friends to work in her fields, which
she leased.

The brothers said the market's future is uncertain. Adelmann's home is still
occupied by her youngest son, Bruce, and his wife. The property measures about
an acre.

Despite the love and loyalty the veggie stand engendered, even Adelmann
acknowledged her dilapidated greenhouse wasn't much to look at.

"It's just an old shack, but we have fun here," Adelmann said in an October 2003
Pioneer Press story about the Met Council's effort to acquire her property
through eminent domain on behalf of the Minnesota Valley Transit Authority,
which planned to build a bus garage.

"We were out here before anything -- before the trucking firm and the
restaurant. Before a lot of stuff. Now, we're getting the boot because we're in
the way of progress," she told a reporter.

Wilkin and others intervened on her behalf. Less than two weeks later, the MVTA
formally asked the Met Council to abandon its eminent-domain effort. The garage
was built next door.

"I think it's great," Adelmann was quoted as saying. "I am 67, and all I can do
is what I can do. ... Someday, I will be gone, but I will be here as long as I
can wiggle."

Frederick Melo can be reached at 651-228-2172.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Betty Lou Adelmann ran a veggie stand at Minnesota 13 and Shawnee Road
in Eagan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 March 21, 2005

Stung by a WASP! Still, I Love Palm Beach

BYLINE: Simon Doonan

SECTION: THE FRONT PAGE; Front Page 7, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 866 words


Contemplating a second home in Florida? Struggling to decide between frowzy Palm
Beach and freaky Miami Beach? Let me add to your confusion.

My husband Jonathan Adler and I spent last week in Florida, commuting back and
forward between Palm Beach and Miami Beach. We are more than familiar with Palm
Beach, owning, as we have for the last two years, a dreamy 1970's condo on what
is known locally as the Gaza Strip. The unprecedented number of trips to Miami
were occasioned by the fact that my Jonny has just opened a store selling his
wares on Lincoln Road. These daily commutes afforded the perfect opportunity to
compare and contrast the two places.

Here are the major conclusions of my in-depth, week-long probe: Palm Beach and
Miami Beach are more insanely polarized than ever. As Miami Beach gets
progressively more louche, Palm Beach gets snottier and snootier.

Let's start with Miami Beach.

If you combined the hip-hop shenanigans of Eighth Street with the homosexual
bacchanalia of Eighth Avenue and threw in the bumper-to-bumper traffic of Sixth
Avenue, you would have a tepid approximation of the torrid mayhem that was Miami
Beach last week. In other words, you might just as well stay here in grungy
Manhattan. It was an especially skanky week due to the annual Winter Party. From
what I hear, a good time was had by all -- "all" being a bunch of skimpily
attired blokes who poured in from all over the globe to have sex and snort
crystal meth.

Meanwhile, up the coast in Palm Beach, people may not be having much sex, but
they are definitely snorting -- mostly with indignation. The incomprehensible
snobbery that is so legendary is still alive and well. Last week, my Jonny and I
sampled it firsthand.

Here's the story: A Jewish friend, who "passes" in WASP society, had somehow
managed to finagle a week's membership to the legendary Bath and Tennis Club on
South Ocean Boulevard. (Not the place where C.Z. Guest was banned after bringing
Estee Lauder to lunch -- that was the Everglades Club. This one is even worse!)
This Secret Jewess rashly invited us to break bread with her and her "sponsor"
at the B. and T.

My Jonny and I are the anti-WASPs : We, like Mr. and Mrs. Federline, are nouveau
riche and proud of it. The fetishization of everything WASP-y in Palm Beach is a
source of great amusement and fascination (not to mention creative inspiration).
This invitation was an opportunity for us to peek inside one of the great
bastions of gentile elitism and observe these bizarre white-bread people on
their home turf -- and, one hopes, to confirm our belief in the utter
pointlessness of good taste. Would we find them to be as worthy, fabulous and
generally superior as they seem to think they are? Our knuckles were white with
anticipation.

We also saw this lunch as being a bit like a Survivor challenge: Whichever one
of us was strong-armed toward the exit first would forfeit immunity.

"You're so obviously Jewish, and you're gay," I said confidently. "You're never
even going to make it across the threshold."

"You're such a big screaming queen," countered my Jonny, "you won't last two
seconds -- unless, of course, they mistake you for a woman, which is a definite
possibility." Grr!

Our dates, the Secret Jewess and the WASP Sponsor, swung by to pick us up at the
appointed hour. The WASP Sponsor took one look at my Dolce and Gabbana mandals
and said, "Hmm. You know what, the B. and T. is just so damn formal and stuffy,
why don't we just go to the Four Seasons instead?"

The WASP Sponsor then promptly sent her nanny and kids to the B. and T. -- I
guess it wasn't too formal for them -- and off we went to enjoy the alleged
informality of the Four Seasons.

We'd been punk'd by a WASP.

Later that day, we checked in with our Secret Jewess, who confirmed our darkest
suspicions: The WASP Sponsor had apparently retracted the invitation as soon as
she saw us mincing toward her vehicle. "I could get one of them in, maybe, but
two? Not on your nelly!"

As a consolation prize, our Secret Jewess gave us a card that was handed to her
at the club while she, sloppily dressed, was enjoying a bowl of macaroni and
cheese:

"YOUR ATTIRE IS NOT APPROPRIATE TO THE STANDARDS OF THE CLUB AND WE ASK THAT YOU
PLEASE CHANGE PROMPTLY."

I've made copies of it and am handing them out as I see fit.

Despite the archaic inhospitableness of certain Palm Beach institutions, I would
still pick P.B. any day over M.B. The junk shops are better, the eateries are
better, and we can take our dog on the beach. Without the distraction of
crystal-meth orgies, I have masses of time to read.

While in Florida, I enjoyed an astoundingly sizzling page-turner. If Iris
Murdoch was reincarnated as a punk rocker and living in contemporary Japan, she
would be the acclaimed authoress Natsuo Kirino, and she might have written the
gripping and appalling Out ($9.71 for the Vintage paperback on Amazon), a crime
novel about four women who work in a boxed-lunch factory. This book is so
entertainingly vile that it gave me anxiety attacks -- similar, I imagine, to
those experienced by the gays on their crystal-meth comedowns.

Anyone for tennis?

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 The New York Observer, L.P.


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 March 21, 2005

Stung by a WASP! Still, I Love Palm Beach

BYLINE: Simon Doonan

SECTION: MEDIA & SOCIETY; Simon Says, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 866 words


Contemplating a second home in Florida? Struggling to decide between frowzy Palm
Beach and freaky Miami Beach? Let me add to your confusion.

My husband Jonathan Adler and I spent last week in Florida, commuting back and
forward between Palm Beach and Miami Beach. We are more than familiar with Palm
Beach, owning, as we have for the last two years, a dreamy 1970's condo on what
is known locally as the Gaza Strip. The unprecedented number of trips to Miami
were occasioned by the fact that my Jonny has just opened a store selling his
wares on Lincoln Road. These daily commutes afforded the perfect opportunity to
compare and contrast the two places.

Here are the major conclusions of my in-depth, week-long probe: Palm Beach and
Miami Beach are more insanely polarized than ever. As Miami Beach gets
progressively more louche, Palm Beach gets snottier and snootier.

Let's start with Miami Beach.

If you combined the hip-hop shenanigans of Eighth Street with the homosexual
bacchanalia of Eighth Avenue and threw in the bumper-to-bumper traffic of Sixth
Avenue, you would have a tepid approximation of the torrid mayhem that was Miami
Beach last week. In other words, you might just as well stay here in grungy
Manhattan. It was an especially skanky week due to the annual Winter Party. From
what I hear, a good time was had by all -- "all" being a bunch of skimpily
attired blokes who poured in from all over the globe to have sex and snort
crystal meth.

Meanwhile, up the coast in Palm Beach, people may not be having much sex, but
they are definitely snorting -- mostly with indignation. The incomprehensible
snobbery that is so legendary is still alive and well. Last week, my Jonny and I
sampled it firsthand.

Here's the story: A Jewish friend, who "passes" in WASP society, had somehow
managed to finagle a week's membership to the legendary Bath and Tennis Club on
South Ocean Boulevard. (Not the place where C.Z. Guest was banned after bringing
Estee Lauder to lunch -- that was the Everglades Club. This one is even worse!)
This Secret Jewess rashly invited us to break bread with her and her "sponsor"
at the B. and T.

My Jonny and I are the anti-WASPs : We, like Mr. and Mrs. Federline, are nouveau
riche and proud of it. The fetishization of everything WASP-y in Palm Beach is a
source of great amusement and fascination (not to mention creative inspiration).
This invitation was an opportunity for us to peek inside one of the great
bastions of gentile elitism and observe these bizarre white-bread people on
their home turf -- and, one hopes, to confirm our belief in the utter
pointlessness of good taste. Would we find them to be as worthy, fabulous and
generally superior as they seem to think they are? Our knuckles were white with
anticipation.

We also saw this lunch as being a bit like a Survivor challenge: Whichever one
of us was strong-armed toward the exit first would forfeit immunity.

"You're so obviously Jewish, and you're gay," I said confidently. "You're never
even going to make it across the threshold."

"You're such a big screaming queen," countered my Jonny, "you won't last two
seconds -- unless, of course, they mistake you for a woman, which is a definite
possibility." Grr!

Our dates, the Secret Jewess and the WASP Sponsor, swung by to pick us up at the
appointed hour. The WASP Sponsor took one look at my Dolce and Gabbana mandals
and said, "Hmm. You know what, the B. and T. is just so damn formal and stuffy,
why don't we just go to the Four Seasons instead?"

The WASP Sponsor then promptly sent her nanny and kids to the B. and T. -- I
guess it wasn't too formal for them -- and off we went to enjoy the alleged
informality of the Four Seasons.

We'd been punk'd by a WASP.

Later that day, we checked in with our Secret Jewess, who confirmed our darkest
suspicions: The WASP Sponsor had apparently retracted the invitation as soon as
she saw us mincing toward her vehicle. "I could get one of them in, maybe, but
two? Not on your nelly!"

As a consolation prize, our Secret Jewess gave us a card that was handed to her
at the club while she, sloppily dressed, was enjoying a bowl of macaroni and
cheese:

"YOUR ATTIRE IS NOT APPROPRIATE TO THE STANDARDS OF THE CLUB AND WE ASK THAT YOU
PLEASE CHANGE PROMPTLY."

I've made copies of it and am handing them out as I see fit.

Despite the archaic inhospitableness of certain Palm Beach institutions, I would
still pick P.B. any day over M.B. The junk shops are better, the eateries are
better, and we can take our dog on the beach. Without the distraction of
crystal-meth orgies, I have masses of time to read.

While in Florida, I enjoyed an astoundingly sizzling page-turner. If Iris
Murdoch was reincarnated as a punk rocker and living in contemporary Japan, she
would be the acclaimed authoress Natsuo Kirino, and she might have written the
gripping and appalling Out ($9.71 for the Vintage paperback on Amazon), a crime
novel about four women who work in a boxed-lunch factory. This book is so
entertainingly vile that it gave me anxiety attacks -- similar, I imagine, to
those experienced by the gays on their crystal-meth comedowns.

Anyone for tennis?

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 The New York Observer, L.P.


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 2, 1997, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MATTHAU AND LEMMON: CRUISIN' ALONG, GRUMPILY

BYLINE: Deborah Peterson; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. 08E

LENGTH: 390 words



"OUT TO SEA"

Rating: PG, mild language, sexual innuendo. Running time: 1:47.

THE premise is that Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau can't quite get their sea
legs under them, and as a result are a couple of grumpy old men.

They play poorly trained dance instructors on a fancy cruise ship headed for the
Caribbean. Actually, Lemmon is poorly trained and Matthau can't dance at all.
But it's funny to watch him try, all gangly legs and flapping arms. He looks
like a newborn giraffe trying to do the mambo.

Sound promising? Well, it isn't. Except that Lemmon and Matthau are still so
good together after all these years that they can make an audience laugh at the
most trite of scripts, the most banal of lines. Which is what this movie has an
excess of.

They are brothers-in-law with little in common, similar to their "Odd Couple"
pairing. Lemmon is mourning the recent death of his wife of more than 40 years,
who was Matthau's sister. Matthau is a peripatetic bachelor, an old skinflint
with quick lines and a gift for graft.

He finagles them onto the cruise ship by telling a pack of lies, both to the
cruise director and to Lemmon. Lemmon thinks Matthau got the cruise for them
legitimately and doesn't realize he's there to dance until the two find
themselves in a stateroom adjacent to the boiler room.

But by then Matthau has spotted Dyan Cannon, the ingenue of the group, who is
with her battle-ax of a mother, played fiercely by Elaine Stritch. Matthau's got
his sights set on her and isn't about to bail out.

Lemmon is less happy but can't get off the ship because it's already left port
by the time he figures out he's been had by his scheming brother-in-law. He also
quickly runs into a love interest of his own, Gloria De Haven.

Hal Linden looks well preserved as the glamour puss of the dance-instructor
cadre, and it's fun to see Donald O'Connor do a nifty tap routine as one of the
crew.

But the not-so-surprising surprise ending, which is a twist on the "How to Marry
a Millionaire" theme, doesn't save "Out to Sea" from rough waters. It's good for
a couple of laughs but could have used a script to go along with the basic
premise.

(Chesterfield, Crestwood, Creve Coeur, Des Peres, Eureka, Galleria, Halls Ferry,
Keller, Mid Rivers, Northwest Plaza, O'Fallon, Regency, West Olive)

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 5, 1995, Tuesday, City Edition

Spend now or later

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 315 words



The Pinellas County School System probably wishes the problems would go away.
It would make teaching much easier. But since the problems do exist, school
officials say they welcome the fact that Pinellas County has been singled out,
along with six others, to receive federal money to help reduce, among other
things, drug and alcohol violations, violence and juvenile arrests in schools.

Just months ago, the Pinellas Drug Free Schools department was informed  that
its financially strapped programs would be losing $ 100,000. But now the
department has learned that because Pinellas has one of the highest rankings  in
the state for violence and drug-risk factors, it will receive an additional  $
427,979. The department has a budget of $ 450,000 for the 1995-96 school year,
which does not include the additional funding. Linda Jones, supervisor of the
Pinellas County department, says this is not a lot of money when you consider
that these programs must address the needs of all children at all grade  levels.
In fact, 50 non-public schools also must have equal access to these  programs.
Jones says every year the county has to fight for money. The basic  allocation,
which varies from year to year, has been as high as $ 750,000 and  as low as $
250,000.

Jones says Gov. Lawton Chiles was able to finagle some state money for  Florida
school districts through the Safe School program. But these are not  recurring
dollars, and there are strings attached. The department rushes to  make the most
of the money because it could disappear the following year. But  they're also
concerned about hiring and training under those conditions.

It is a cliche, but federal and state governments can spend the money now  to
prevent escalating problems with drugs and violence, or spend far larger
amounts later on juvenile lockup facilities and prisons.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 8, 2007 Saturday

Giants' arbitration offer to Feliz is declined

BYLINE: By Andrew Baggarly Mercury News

SECTION: GIANTS; Baseball; Sports

LENGTH: 336 words


Third baseman Pedro Feliz declined the Giants' arbitration offer Friday night, a
signal that his agents remain confident they can locate a multi-year contract
elsewhere.

While the decision dims the chances Feliz will return, it doesn't necessarily
spell his end as a Giant. Because of a change in the last collective bargaining
agreement, he is allowed to resume negotiations with his former club.

The Giants value Feliz's steady glove, and General Manager Brian Sabean said
this week that the club remains interested in re-signing him to a one-year deal.

"If it shifts to our way of thinking, which is shorter term, we're prepared to
do that," Sabean said. "We're just not prepared to go long term. . . . I know he
wants to come back, but the change of agents really might dictate it."

Feliz's agents probably are waiting on the St. Louis Cardinals, who would have a
need if they trade third baseman Scott Rolen. The Milwaukee Brewers and the
Philadelphia Phillies also have shopped for a third baseman.

The Giants have said they consider Kevin Frandsen a viable option at third base,
but they are looking at other possibilities. Tadahito Iguchi is a free agent and
the Detroit Tigers have stated their intent to trade third baseman Brandon Inge.

The seismic trade proposal of right-hander Tim Lincecum for Toronto Blue Jays
outfielder Alex Rios remains on the table for Sabean, who told KNBR radio that
he wants to make a decision within two or three days.

"By the end of the weekend, maybe the first of the week, we're going to have to
flesh this out one way or the other," Sabean told the station. "We are juggling
some other things and we want to get on to other business if we're going to pass
on this."

Sabean hinted that he was trying to finagle another pitcher to "lessen the pain"
of losing Lincecum. While it's rumored that Detroit is looking to deal newly
acquired left-hander Dontrelle Willis, the Giants probably don't have the chips
to get the Oakland native.

Contact Andrew Baggarly at abaggarly@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 7, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Show lives up to its song and dance

BYLINE: WENDELL BROCK

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Living; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 562 words


THEATER REVIEW

"Chicago"

8 p.m. today-Saturday; 2 p.m. Saturday; 1 and 6:30 p.m. Sunday. $23-$57.
Broadway in Atlanta, Fox Theatre, 660 Peachtree St. N.E., Atlanta. 404-817-8700,
www.foxtheatre.org.

The verdict: "It's good, isn't it? Grand, isn't it?"

To paraphrase Roxie Hart, the show on everybody's lips this week is a certain
Kander and Ebb musical with lots of brass, sass and . . . well, we can't say it,
but it rhymes with "class."

Thanks to director Rob Marshall's Oscar-winning 2002 film, "Chicago" is the
theatrical spectacle that needs no introduction. It should also be mentioned
that choreographer Ann Reinking's 1996 revival is now the longest-running show
on Broadway.

On Tuesday, the national tour of the ahead-of-its-time classic from 1975 arrived
at the Fox Theatre --- a nonstop erotic cabaret in which a company of singers
and dancers pays homage to the genius of original choreographer Bob Fosse.

Given that lyricist Fred Ebb died just last month, Broadway in Atlanta's season
opener seems like a particularly well-timed choice --- an occasion to honor the
man who, along with longtime composer-collaborator John Kander, penned the
scores for "Chicago," "Cabaret" and more than a half-dozen other Broadway
musicals.

How good was Ebb? He's certainly the only pop writer I know who managed to rhyme
"finagle" and "bagel," "Methuselah" and "bambooz-a-ler" --- in the same song, no
less. (See "Razzle Dazzle.")

A Jazz Age tale of "murder, greed, corruption, violence, exploitation, adultery
and treachery," "Chicago" ranks among the smartest musicals ever, and with the
first four numbers of the Fox show, you see why.

Featuring William Ivey Long's all-black wardrobe of sheer tops and tight
bottoms, Reinking and director Walter Bobbie's sexy take on the story of dueling
inmates Velma and Roxie is a flawless marriage of music and choreography.
There's not a wasted note in the ensemble's interpretations of the slinky "All
That Jazz" and that wonder of one-liners "Cell Block Tango." ("I fired two
warning shots . . . into his head.")

But if the "gin is cold" and "the piano's hot," the casting's kinda lukewarm.

Soulful Brenda Braxton (Velma) has a strong voice, fabulous eyes and impeccable
comedic timing, while Bianca Marroquin (Roxie) is an agile singer and dancer who
captures the essence of her character's mix of vulnerability and vim. As the
human puppet worked into a frenzy by her ventriloquist attorney Billy Flynn
(Gregory Harrison), Marroquin is hysterical.

Yet neither actress has the man-killer looks you equate with these femme fatale
roles.

Fortunately, the supporting team does not disappoint.

Harrison, famous for his work on TV's "Trapper John, M.D.," cuts an elegant
figure as Flynn.

Ray Bokhour lends that perfect hangdog sadness to the part of loser Amos Hart
("Mister Cellophane").

And Roz Ryan, as Matron "Mama" Morton, has a monumental voice, several tons of
attitude, a power ponytail and a fierce grip on her puns. (Example: "They say
that life is tit for tat . . . So I deserve a lot of tat.")

In sum, this "Chicago" --- with its simple band-shell box of a set by "Color
Purple" designer John Lee Beatty --- deserves all the attention it will no doubt
get. If you've never seen this sensational musical performed live and in the
flesh, it would be a crime to miss it.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gregory Harrison (left) is elegant as Billy Flynn, and Ray
Bokhour plays Amos Hart to hangdog perfection. / Paul Kolnik; Photo: "Chicago"
is a smart, sexy, Jazz Age tale about dueling inmates Roxie (Bianca Marroquin,
left) and Velma (Brenda Braxton). / Paul Kolnik

TYPE: Review

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 7, 1992, Saturday

DOT backs down on Outer Loop

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 462 words


It wasn't a good week for the Georgia Department of Transportation.

DOT officials were forced to withdraw an application for federal funding of an
intersection for the controversial Outer Perimeter. That application, submitted
to the Atlanta Regional Commission, had become a focus for opponents of the
Outer Perimeter, who organized a strong, effective public protest.

According to the DOT, however, its application was withdrawn because it had
discovered that federal money for the project did not exist. DOT officials made
it clear: They had not actually listened to Georgia citizens.

Nor, it seems, were Georgia citizens listening to DOT. On Tuesday, voters
overwhelmingly rejected a constitutional amendment linked to future increases in
the gasoline tax. The measure, backed strongly by the DOT, was the only proposed
amendment to be rejected. Seven amendments were approved.

Clearly, voters have no faith in the DOT. Its commissioner, Wayne Shackelford,
came into office more than a year ago loudly claiming a modern agenda of support
for transportation alternatives to the automobile and promising a greater voice
for citizens in important transportation decisions.

But that talk has been contradicted by Mr. Shackelford's stubborn support for
the $ 2.5 billion Outer Perimeter, and his refusal to heed calls for public
input into the project.

As a result, the DOT finds itself in a bind. The rejection of Amendment 5
forecloses an increase in the gasoline tax needed to fund the Outer Perimeter.
The cool reception to the Outer Perimeter within the ARC will make it difficult
for DOT to finagle federal financing for its favorite boondoggle. And just last
spring, the Legislature rebuffed a DOT effort to allow highways such as the
Outer Perimeter to be built as private toll roads.

At every turn, DOT finds its progress blocked by a lack of public faith in its
integrity and its priorities. It needs to find a way out, and the ARC may be it.

In the past, the ARC has operated less like a regional planning agency and more
like a pork-allocation agency for its member counties and cities. It could
redeem itself, however, by offering its services as a forum for a public
transportation planning effort addressing the Outer Perimeter and similar issues
facing the region. With the DOT's cooperation, such a process could break the
logjam in planning this region's transportation future.

There are already some important areas of agreement. No one disputes the need to
improve east-west transportation in the northern arc between Interstates 75 and
85. And everyone at least says the right thing about commuter rail systems. In
addition, if there's a case for the Outer Perimeter, such a process would
finally allow it to be heard and discussed.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923180190

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            February 3, 2008 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

A & E Collage

BYLINE: Chris Benninghoff, Jeremy D. Bonfiglio

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 325 words


TV show gets inside Bethel basketball

There's some good news for local Pilot fans who have been clamoring for an
insider's look into the Bethel College men's basketball program.

The team and the school now have their own television show.

WHME-TV Channel 46 is now producing "Inside Bethel Basketball," which airs at 11
a.m. every Saturday.

The half-hour program, hosted by WHME sports director Chuck Freeby, features
regular segments with head coach Mike Lightfoot, player analysis, game
highlights, statistics, commentary, and interviews with team members, faculty
and staff.

Although the show is called "Inside Bethel Basketball," the final segment of the
program is dedicated to campus happenings and events both inside and outside the
athletics department.

"Inside Bethel Basketball" began airing Jan. 19.

WHME-TV is a full-power television station with the LeSea Broadcasting network
that reaches northern Indiana, southern Michigan and the Indiana suburbs near
Chicago.

It can be found on Comcast Cable (Channel 11), Time Warner Cable (Channel 10)
and Dish Network (Channel 46). It is currently not available on DirecTV.

For more television news, check out Tribune staff writer Jeremy D. Bonfiglio's
blog, Remote Control, at www.southbendtribune.com.

Coming to Chicago: Gunn in opera 'Figaro'

Figaro! Figaro! Figaro!

South Bend native Nathan Gunn, right, will star as the barber of Seville in the
opera of the same name Feb. 16 through March 22 at Lyric Opera of Chicago.

In this Rossini charmer, Gunn finagles a way for two sweethearts to unite.

Some performances already are sold out. For more information or tickets, go
online to www.lyricopera.org or call (312) 332-2244.

Coming soon

March 16: "Swan Lake," Mendel Center, Lake Michigan College, Benton Harbor

March 29: Canadian Brass, Sauder Concert Hall, Goshen College

April 19: JoDee Messina, Wagon Wheel Theatre, Warsaw

May 10-11: "Movin' Out," Morris Performing Arts Center, South Bend

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  July 12, 1995 Wednesday METRO FINAL EDITION

GWYNN TELLS PUCKETT: HANG IN THERE

BYLINE: BYLINE: Scott Miller, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; All-Star Game Notebook; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1042 words

DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Texas


Normally, Kirby Puckett dishes out advice at All-Star Games as often as
politicians offer handshakes. This year, he's getting some advice.

Puckett and San Diego's Tony Gwynn talked late Monday afternoon during the
American and National League workouts, and Gwynn, a veteran of a salary-dumping
club, gave Puckett a few tips.

"He's not a happy man right now," Gwynn said. "I told him, 'Hey, I've been
through it. I know what you're going through. I told him to hang in there. It
will turn.'

"I don't know if he believes me."

Gwynn was with a San Diego team that was in a pennant race as late as August,
1992. Then Padres ownership, after the team fell eight games behind the
Cincinnati Reds, decided that the Padres couldn't catch up and directed
executives to cut the payroll.

So...pitcher Craig Lefferts was the first to go. Shortstop Tony Fernandez went
at the end of the '92 season. Outfielder Darrin Jackson went during spring
training in 1993. Gary Sheffield, one year after a run at the Triple Crown, and
Fred McGriff were traded in early 1993. After that, the Padres traded pitchers
Bruce Hurst and Greg Harris.

"I've been through it," said Gwynn, who was the only remaining, solid all-star
left with the Padres. "You feel for the city, the fans and yourself. Winning is
what this game is all about. Trading away (Rick) Aguilera and (Scott) Erickson,
you're taking your best chance at winning away.

"Not that they were winning with them, but they had only 20 wins and Aggie had
saved half or more."

Gwynn, who is from Southern California and played baseball and basketball at San
Diego State, said there was one thing he hung onto throughout the dog days to
cushion his anger at ownership's dismantling of his team.

"In my case, it was a little easier knowing that I was where I wanted to be, in
San Diego," Gwynn said. "I'm not trying to finagle Kirby, but we'd be glad to
have him. I've been through that before, and it ain't no good."

Gwynn said he basically told Puckett to just hang in there.

"What kind of advice can you give him?" Gwynn asked. "There's nothing you can do
when they're trading all your players. You've still got to go out and give it
your all. When they traded McGriff, Sheffield and Jackson here, they were all
guys I loved to play with. That was the hardest thing for me, trading my
buddies. But professionally, you're supposed to go out and play. It's tough.

"That's when you find out what your people are made out of."

McGriff, now with Atlanta, also approached Puckett and offered his sympathy.

"I told Kirby, 'I know how you feel,"' McGriff said. "It's tough. If you're a
young guy, it's great. Every young guy over there is loving this. Because if
you're a young guy, you want to be in the big leagues."

Dante, Kirby do lunch

Colorado's Dante Bichette had a lunch date with his hero on Tuesday: Puckett.

Ron Shapiro, who represents Puckett and recently was hired by Bichette, arranged
the lunch that included Puckett, Bichette, their wives and Shapiro.

"We found out our wives are similar, too," Bichette said. "They talked about how
they raised their kids and the things that are important to them.

"He's such a good guy. That's why I admire him so much. He laughs a lot. He's a
cut-up, really."

Class act

Cleveland third baseman Jim Thome, who has 17 home runs at the break, didn't
even make the American League All-Star team.

But the Indians gave him his All-Star bonus of $25,000 anyway.

"It was the right thing to do," Indians general manager John Hart said.

The explanations

Well, look who showed up on Tuesday: Philadelphia's Darren Daulton and Lenny
Dykstra.

Missing and unaccounted for on Monday, Dykstra explained Tuesday that his mother
was ill and he had to take care of a few things.

Daulton simply pleaded mental exhaustion.

"I want to be as sharp as I can be, and if that means taking a day off, then
that's what I'm going to do," Daulton said. "I do things for a reason. It might
be hard for people to understand, but that's the way I am."

Late Monday night, baseball officials said Daulton had not bothered to contact
anybody to explain his absence. Daulton disputed that, and simply said he needed
a day off.

"I was a little gassed and beat up," he said. "I feel that way at other times,
too, and nobody knows about it because I have a game to play. Yesterday, I
didn't have a game."

Just an onlooker

So Gary DiSarcina, have you been planning on an all-star appearance your entire
career.

"Yeah, planning to watch one," said DiSarcina, batting .324 with 21 doubles, who
was a reserve for the AL on Tuesday night.

Griffey eager

Ken Griffey Jr., out with a broken wrist, attended the game and was in the AL
clubhouse before batting practice. He said he hopes to return to the Mariners by
mid-to-late August.

What has been taking up his time?

"Therapy, rehab and a vacation in the Caribbean," he said.

Uh, that was a joke.

What he really has been doing is therapy, rehab and spending time with his wife
and 17-month-old son in Seattle.

"Teaching him how to hit," Griffey said. "I'm going to send him to Cal Ripken
and Wade Boggs' house to learn how to field ground balls and Kenny Lofton's
house on how to run.

"Well, maybe not. Kenny runs wild - elbows, arms and legs everywhere."

Griffey and San Francisco's Matt Williams, out with a broken leg, attended
Tuesday's game and both hope to be back sometime in August. That will give the
Mariners and Giants added boosts for the stretch run.

Hot night

The game-time temperature on Tuesday was 96.

That's one thing the all-stars haven't been able to escape this week: The heat.

"The minute I stepped out of the dugout, I couldn't believe it," McGriff said.
"I know it from (living in) Florida, but this is ridiculous."

Serious business

Milwaukee's Kevin Seitzer, one-hour before game time: "All, right, $100 if
anybody misses a sign."

Puck's assessment

While discussing the Twins' boatload of rookies with one reporter here ("As far
as I know, our whole triple-A team is in the majors"), Kirby Puckett had this to
say about Scott Stahoviak: "He's going to have to learn to swing the bat a
little bit more. That's just my own opinion. I'm not knocking him."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gwynn

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            January 2, 2003 Thursday

MINNESOTA DELEGATION: Locals' power is diminished

BYLINE: BY TOM WEBB; Washington Correspondent

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 635 words


WASHINGTON -- The state of Minnesota, proud of being above average in many ways,
ranks dead last in one regard: In the U.S. Senate, where seniority equals power,
Minnesota now has less seniority than any state in the union.

That power shortage is evident in the U.S. House, too, at least for the east
metro. In the House, the eastern half of the Twin Cities area will be
represented by three lawmakers, the most experienced of whom arrived in
Washington in 2001.

After two seasons marked by tragic deaths and political defeats, the entire east
metro congressional roster has changed on Capitol Hill: Sen. Paul Wellstone and
Rep. Bruce Vento died, Sen. Rod Grams and Rep. Bill Luther were defeated.

A new group of lawmakers will take office when Congress convenes next week, and
they brim with energy and ambition. But they lack the years of experience
necessary to wield real power in Congress.

Sen. Mark Dayton, D-Minn., was asked recently about his new status as the
state's senior senator.

"To be the senior senator with two years of experience does not put Minnesota
very high on the list for influence," Dayton said. Then he added, "But that's
not necessarily correlated with effectiveness."

Maybe not, but inexperience isn't a big advantage in the tradition-bound U.S.
Senate, where power typically accrues with seniority, and newcomers are still
warned to be seen and not heard. Tradition plays such a large role in the Senate
that brass spittoons still adorn the chamber.

Sen.-elect Norm Coleman, R-Minn., came to Washington following the election,
hoping to finagle his way onto one of the Senate's power committees. So far, he
hasn't yet persuaded top Republicans to choose him over more senior senators.

Said Coleman in November, "It reminds me of the Catholic Church: 'We were here
before you arrived, and we'll be here after you're gone.' "

Despite the rebuilding year, analysts are hardly predicting political gloom and
doom for the east metro. Social Security checks will still arrive, the U.S. mail
will still be delivered across Minnesota.

"Somehow, the east metro will survive and flourish," said Mitch Pearlstein,
president of Center of the American Experiment, a Minnesota policy group. "One
shouldn't presume that so much survival has to do with what Washington does,
anyway."

Still, Minnesotans have long paid far more in federal taxes than the state has
gotten back in services, an irritant that rookie officeholders are virtually
powerless to change. And on national issues, where Minnesota figures have
historically played significant roles, the state's voice and perspective could
be pretty small. So the power ranking isn't just a conversation piece.

"It always matters," said Tripp Baird, a former Senate aide now at the Heritage
Foundation in Washington. "Realistically, what really matters most is (that)
you've got to have good committees, and you've got to be able to do positive
things for your state. Not being the senior member of a committee or knowing how
to work the system hurts you."

Minnesota lawmakers elected in 2000 are Dayton, Rep. Betty McCollum, D-St. Paul,
and Rep. Mark Kennedy, R-Watertown. Joining them next week will be Coleman and
Rep. John Kline, R-Lakeville.

Some analysts think the newcomers must quickly master the art of making friends
-- especially powerful allies -- to protect the region's interests.

And the newcomers, and the state, will rely heavily on old hands like Rep.
Martin Sabo, D-Minneapolis, and Rep. Jim Ramstad, R-Minnetonka.

"Hopefully, they will learn quickly to work together," said D.J. Leary, a
consultant and lobbyist in Minnesota. In the meanwhile, he added, "Minnesota
better hope for some very close votes in the House, because they'll need to
trade."

Tom Webb can be reached at twebb@krwashington.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 22, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1056 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            9
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
2   HONEYMOON (Warner,                            2
     $13.95) By James
    Patterson & Howard
  Roughan. An FBI agent
  suspects the alluring
   fiancée in a wealthy
     banker's death.
3   THE BROKER (Dell,                             7
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             66
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5   DOUBLE TAP (Jove,                             3
     $7.99). By Steve
    Martini The expert
   slaying of a defense
  contractor's CEO casts
   suspicion on an Army
   vet turned security
          guard.
6  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          20
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
7    RED LILY (Jove,                              6
     $7.99). By Nora
   Roberts The ghost of
     the Harper bride
    becomes malevolent
     when the current
   Harper scion finds a
      new paramour.
8  GILEAD (Picador USA,                           1
    $14). By Marilynne
   Robinson An elderly
   minister, in failing
   health, reflects on
  his enduring faith and
   a lifetime spent in
   the same Iowa town.
8    BY ORDER OF THE                              3
     PRESIDENT (Jove,
     $7.99) By W.E.B.
  Griffin. In the launch
    of a new series, a
   Delta Force major is
  tapped to investigate
   a plane's hijacking.
1  PREP (Random House,                            5
0   $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            16
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
    A screenwriter and
    drug dealer's (now
      controversial)
  chronicle of addiction
      and recovery.
2     COLLAPSE: HOW                               3
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
3 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         54
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
4   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             3
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
5    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             22
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
6 SEE NO EVIL: THE TRUE                           5
    STORY OF A GROUND
   SOLDIER IN THE CIA'S
     WAR ON TERRORISM
   (Three Rivers, $14).
    By Robert Baer. A
     bungling agency.
7 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         97
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
8     IN COLD BLOOD                              12
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
9 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         56
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
1   THE END OF FAITH:                             2
0 RELIGION, TERROR, AND
   THE FUTURE OF REASON
   (Norton, $13.95). By
   Sam Harris Religious
  conviction (in all its
    forms) as menace.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1  THE HOSTAGE (Putnam,                           2
    $26.95). By W.E.B.
   Griffin A diplomat's
  murder, a family held
  captive and the Iraqi
   oil-for-food scandal
   meld in this Charley
    Castillo thriller.
2   THE DA VINCI CODE                            94
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
   a killer's identity.
3 THE CAT WHO DROPPED A                           1
    BOMBSHELL (Putnam,
    $23.95). By Lilian
  Jackson Braun. Felines
     Koko and Yum Yum
  tackle another Pickax
       City murder.
4  MARY, MARY (Little,                            8
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
5    S IS FOR SILENCE                             5
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
6 EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE                           3
   (Ballantine, $25.95)
  By Judith McNaught. A
  romantic dalliance in
  the tropics ensnares a
     young woman in a
   high-profile murder
         inquiry.
7  ON THE RUN (Bantam,                            3
  $26). By Iris Johansen
  A mother and daughter,
  both in CIA protective
  custody, are forced to
     flee when their
       location is
       discovered.
8   PREDATOR (Putnam,                            10
   $26.95). By Patricia
    Cornwell Forensic
       examiner Kay
   Scarpetta, now based
  in Florida, is stymied
  by a series of bizarre
   slayings and thorny
          clues.
9     THE CAMEL CLUB                             11
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
1     ALL NIGHT LONG                              2
0  (Putnam, $24.95) By
  Jayne Ann Krentz. The
  suspicious death of a
      friend leads a
  journalist into a web
       of political
       maneuvering.
    Nonfiction/General
1   STATE OF WAR: THE                             2
  SECRET HISTORY OF THE
     CIA AND THE BUSH
   ADMINISTRATION (Free
   Press, $26) By James
   Risen. Exposing the
     domestic spying
         scandal.
2  MY YEAR IN IRAQ: THE                           1
   STRUGGLE TO BUILD A
  FUTURE OF HOPE (Simon
  & Schuster, $27) By L.
   Paul Bremer III with
    Malcolm McConnell
3  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          40
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
4 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           5
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
5  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           14
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
6 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          39
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
7  FOR LACI: A MOTHER'S                           1
   STORY OF LOVE, LOSS,
   AND JUSTICE (Crown,
    $25.95). By Sharon
  Rocha Laci Peterson's
     mom recounts her
    harrowing ordeal.
8   MY FRIEND LEONARD                             3
  (Riverhead, $24.95) By
     James Frey. Frey
  recounts his continued
    recovery from drug
  abuse with the aid of
  a pal he allegedly met
        in rehab.
9  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                           11
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
1 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES: 10Rankings reflect sales for the week ended January
0 AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS 15, 2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
    (Simon & Schuster,   permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2006
  $25). By Jimmy Carter      by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
    Cautioning against     italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
        religious          which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
     fundamentalism's     Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
        influence.                    separate, monthly list.)

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            November 5, 2010 Friday
                                 Ulster Edition

PARTY TIME FOR BOBBY;
IT WAS A LONG TIME COMING BUT BOBBY RAY SIMMONS HAS HIT PAY DIRT AT LAST

BYLINE: GAVIN MARTIN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 627 words


This was the year that Bobby Ray Simmons Jr, aka B.O.B, became an international
star. He went to the top of the charts on both sides of the Atlantic with his
debut album B.O.B Presents: The Adventures Of Bobby Ray, and the 21-year-old
from Atlanta, Georgia, saw his first two singles Nothin' On You and Airplanes
also hit the UK top slot.

With a stellar guest list including Janelle Monae, Eminem and Paramore's Hayley
Williams, The Adventures Of... marks out Bobby Ray as the crossover rap star for
the new decade.

But, having been signed to his label in 2006, Simmons is not an overnight
success story. After all the planning - and some frustration - the album's
success finally gave him a cue to make merry.

"This whole year has been a celebration," he laughs. "I have partied more this
year than I have in my entire life. A little bit of plant life, a little wine,
tasty grapes, y'know?

"Every kid dreams of success at this level. Since I got signed I've been
prepared, gradually, for the changes that happened this year. It shows how much
things can pay off. I'm just glad the world is receiving the music as well as it
is."

Four years from signing until getting a record released is a long time to wait.
Such delays have become an increasingly common problem for many hip-hop artists.
At one point Ray even considering jacking it all in.

"I was definitely frustrated," he admits. "But I was still releasing mixtapes so
I had some type of outlet and was able to do songs at shows that people knew.
Because I didn't have an album or a single on the radio, I had to finagle my way
into the stores."

So what's the secret of his success?

"My approach to music is to connect with the masses," he says. "I really try to
speak to the person. I'm not just listening to myself sing."

It's all a far cry from his early performances on Atlanta's club scene.

"When I was 15, I performed looking at the ground - really shy, timid and
nervous," Bobby explains.

"I had to learn how to perform, I had to pull my personality onto the stage. It
comes from loving what you do."

On the album - with its imaginative songs blending rap, rock, soul and pop - he
sings about "wearing a mask to get off my block". Bobby's donned several masks
to present himself as all things to all listeners.

"Around the time I recorded I'll Be In The Sky in 2007 I felt that I needed to
grow," he says. "I didn't want to box myself in. The album was originally called
The Adventures of B.O.B, but I called it The Adventures Of Bobby Ray because I
didn't want to get boxed into B.O.B. Using my given name, Bobby Ray was a way of
breaking out of the shell and showing growth. It's really all about growth as an
artist.

"I didn't plan on having so many guests on the album, but I figured if I'm going
to introduce myself to the world I may as well bring some friends with me."

Among them, one had special significance, namely his childhood hero and master
of personas, Eminem.

"He was a huge influence growing up," Bobby agrees.

"I could really relate to his music. When I met him, he was a real calm person
and working with him was a calming experience. Regardless of whether I worked
with him or not, meeting him was a great experience. It connected the dots of my
childhood."

By taking his nickname from B.O.B. (Bombs Over Baghdad), a song by fellow
Atlantans Outkast, Ray tied himself to the local Dirty South sound. As yet he's
had no chance to enjoy the material wealth that has come his way, but next year
he plans to buy a house in Atlanta.

"I didn't realise how Southern I was until I started going to other places in
the world," Bobby laughs. "Then I realised, 'Damn, I'm really Southern!' So
that's where I'm gonna stay."

Single Magic (ft Rivers Cuomo) out Monday. UK tour supporting Paramore starts
same day.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUCCESS AT LAST: Bobby Ray Simmons

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2010 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                             August 25, 2008 Monday

BYLINE: Emily Heil and Elizabeth Brotherton, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: HEARD ON THE HILL

LENGTH: 1291 words


Loretta and Linda Lit. Looking for in-flight reading material that falls
somewhere on the

intellectual-engagement scale between that dense briefing book and Us Weekly?
HOH humbly suggests the S++nchez sisters' new book, "Dream in Color: How the
S++nchez Sisters Are Making History in Congress."

In addition to perky truisms - "you can't accomplish your goals if you don't
try" and "the first step toward making anything happen is to believe it's
possible" - the book actually offers some good behind-the-scenes maneuvering
over legislation and a few juicy tidbits.

Among HOH's favorites:

¥ Rep. Linda S++nchez (D-Calif.) on the House's letches: "I've had members
proposition me, and there are even ones twice my age who have this sort of
rock-star mentality that everybody wants to be their groupie. When they are
turned down politely but firmly, some of them still won't take no for an answer.
Soon, the word gets around: they are the ones to avoid, the ones who are always
a little too friendly or a little too touchy-feely." Aw, c'mon Congresswoman, no
names?

¥ Linda on some colleagues' use of feminine wiles: "Among the women in Congress
there are probably one or two who try to use their femininity or their good
looks to finagle things out of people, and the other members really resent
that." Again, HOH is wishing S++nchez had dropped a dime on her pretty (and
pretty manipulative) fellow House-ers.

¥ Rep. Loretta Sanchez (D-Calif.) describes getting into a verbal fight with
Rep. Vernon Ehlers (R-Mich.) on the House floor, while Ehlers was chairing the
task force investigating allegations that she had won her election by voter
fraud. Rep. Alcee Hastings (D-Fla.) had to break up the fight. Since then,
Sanchez and Ehlers have never had a "working kinship."

¥ There's some dish over the much-covered flap when the S++nchez sisters quit
the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in protest of Rep. Joe Baca (D-Calif.)
allegedly calling Loretta "a whore." In writing about the incident, Linda
essentially calls Baca an aging sexist. "Male superiority is very deeply
ingrained in some Latino men of a certain generation - the old 'women should be
seen and not heard' mentality - and Baca belongs to that camp, although he would
certainly deny that."

A Craig-in-Court Coincidence. Sen. Larry Craig likely won't attend the
Republican National Convention in Minneapolis-St. Paul next week - he's retiring
from office at the end of the 110th Congress, after all. But the Idaho
Republican is expected in the Twin Cities on Sept. 10 to appeal his conviction
on that whole lewd-conduct-in-an-airport-bathroom thing, which, of course,
prompted said retirement.

The number of journalists covering oral arguments in the appeal no doubt won't
match those at the convention, but Craig's court date still is expected to be a
media circus. Thirty seats for reporters have been reserved in the courtroom,
with overflow seating in another room at the courthouse. There's a special room
reserved for reporters to conduct interviews, and St. Paul city officials are
even allowing media satellite trucks to pay a flat fee to park near the
courthouse - and avoid the need to keep feeding the meter.

Housing Crisis. Plenty of enterprising Denver-ites have taken advantage of the
convention's housing crunch to offer their pads out for rent to visiting
politicos, but just such a transaction left one would-be renter feeling burned.
A poster on the online classified Web site Craigslist complained that Heather
Ryan, the long-shot Democrat vying for incumbent Kentucky GOP Rep. Ed
Whitfield's seat, agreed to rent her house but later backed out of the deal.

The unidentified - and irate - Denver resident even went so far as to post the
entire e-mail exchange between herself and the candidate in which Ryan claims
she, her husband, two kids and a "Kentucky Blogger" will rent the house. Ryan
assures the house's owner that they're "not big party animals" and even offers
to provide the owner an alias for the blogger to use (in case the blogger
mentioned the homeowner in a blog post). According to the e-mails, she says she
will call and drop a campaign check to cover the deposit, but when the check
doesn't arrive, the homeowner panics about being stood up. "If I do not here
[sic] from you my noon MST tomorrow, I will begin contacting news outlets ... so
that the public and other politicians know you made a deal and broke it."

Ryan's campaign manager, Crystal Riley, then e-mails the homeowner saying they
didn't like the previous e-mail's "threatening tone" and informing the homeowner
that the Ryan camp would find other accommodations.

The homeowner complained on Craigslist that she wants the public to know about
what she felt were Ryan's deal-breaking ways. "While not a legal issue perhaps,
it is definitely a character issue," she writes.

Riley tells HOH the incident was a misunderstanding, and that the campaign
figured that since they didn't call to confirm their stay, the homeowner would
assume the deal was a no-go. The Ryan campaign, by the way, ended up deciding
attending the convention was too expensive after all.

And even though money is tight for the shoestring campaign, Riley says they
would have been happy to send their would-have-been host a thank-you present for
her efforts. "But she seems really mad, and we don't want to make her angrier,"
Riley says.

Saying Farewell. Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) and Rep. Steve Cohen (D-Tenn.)
joined the actors, musicians and fans who attended a memorial service last week
for soul singer Isaac Hayes.

Hayes, who died at his home in Memphis on Aug. 10 after suffering a stroke, was
most famous for penning the theme to the movie "Shaft" and voicing the character
Chef on "South Park."

But he also was a proud Tennessean, and entered the world of politics to
publicly support Cohen's bid for re-election, appearing in a print ad with the
Tennessee Democrat reading, "Steve Cohen: He Gets The Job Done ... Can You Dig
It?"

Cohen, who called Hayes "a soul man and a great man," has now launched a bid to
rename the Memphis International Airport after the singer.

Don't Worry, Be Happy. With thousands of convention-goers facing hectic travel
and long work hours, there will be plenty of complaints echoing from Denver and
Minneapolis over the next two weeks. But Rep. Sam Graves wants to remind
everybody that "having a positive life begins with having a positive attitude."

Just before jetting off for the August recess, the Missouri Republican
introduced a bill supporting "Complaint Free Wednesday," a measure that would
make the Wednesday before Thanksgiving officially complaint-free. The average
person complains 15 to 30 times a day, the bill notes, resulting in
4,570,350,000 complaints each day in the United States.

The measure stems from work done by the nonprofit group A Complaint Free World,
which has passed out more than 5 million purple bracelets as a reminder to folks
to keep a positive attitude. Founder Will Bowen described the effort as "a great
American smoke out for complaining."

"Just go one day, just try to go one day without complaining," he said. "We're
so busy focusing on what's wrong in this great country, we're not busy focusing
on what's right and building on that."

Many of society's ills stem from complaints, according to the bill. "People
complain in order to negatively get attention from others, avoid taking action,
pre-excuse poor performance, brag, or exercise control over others," the bill
reads, continuing that complaining "damages a person's health" and "violence
usually begins with complaining."

So when you're stuck in traffic trying to get to the Pepsi Center this week, try
not to complain about it.

Please send your hot tips, juicy gossip or comments to hoh@rollcall.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Roll Call, Inc.


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               March 30, 1996, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Power and perception

BYLINE: BRIAN LANDMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; NCAA FINAL FOUR; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.



For most folks, the tendency is to presumptuously view tonight's NCAA Final
Four games as analogous to pro football's semifinals.

Of late, the NFC Championship, cast as the game of the year/decade/century,  has
rendered the Super Bowl anticlimactic; a foregone conclusion.

In this case, we have Massachusetts, the nation's No. 1-ranked team and the
East Regional's top seed, facing No. 2 Kentucky, the top-seeded team from the
Midwest, in a ballyhooed rematch of an early season game.

"It's going to be a great, great college basketball game," UMass coach  John
Calipari said.

Kentucky coach Rick Pitino said his talent-laden team must play a great  game to
beat UMass, which has been "the most dominating team in college  basketball the
past two years."

Wow. Meanwhile, unheralded Mississippi State, the No. 5-seeded team in the
Southeast Regional, plays overachieving Syracuse, the No. 4-seeded team in the
West, in the other game.

Any guesses which game is seen as Dallas-San Francisco?

Any guesses which game is seen as supplying college basketball's version of  the
Buffalo Bills for Monday night's finale?

"We knew coming into this game that Kentucky and UMass was going to be  billed
as the championship before the championship," Mississippi State junior  forward
Dontae' Jones said.

"We don't look at it like that. We've been sort of the underdog the whole  year
long and we feel we haven't gotten the respect we should have throughout  the
year. But we don't worry about what the outside people think about the  game. .
. . If people want to look at it as the JV game, we'll take it like  that."

JV?

Syracuse star forward John Wallace, who eschewed the lure of NBA millions  last
year to return for his senior season, bristles at that suggestion.

"We couldn't care less about what people say," he said. "I mean, we're  here."

But both the Bulldogs and Orangemen have embraced and fed off the  perception
they have been and remain underdogs.

Shoot. Even the Minutemen and the Wildcats are trying their best to finagle
that status for tonight's game. Kentucky is a prohibitive favorite.

"Gambling is like politics - I don't understand it," Kentucky senior  center
Mark Pope said. "It doesn't make any sense. They beat us. They beat  everyone
they've played. They've proven that they're a great team. We're going  to come
in and try to battle and compete."

Player of the Year Marcus Camby said he and the Minutemen have been  underdogs
all season; few thought they were as good as they've shown against a  rigorous
schedule or had the depth for such a run.

"We weren't expected to win or win the bracket in the East in Atlanta,"  he
said. "So, we're just going to come out and let it fly."

Regardless of who wears the mantle as favorite, Kentucky senior guard Tony  Delk
admitted it might be more appropriate for the nation's top two teams to  play
for the title and not in the semifinal. But he dismisses the hype that  the
finale will be a foregone conclusion.

"Like we said, we take it one game at a time," he said. "We know if we  beat
them, we have another game and our work is not finished."

Still, the lopsided pairings have sparked talk of reseeding the teams at  this
stage of the tournament to help guarantee the glitziest matchup in the
championship game. Not a good idea, the coaches insist.

"I think it would open up another can of worms," Calipari said. "I think  the
way it's run, the success of the tournament is unparalleled. I don't think  you
mess with it."

Although a top-seeded team has won five of the last six championships,  history
should warn folks of ignoring the other  game.

In 1983, Houston, led by Akeem Olajuwon and Clyde Drexler, met Louisville  in a
semifinal matchup of two top seeds. No. 4 Georgia met No. 6 North  Carolina
State in the other game. Coach Jim Valvano's Wolfpack went on to  upset Houston
for the title.

In 1985, most considered the showdown of top seeds Georgetown and St.  John's as
the true championship game. Oops. No. 8-seeded Villanova, which beat  No. 3
Memphis in a semifinal, stunned Patrick Ewing and the Hoyas.

And then in 1988, Arizona and Oklahoma were both top seeds, while Duke and
Kansas met in a No. 2 vs. No. 6. The Jayhawks, led by Danny Manning won the
title over the Sooners.

"We're certainly not the marquee matchup," Mississippi State coach  Richard
Williams said. "You have the No. 1 and No. 2 team in the country  playing the
other game. . . . I want to see that game. But I think both we and  Syracuse
deserve to be here."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO,
Associated Press; Kentucky's Rick Pitino; UMass' John Calipari; Mississippi
State's Bubba Wilson watches teammate Erick Dampier dunk at a practice for
tonight's national semifinal.

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           December 17, 2009 Thursday

CINEMAFILE: CARTOON CAJUNS;
DISNEY'S NEW ANIMATED FILM TAKES AN OLD-SCHOOL APPROACH TO A NEW SUBJECT AREA

BYLINE: REVIEW BY RICK ROMANCITO

SECTION: TEMPO; Pg. TE-45

LENGTH: 554 words


Review by Rick Romancito

The Disney plot formula is obviously alive and well, but that doesn't
necessarily mean the Mouse House's latest is as good as, say, "The Little
Mermaid," "Hunchback of Notre Dame" (a personal favorite) or "Beauty and the
Beast," all generally referenced as modern "classics" for those too young to
remember "Bambi" or "Fantasia."

By that I mean movies from the studio's best musical-comedy era, while fun and
entertaining, hit a certain level of sameness in terms of story that it never
left.

The new film titled "The Princess and the Frog" is based upon the venerable
fairy tale, but with a twist. This story is set in what appears to be circa
1950s New Orleans and follows an ambitious young woman's quest to fulfill hers
and her late father's dream -- to open the best restaurant and night spot in the
Big Easy. It's tough going, obviously, but the only reference to her biggest
obstacle, race, is dispensed with in a single throwaway line. Reminiscent of the
way Disney dealt with similar difficult issues in "Pocahontas," the movie
develops a momentum built on slapstick action to punctuate scenes that might
otherwise tip over into socially relevant territory.

So, Tiana's (voiced by Anika Noni Rose) hardest task is to raise enough money to
purchase an old sugar factory from tips she receives from working her fingers to
the bone as a waitress. As a child, she was best friends with a flighty girl
named Charlotte (Jennifer Cody), whose father, Big Daddy LaBouff (John Goodman)
regularly used the skills of her seamstress mother Eurora (Oprah Winfrey). Both
have stayed friends, and so when the handsome and skirt-chasing Prince Naveen
(Bruno Campos) shows up, Charlotte finagles a dinner party to find a way to
romance him.

Tiana can go too, but only because she knows how to bake the best beignets in
town, and Charlotte plans to use them to woo the prince (a beignet is a kind of
French donut-like pastry). As things develop, a mistaken identity situation
occurs in which the Prince inadvertently believes Tiana is a princess. This is
part of the twist I mentioned before. See, a nefarious scheme has transformed
the prince into a frog and so, when he sees Tiana, thinks he can be turned back
into a human after one kiss.

The trouble is, it doesn't work. Also, Naveen isn't quite the dashing prince
he's made out to be.

Tiana suddenly finds herself a frog and now must team up with Naveen to figure
out a way to reverse a Cajun voodoo curse. Along the way, we are introduced to a
cast of colorful characters that help bring the bayou to life, Disney style.

In many ways, this film is engaging because the characters are relatively
engaging, but not if you have to think about them for too long. That's probably
why the action is so frenetic. This also marks a return to traditional cell
animation for Disney, which is interesting because Japanese animator Hayao
Miyazaki has been pretty much declared the art form's master while Disney turned
to the digital masters at Pixar.

You decide what all that means.

"The Princess and the Frog" is rated G for all audiences. It is showing at the
Storyteller Cinema. Call (575) 758-9715 for show times or visit online
www.transluxmovies.com.

"Cinemafile" reviews are based upon opening weekend screenings. Check current
listings for possible schedule changes.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 26, 2013, Friday

MOUNTAIN STATE TO THE NFL;
36 with West Virginia ties on NFL rosters

BYLINE: Rick Ryan, Assistant sports editor

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 1700 words


INSIDE: List of NFL players with ties to West Virginia 5B

At the start of the week, there were 36 players bearing West Virginia ties on
NFL training camp rosters and just about as many story lines.

First are established veterans like running back Ahmad Bradshaw (Marshall),
safety Ryan Mundy (West Virginia) and offensive lineman Doug Legursky (MU), all
bearing Super Bowl rings and all debuting with new teams this season - Bradshaw
with the Colts, Mundy the Giants and Legursky the Bills.

Then there are the high draft choices looking to make an immediate impact in the
league - such as WVU receiver Tavon Austin (first round, Rams), WVU quarterback
Geno Smith (second round, Jets) and Herd receiver Aaron Dobson (second round,
Patriots).

Finally, there are the undrafted free agents just trying to hang around long
enough to get noticed and finagle a coveted roster spot - players like receiver
Tyrone Goard (Bengals) and running back Jordan Roberts (Chiefs).

Most NFL camps opened this week, and by Saturday all rookies and veterans across
the league are scheduled to report.

Certainly, most of the attention this preseason will focus on Austin, Smith,
Dobson and another WVU rookie receiver, Stedman Bailey, a third-round pick of
the Rams who is rooming with Austin in training camp.

Austin, taken eighth overall, was the first skill-position player selected in
the draft. He said his first few workouts provided a difficult adjustment.

"In the beginning, it was kind of difficult,'' Austin said on the Rams' official
website, "because at West Virginia there are signals and now it's just words.
It's hard, but it's slowing down a little bit for me. It's totally different,
but it's all repetition and getting it down pat.''

Austin, who is expected to split time at running back, receiver and kick
returner, is glad a familiar face like Bailey is there with him in camp.

"We're learning together because we're roommates,'' Austin said. "We definitely
quiz each other while we're in there. It's a blessing to have Stedman with me,
because we can definitely learn together . . . but at the same time, it depends
on [the chemistry between] the quarterback and the wide receiver.''

Austin said he's not feeling the pressure of contributing right away as a high
draft pick.

"It's just something I'm trying not to think about, to be honest,'' he said. "I
know I ain't Superman, but I want to come in and do my part when the coaches
call on me. Right now, they're trying to get us caught up with the veterans when
they come back.''

Dobson, the former South Charleston High School standout who became the first
state high school player drafted into the NFL since 2004, will also have his
progress scrutinized in Patriots camp, as New England attempts to identify new
targets for quarterback Tom Brady.

If tight end Rob Gronkowski's injuries don't heal in time for the season opener,
the Patriots will be without players who provided 82 percent of their catches
and 85 percent of their touchdown receptions last year, making Dobson's learning
curve and contributions all the more important.

Dobson is presently penciled in as second-string on the depth chart, running
behind Michael Jenkins, a 10-year veteran and another newly acquired receiver.
Most Patriots observers feel like Mike Reiss and Field Yates of ESPNBoston.com
when sizing up that battle.

"When it comes to a taller 'X' receiver on the edge,'' Reiss and Yates wrote,
"there is the proven commodity [Jenkins] versus the higher-upside rookie
[Dobson]. In spring drills, Jenkins was a consistent presence in the role by
taking most of the top-unit reps, but that doesn't mean he'll necessarily be
there when it counts.

"You have to figure Dobson will be given every chance to seize the job and
develop the desired connection with quarterback Tom Brady. He showed flashes of
excellence in camp [specifically in contested situations down the sideline] but
also some inconsistency catching the ball.''

The brightest spotlight of training camp, of course, will focus on Smith, who's
in the running with veteran Mark Sanchez to quarterback the Jets. Smith just
signed a four-year deal Monday worth about $5 million.

Jets offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg has already heaped praised on Smith.

"He's way ahead of the pace of a normal rookie," Mornhinweg said to the New York
Daily News. "Guys that are quite skilled sometimes get away with some mechanical
[flaws] in a game. They're just so good athletically that they get away with
them for a period of time and then they get better and better and better and
better.

"I think Geno's close. I don't think he's there yet. But he's close to being
able to get into a game and function at a high level. So our whole challenge -
and his challenge - is that first preseason game. Now let's get to a point where
you can function at a high level.''

At the other end of the spectrum are players like Goard and Roberts, West
Virginia high school products who got their foot in the door as UFAs and hope
their play in camp turns more heads than UFOs.

Both appear to face uphill climbs to earning a roster spot.

In Goard's first two days at rookie minicamp in May, the Capital High graduate
dropped at least five passes, according to Bengals beat reporter Joe Reedy of
the Cincinnati Enquirer.

With the Bengals sporting a more experienced receiving unit this season, Goard's
challenge becomes even more difficult unless he does something to make himself
stand out in training camp. He's currently listed as fifth-string at right wide
receiver, and on Thursday was placed on the active/PUP list with a finger
injury.

At Eastern Kentucky last fall, Goard provided plenty of explosive plays with his
6-foot-4, 205-pound frame, catching 41 passes for 900 yards and eight
touchdowns, averaging 22 yards per catch. He hauled in 24 TD passes over three
seasons and was one of only a few FCS players invited to the NFL combine.

Roberts likewise faces long odds in Chiefs camp.

The former Scott High and University of Charleston runner saw his week start off
nicely as he threw out the first pitch at a West Virginia Power home game
Sunday. The next morning, he flew out for the start of training camp in St.
Joseph, Mo.

Roberts put a photo of himself running the ball in individual drills on his
Twitter account Wednesday. He wore the Chiefs bright-red uniform bearing the No.
45.

It's going to take a lot for Roberts to catch the eye of first-year coach Andy
Reid, however, as the Chiefs didn't attempt a single running play in team drills
through the first two days of camp. Reid was notoriously pass-happy when the
coached the Eagles.

With the Chiefs, Roberts is listed as fifth-string at running back behind Jamaal
Charles, Knile Davis, Shaun Draughn and Cyrus Gray. Roberts set several school
records at UC after transferring from WVU.

Of the 36 players with West Virginia ties in NFL camps, 21 played at WVU and 11
at Marshall. The other four hail from Eastern Kentucky (Goard and former Roane
County lineman Derek Hardman, now with the Lions), UC (Roberts) and Shepherd
(Colts tight end Dominique Jones from Shepherd).

Five are former state high school players - Legursky (Woodrow Wilson), Dobson,
Goard, Roberts and Hardman.

At least three other West Virginia college players who signed NFL free-agent
deals after the draft in April are no longer listed on their respective teams'
rosters - WVU guard Jeff Braun (Ravens) and running back Shawne Alston (Saints)
and Marshall receiver Antavious Wilson (Jets).

One more state native could hook up with a team before training camps end - and
it's a well-known name.

Randy Moss, now a 14-year NFL veteran and 36 years old, has been the subject of
speculation at 49ers camp and for a few other NFL teams. Last year for a San
Francisco team that reached the Super Bowl, Moss caught 28 passes for 434 yards
and three TDs.

FROM THE MOUNTAIN STATE TO THE NFL

The following is a list of 36 players currently in NFL training camps with
connections to the state of West Virginia:

Player NFL team Hgt Wgt Pos College/Prep

Tavon Austin Rams 5-9 174 WR West Virginia

Stedman Bailey Rams 5-10 193 WR West Virginia

Daniel Baldridge Titans 6-8 323 OT Marshall

Don Barclay Packers 6-4 305 G-T West Virginia

Ahmad Bradshaw Colts 5-10 214 RB Marshall

Omar Brown Ravens 5-11 195 S Marshall

Selvish Capers Giants 6-5 315 OL West Virginia

Vinny Curry Eagles 6-3 279 DE Marshall

Aaron Dobson Patriots 6-3 200 WR Marshall/SC HS

Terence Garvin Steelers 6-3 221 LB West Virginia

Tyrone Goard Bengals 6-4 205 WR Capital HS

Najee Goode Bucs 6-0 244 LB West Virginia

Derek Hardman Lions 6-6 300 OT Roane County HS

Mario Harvey Colts 6-0 264 ILB Marshall

Bruce Irvin Seahawks 6-3 248 DE West Virginia

Will Johnson Steelers 6-2 238 FB West Virginia

Adam Jones Bengals 5-10 180 CB West Virginia

Dominique Jones Colts 6-3 270 TE Shepherd

Johnny Jones Raiders 6-4 314 NT Marshall

Ellis Lankster Jets 5-9 190 CB West Virginia

Doug Legursky Bills 6-1 315 C-G Marshall/WW HS

Joe Madsen Steelers 6-3 310 C West Virginia

Pat McAfee Colts 6-1 233 P West Virginia

Albert McClellan Ravens 6-2 255 LB Marshall

Ryan Mundy Giants 6-1 209 S West Virginia

Chris Neild Redskins 6-2 325 NT West Virginia

Darius Reynaud Titans 5-9 208 KR West Virginia

Kent Richardson Browns 5-11 200 DB West Virginia

Jordan Roberts Chiefs 5-10 222 RB Scott HS/UC

Lee Smith Bills 6-6 265 TE Marshall

Geno Smith Jets 6-3 221 QB West Virginia

C.J. Spillman 49ers 6-0 199 S Marshall

Keith Tandy Bucs 5-10 205 S West Virginia

J.T. Thomas Bears 6-1 236 LB West Virginia

Pat White Redskins 6-0 190 QB West Virginia

J.D. Woods Steelers 6-0 203 WR West Virginia

AP photo

WVU's Tavon Austin was the No. 8 overall pick in the NFL draft, going to the
Rams.

AP photo

Tyrone Goard, who played at Capital in high school and Eastern Kentucky in
college, is trying to land as a free agent with the Cincinnati Bengals.

Courtesy photo

Former Scott High School and University of Charleston standout Jordan Roberts
hopes to land a spot on the Kansas City Chiefs roster.

AP photo

Aaron Dobson, who played at South Charleston and Marshall, is looking to catch
on and fill a wideout vacancy with the New England Patriots.

Reach Rick Ryan at 304-348-5175 or rickryan@wvgazette.com Ryan Pritt and Jesse
Smith contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 July 25, 2005 Monday 0 South Pinellas Edition

These recalled products pose serious risks

BYLINE: NANCY PARADIS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 746 words


The following products were recalled between July 1 and 14:

+ 17,400 "So Hot Way Cool Free Wheel Trucks" by Target Corp. Small parts could
break off the truck and pose a choking hazard to young children. Various trucks
sold in the recalled sets include a combination of fire trucks, oil trucks,
vegetable trucks, sanitation trucks, tow trucks and box trucks. They were sold
at Target Stores from April through May for about $5. Return to store for a gift
card in the amount of a full refund. Call toll-free 1-800-440-0680;
http://www.target.com.

+ 838,000 7.5-ounce boxes of Pure Milk Chocolate Covered Oreo Sandwich Cookies
with the UPC product code number of 44000 01094 and "Best When Used By" dates
through 05NOV05 by Nabisco. Some boxes may contain cookies with peanut butter
cream filling rather than the vanilla cream filling shown on the front label.
People with an allergy or severe sensitivity to peanuts run the risk of serious
or life-threatening allergic reaction if they eat these products. No other Oreo,
Fudge Covered Oreo or Nabisco Pure Chocolate Covered cookie products are part of
the recall, and no health risk exists for consumers who are not allergic to
peanuts. Return product to place of purchase for refund. Call toll-free
1-800-464-8264;  http://www.kraft.com/

specialreport.

+ All Orchid Island Juice Company unpasteurized orange juice products with a
code date of 7/25/05 or earlier and all unpasteurized frozen orange juice with
expiration codes of 04-25-2007 through 07-08-2007 for Just Pik't and Natalie's
Orchid Island Juice Co. brands; 18-04-2008 through 10-06-2008 for Floridella
brands;, bottle codes S3.2007.04.27 through S2.2007.06.27 for Herders and St.
Marc brands; and bottle code OE55 S1125 for the Sundecker brand. These products
may be contaminated with Salmonella typhimurium, a germ that can cause serious
and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and
others with weakened immune systems. The recalled orange juice was sold under
the following labels: Natalie's Orchid Island Juice Company, Ultimate Juice,
Albritton Fruit, Finagle A Bagel, Gourmet Garage, Kings Market, Nino Salvaggio,
Schnucks, Wegmans, Balducci's, and Zabars in gallon, half-gallon, quart, pint,
12-ounce and 8-ounce sizes. The containers are made of clear plastic. Consumers
who have purchased unpasteurized orange juice and/or unpasteurized frozen orange
juice distributed by Orchid Island Juice Co. should throw away the juice and
return just the container to the store of purchase for a full refund. Call (772)
465-1122.

Sources: Government recall site at  http://www.recalls.gov; Consumer Product
Safety Commission at  http://www.cpsc.gov, toll-free 1-800-638-2772; Food and
Drug Administration at  http://www.fda.gov.; USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline,
toll-free 1-800-535-4555; government food safety information at  http://www.food


safety.gov; National Highway Transportation Safety Administration's Auto Safety
Hotline,  http://www.nhtsa.dot.gov/hotline, toll-free 1-888-327-4236;
RecallWarnings at  http://www.recall-warnings.com.

Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a question, or your
own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have failed, write Times Action,
P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731, e-mail action@sptimes.com or call your
Action number, 727 893-8171, or, outside of Pinellas, toll-free 1-800-333-7505,
ext. 8171, to leave a recorded request.

We will not be responsible for personal documents, so please send only
photocopies. Readers must provide a full mailing address, including ZIP code.
Names of letter writers will not be omitted except in unusual circumstances.
Letters may be edited for length and clarity.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: ACTION; RECALLS

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             May 25, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

An Irish mob boss and the case of the missing alcoholic aunt

SECTION: REVIEW;SPORT; Pg. 22,23

LENGTH: 332 words


It''s along way from children''s books, but Eoin Colfer''s follow-up to his
first thriller for adults, Plugged, has something of the same madcap violence
that kids loved in the Artemis Fowl books which were once famously labelled "Die
Hard with Fairies".

The new one is called Screwed, and back again is 40-ish former Irish Army
soldier Daniel McEvoy, now the co-owner and acting bouncer in a seedy bar in
Cloisters, New Jersey. He''s going through a bad time.

His girlfriend Sofia keeps mixing him up with her long vanished husband Carmine,
local mob boss Irish Mike Madden wants him dead and, to cap it all, two bent
cops kidnap him and are about to torture him to death on a live video feed as
soon as they gather $20,000 in pledges from a sick audience of internet voyeurs.

But the cops have underestimated Daniel's ingenuity and he manages to escape. As
he has a restorative breakfast of French toast an attractive woman introduces
herself as his grandmother, the fourth and last wife of his late and very much
estranged grandfather, tough-as-nails tycoon Paddy Costello.

She asks him to look for his mother's youngest sister, his aunt Evelyn, an
alcoholic, missing for 20 years.

But before he can get on to that case a second crazed New York Irish mobster
chains him in the back of a yellow cab and drives him into the Hudson River.
Once more he finagles an escape and ties up the loose threads of this crazy
caper.

This second episode in the surreal and shambolic life of Daniel McEvoy whips
along at warp speed and bears as much resemblance to reality as a Looney Tunes
cartoon featuring Wile E Coyote and the Road Runner. It''s just as enjoyable,
though, and Co Wexford-born Colfer, known around the world for his hugely
successful children's books, has made a seamless - if perhaps unnecessarily
expletive-laden - transition to adult fiction.

MYLES McWEENEY THRILLER Screwed EoinColfer Headline, (EURO)18.70, pbk, 320 pages
Available with free P&P on www.kennys.ie or by calling 091 709350

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Adult sequel: Eoin Colfer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday

Cold Noses;
Pets of the Weem

SECTION: Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 453 words


Cold Noses, the Times-Union's weekly pet blog, features pets available for
adoption at local government-run shelters. For more information and photos of
all the animals featured, go to Jacksonville.com/coldnoses. For more pet news,
go to Jacksonville.com/news/pets.

Gator is a 3-year-old male American pit bull terrier. He is goofy, loves to play
and needs a family he can call his own with lots of love to give him. He is
neutered, current on shots, micro-chipped and vaccinated against rabies. Meet
him at Jacksonville Animal Care and Protective Services, 2020 Forest St. The
March adoption fee is $40. Adoption hours are 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday.
Phone: (904) 630-2489. Website: coj.net/pets.

Cyrus is a 6-year-old male Siamese cat. He has six toes on each paw, a cream and
white coat and chocolate paws, ears and tail. He is blind in one eye, is lovable
and gives kisses and purrs when petted. Meet him at Nassau County Animal
Services, 86078 License Road, Fernandina Beach. Adoption hours are 11 a.m.-4
p.m. Tuesday through Friday, 11 a.m.-3:30 p.m. Saturday. Fees vary. Phone: (904)
491-7440. Website: bit.ly/YGUTm5.

Mya is a 3-year-old female shepherd mix. She is house-trained, plays well with
others and knows basic commands and skills she will use to finagle extra treats.
She is current on shots and spayed. Meet her at the St. Johns County Pet Center,
130 N. Stratton Road, just off U.S. 1 in St. Augustine. St. Johns dog adoptions
are $35 for males, $50 for females. Adoption hours are 9 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Tuesday
through Saturday. Gates close 4 p.m. Saturday. Phone: (904) 209-6190. Website:
bit.ly/Qwo7jH.

Priscilla is a 5-year-old female brindle bulldog mix. She is very sweet, spunky,
affectionate and loves to play and learn new tricks. She is spayed and current
on shots. Meet her at Clay County Animal Care and Control, 3984 Florida 16 W.,
Green Cove Springs. Adoption hours are 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Tuesday-Friday, 10 a.m.-3
p.m. Saturday. Also, adoptable animals are at the Fleming Island Adoption
Center, 1809-1 Town Center Blvd. Hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday through
Sunday. Fees vary. Phone: (904) 269-6342. Website: bit.ly/W8xIEO.

Also at the Jacksonville center is Coco, a 12-year-old female orange tabby
domestic short-hair cat. She takes a minute to warm to people but when she does
you'll fall in love. She is declawed, spayed, current on shots, micro-chipped
and vaccinated against rabies. The March adoption fee is $40.

Also at the St. Johns center is Saber Tooth, a 6-year-old female medium-hair
cat. She is loving pet who loves to play and purr, but does not do well with
other cats or dogs. She is current on shots and spayed. St. Johns cat adoptions
are $20 for males, $30 for females.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Gator Cyrus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Florida Times-Union


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                January 14, 2007

EXTRA TIME: THINKING SPORT: Becks' move to Los Angeles mars a Swede's smell of
success

BYLINE: Geoffrey Mortlake

SECTION: OBSERVER OBSERVER SPORT PAGES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 458 words


2003: England invent Twenty20 cricket.

2007: Australia score record number of sixes in a record total against game's
inventors.

The debacle was all over in the time it took me to smoke a cigar. There being no
ashtray in the press box, I was forced to call up my saucer as a replacement. I
am glad I did, for at the conclusion of proceedings it was a moment's work to
pour them into an urn which, along with a Swiss Army knife, is something I
always carry on my person. Job jobbed, I turned to Ian Chappell and with an 'In
Affectionate Remembrance of English Twenty20 cricket' presented him with the
trophy. 'Nice gesture, mate,' he replied.

Buoyed by this uncharacteristic display of Oz camaraderie, I shuffled off to the
press conference in an upbeat frame of mind. If Duncan Fletcher has only one
message for us - which seems increasingly likely - it is that there is a
positive in everything. It is a lesson I hope I have learned.

Mortlake: Big Dunc, you must be quietly thrilled by the performance of young
James Anderson.

Fletcher: Sorry?

Mortlake: James Anderson, the Lancashire quick. . .

Fletcher: Yes, I know who he is.

Mortlake: The way on debut he had the nous and ability to buy the vital wicket
of the dreaded Hayden.

Fletcher: Yes.

Mortlake: Isn't that the kind of performance that makes being a coach so
worthwhile?

Fletcher: No.

Mortlake (huffy): Have it your own way.

If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again and at the third time of
asking I finally managed to finagle my way through Customs and depart the coarse
and uncouth country that is modern Australia.

The flight was a joy as I revelled in the silence. Is it because every
Australian shouts that no one has ever pointed out to them how rude this is?

My arrival was less successful, for standing at the end of the rope holding a
battered piece of card on which was written 'Mortlake' and looking for all the
world like a forlorn hitch-hiker was. . . the Swede.

'Geoffrey, why you not answer your phone?'

'I've been on a plane, Svennis.'

'Ahhh, that explains it. Anyway, we must move quick. I have promised Marseille
that if they buy me, they get Beckham half-price but now Harry Harris tells me
David is going to LA.'

'But he can't act.'

'To play football, Geoffrey.'

'But he can't -'

'They are paying him £ 70,000 a day.'

'Who?'

'Galaxy.'

'To be the face of a chunky chocolate bar?'

'It's a football team.'

'It was a joke, Sven, a little joke. LA Galaxy are managed by Frank Yallop.'

'Who is?'

'A former Ipswich stalwart. Which means. . .'

'I know what this word stalwart means.'

'You don't have a problem. If Beckham won't come to Marseille, then Svennis must
go to LA.'

'Me? The Swede? In Hollywood?'

'It had to happen. Bye bye, Athole Still, hello Tom Cruise.'

geoffrey.mortlake@observer.co.uk


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

CASTING CALL REACHES BACK THREE DECADES

BYLINE: WILLIAM R. LEVESQUE, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Bryan Cranston's movie cops an '80s vibe.


Pastels. Leg warmers. Big earrings. Loud silk shirts. Jelly sandals.

Few of the people who showed up at the Tampa Convention Center for the casting
call Saturday of Bryan Cranston's movie, The Infiltrator, wanted to admit that
they still keep any of this clothing in their closet.

The movie is set in the 1980s, so the casting agency encouraged folks who wanted
to be extras or stand-ins for featured actors to show up in period garb. Part of
the movie will be filmed in Tampa Bay later this month.

"I'm sad to say there were still some things in my closet that kind of worked,"
said Rob Gruen, 65, of Tampa, who was applying to be an extra and looked ready
for the set of Miami Vice in a light-gray suit, triple-pleated pants, a black
T-shirt and a gold chain. "I don't know if I want to admit that."

Hundreds of Tampa Bay residents answered the casting call for The Infiltrator
and will be awaiting calls in coming days telling them whether they made the
cut. Casting officials could not say how many they expect to hire.

The $47.5 million movie stars Cranston as Robert Mazur, a Tampa resident and
former undercover federal agent who infiltrated Pablo Escobar's drug money
laundering empire.

Officials at Marinella Hume Casting warned folks not to expect a speaking part
with Cranston, who played Walter White onBreaking Bad. If selected, they may
appear onlyin the background of shots and might be visible for just a few
seconds.

Still, casting officials said they won't discourage dreamers. Once in a great
while, an extra might catch a director's eye and finagle their way into a
speaking part.

"Lightning does and can strike," said Lee Ann Harvey, a casting associate. "Just
don't expect it."

And to emphasize that, this casting call had nothing to do with acting. Nobody
was asked to read lines. Nobody really cared if you played Othello in high
school. Instead, casting officials took down a few details of everyone's
biography and then took a photo of applicants.

Those extras who get a call back will earn up to $112 for 12 hours' work.

Anyone strolling around downtown Tampa on Saturday might have been forgiven if
they thought they had stumbled upon a convention of Tom Selleck or Pat Benatar
impersonators. In fact, an announcement for the casting call suggested that men
"think Magnum P.I.," Selleck's 1980s series, and that women think "full, big
hair."

Courtney Saunders, 26, of Tampa had Benatar down cold. It took help from a
friend's mom who actually recalled tending her own hair in the '80s.

Saunders felt a little self-conscious. "My friend's mom said, 'Don't worry about
it,'" Saunders said. "She said everyone looked ridiculous back then."

Ray Wainright Jr., 56, of Ruskin looked as if he never got the memo about the
1980s clothing. His dress was Florida casual circa 2015. But Wainright said he
had another attribute: He's hairy.

"They said think Tom Selleck," he said. "I've got thick eyebrows. And I opened
up my shirt and showed off chest hair just like they had in the '80s."

Trey Reed, 45, of Seminole said he liked the 1980s vibe. The former VA physician
said he's got a wardrobe that looks like it was transported via time machine
from 1984.

"I've got a closet full of this stuff," said Reed, who had green pants and a
light-orange jacket and a loud shirt with wide collar. "I've got more of these
clothes than regular clothing. I love it."

Contact William R. Levesque at levesque@tampabay.com or (813) 226-3432.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            November 5, 2010 Friday
                                  Eire Edition

PARTY TIME FOR BOBBY

BYLINE: GAVIN MARTIN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 825 words


TJr, aka ent to tlantic his was the year that Bobby Ray Simmons B.O.B, became an
international star. He we the top of the charts on both sides of the At with his
debut album B.O.B Presents: The Adventures Of Bobby Ray, and the 21-year-old
from Atlanta, Georgia, saw his first two singles Nothin' On You and Airplanes
also hit the UK top slot.

With a stellar guest list including Janelle Monae, Eminem and Paramore's Hayley
Williams, The Adventures Of... marks out Bobby Ray as the crossover rap star for
the new decade.

But, having been signed to his label in 2006, Simmons is not an overnight
success story. After all the planning - and some frustration - the album's
success finally gave him a cue to make merry.

"This whole year has been a celebration," he laughs. "I have partied more this
year than I have in my entire life. A little bit of plant life, a little wine,
tasty grapes, y'know? "Every kid dreams of success at this level. Since I got
signed I've been prepared, gradually, f the changes that happened this year. It
shows ho things can pay off. I'm just glad the world is rece the music as well
as it is." for ow much iving Four years from signing until getting a record
released is a long time to wait. Such delays have become an increasingly common
problem for many hip-hop artists. At one point Ray even considering jacking it
all in.

"I was definitely frustrated," he admits. "But I was still releasing mixtapes so
I had some type of outlet and was able to do songs at shows that people knew.
Because I didn't have an album or a single on the radio, I had to finagle my way
into the stores."

So what's the secret of his success? "My approach to music is to connect with
the masses," he says. "I really try to speak to the person. I'm not just
listening to myself sing."

It's all a far cry from his early performances on Atlanta's club scene.

"When I was 15, I performed looking at the ground - really shy, timid and
nervous," Bobby explains.

looking at the ground - really shy, timid and nervous," Bobby explains.

"I had to learn how to perform, I had to pull my personality onto the stage. It
comes from loving what you do."

"I had to learn how to perform, I had to pull my personality onto the stage. It
comes from loving what you do."

On the album with its imaginative - songs blending rap, rock, soul and pop - he
sings about "wearing a mask to get off my block". Bobby's donned several masks
to present himself as all things to all listeners.

On the album - with its imaginative songs blending rap, rock, soul and pop - he
sings about "wearing a mask to get off my block". Bobby's donned several masks
to present himself as all things to all listeners.

"Around the time I recorded I'll Be In The Sky in 2007 I felt that I needed to
grow," he says. "I didn't want to box myself in. The album was originally called
The Adventures of B.O.B, but I called it The Adventures Of Bobby Ray because I
didn't want to get boxed into B.O.B. Using my given name, "Around the time I
recorded I'll Be In The Sky in 2007 I felt that I needed to grow," he says. "I
didn't want to box myself in. The album was originally called The Adventures of
B.O.B, but I called it The Adventures Of Bobby Ray because I didn't want to get
boxed into B.O.B. Using my given name, Bobby Ray was a way of breaking out of
the shell and showing growth. It's really all about growth as an artist. d
rtist.

"I didn't plan on having so many guests on the album, but I figured if I'm going
to introduce myself to the world I may as well bring some friends with me." bum,
world Among them, one had special significance, namely his childhood hero and
master of personas, Eminem. y his "He was a huge influence growing up," Bobby
agrees.

"I could really relate to his music. When I met him, he was a real calm person
and working with him was a calming experience. Regardless of whether I worked
with him or not, meeting him was a great experience. It connected the dots of my
childhood." ees. he a d ce.

By taking his nickname from B.O.B. (Bombs Over Baghdad), a song by fellow
Atlantans Outkast, Ray tied himself to the local Dirty South sound. As yet he's
had no chance to enjoy the material wealth that has come his way, but next year
he plans to buy a house in Atlanta.

chance to enjoy the material wealth that has come h way, but next year he plans
to buy a house in Atlant "I didn't realise how Southern I was until I started
going to other places in the world," Bobby laughs. "Then I realised, 'Damn, I'm
really Southern!' So that's where I'm gonna stay." Im stay. r tied had no his
nta. t d "I didn't realise how Southern I was until I started going to other
places in the world," Bobby laughs. "Then I realised, 'Damn, I'm really
Southern!' So that's where I'm gonna stay."

Single Magic (ft Rivers Cuomo) out Monday. UK tour supporting Paramore starts
same day.

Single Magic (ft Rivers Cuomo) out Monday. UK tour supporting Paramore starts
same day.

SUCCESS AT LAST: Bobby Ray Simmons

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2010 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

If A Stadium Is The Bottom, Baby, You're The Trop!

BYLINE: Daniel Ruth, druth@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 547 words


Daniel Ruth

druth@tampatrib.com

As you practice your spitting technique, grabbing various parts of your anatomy
and sharpening your scorecard pencil in advance of Friday's big game between the
Boston Red Sox and God's chosen children of our own "Field of Dreams," just a
few scribblings.

1. If you find yourself in front of a television camera try to refrain from:
"Woo! Woo! We're No. 1!" Please, can we try to come up with something more
original?

2. Despite their best efforts to prevent it, many pundits in the national sports
media will still continue to refer to the Rays as a Tampa team. This annoys the
hotsy-tots of St. Petersburg no end. Over on this side of Tampa Bay, though, not
so much.

3. Yes, the Trop is a dump, the mother of all dumps, the dump's dump, but it is
our dump. To be sure, the Tampa Rays' (sorry, couldn't resist) home field will
be belittled by the national sports media, who won't even know where they are in
the first place. Try to pretend to be outraged, as if someone actually noticed
your sister is 40 miles of bad road.

First Pitch

4. Don't you think, given all the cowbell rage, that Christopher Walken should
be invited to throw out the first pitch? Hey, it couldn't be any weirder than
the season the Rays have just experienced.

5. You're thinking of getting a mohawk, aren't you? Stop it! Stop it right now!
You're a 47-year-old accountant for crying out loud! Grow up!

6. What do you think the odds are that Tampa's poet laureate James Tokely is
working on his masterwork - "Ode To Longoria!" - that will come off making
"Beowulf" sound like: "There once was a girl from Nantucket ?"?

7. And while we're on the subject, what do you think the odds are Hillsborough
County Commissioner Jim Norman is trying to figure out a way to finagle his way
into a Trop skybox even if he has to dress up as an upstairs French maid posing
as a server to get close to a buffet table?

Uh, Still No!

8. Memo to Rays owner Stuart Sternberg: If the team goes to the World Series
this year, we know you'll expect the citizenry to pay for a new ball park for
the lads. You're a funny guy, but the answer is, or should be, no, a thousand
times no. But hey, thanks a bunch for a great season.

9. Don Zimmer should sing the national anthem. After all, didn't he scout
Francis Scott Key?

10. Since this is a relatively new experience for St. Petersburg Mayor Rick
Baker, when you make the traditional cheesy bet with Boston Mayor Thomas Menino,
while it is an interesting idea, offering to send the race-baiting village
blabbermouth Omali Yeshitela to Beantown is probably a nonstarter. Besides, it
might encourage the Beasts of the Bayfront (oooooh, scary!) to throw the series.

11. OK, sure it's a tradition and all that, but is there a sadder sight than to
watch all that perfectly drinkable champagne being wasted during post-game
celebrations? Wouldn't spraying each other with club soda, or Mountain Dew, or
Boone's Farm swill make more sense?

12. On second thought, now that the veep thing went bust, St. Petersburg native
and favorite son Gov. Charlie Crist would look positively spiffy with a mohawk.

Keyword: Book of Ruth, to read and comment on Daniel Ruth's blog.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                      January 26, 2004 - February 6, 2004

An 'Idol' outcast steps onstage

BYLINE: DENNIS HARVEY

SECTION: LEGIT REVIEWS; Resident; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 839 words

HIGHLIGHT: DREAMGIRLS


(SAN JOSE CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS; 2,600 SEATS; $ 75.50 TOP)

SAN JOSE, Calif. An American Musical Theater of San Jose production, in
association with California Music Theater and 5th Avenue Theater, of a musical
in two acts with book and lyrics by Tom Eyen, music by Henry Krieger. Directed
by Mark S. Hoebee. Musical director, Marc Falcone; choreographer, Brenda
Braxton; original set design, Robin Wagner; original costume design, Theoni V.
Alredge; additional costumes, Steven Howard, Bob Miller; lighting, Tom Sturge;
sound, Robert Sereno; production stage manager, Bob Bones. Opened Jan. 10, 2004.
Reviewed Jan. 11. Running time: 2 HOURS, 45 MIN.

Effie White .... Frenchie Davis

Deena Jones .... Angela Robinson

Curtis Taylor Jr. .... David Jennings

James Thunder Early .... Harrison White

Lorrell Robinson .... Ramona Keller

C.C. White .... Andre Garner

Marty .... Regi Davis

Michelle .... Rosena M. Hill

With: Don Alden, Carmichael Blankenship, Maureen Brown, Iris Burruss, Taryn
Darr, Doug Eskew, Wilkie Ferguson III, LaVon D. Fisher, Stacey Harris, Monique
L. Midgette, Christopher L. Morgan, Clifton Oliver, Kelsey Scott, Sandy Shimoda,
Kevin Steele, Robert Tatad, Erwin G. Urbi, Titus West, Ty Willis, Ted
Zervoulakos.

American Idol" outcast Frenchie Davis, in the role that made Jennifer Holliday a
star, provides the marquee value --- but not necessarily the only, or even the
best --- reason to see this sturdy revival of "Dreamgirls." Hewing close to the
blueprint of Michael Bennett's original 1981 Broadway production, current
edition is high-gloss fun with potential to travel past its current slate of
gigs at the three co-producing companies' West Coast houses.

Davis won notoriety when she was dropped abruptly from "Idol" last year after
revelation that she'd once posed for some risque photos --- a pretty ridiculous
reason to bar anyone from the already tawdry world of "reality TV" competition.
Viewer outcry didn't finagle her reinstatement, but the whole silly circumstance
might wind up being a career boost in the long run anyway.

She's aptly cast here as Effie, the heavy-set driving force behind the
Dreamettes --- a black girl group whose soap operatic saga vaguely echoes that
of the real-life Supremes.

Once the trio gets noticed, scoring a backup gig with James Brown-style soul
shouter James "Thunder" Early (the excellent Harrison White), ambitious new
manager Curtis (David Jennings) pulls a fast one. He insists Effie relinquish
lead vocals to slimmer, more conventionally pretty Deena (Angela Robinson) so
the redubbed Dreams can achieve a "lighter sound" and more glamorous image that
will help them cross over onto the pop charts.

Obstinate and hurt --- not least because Curtis had been sharing her bed ---
Effie finally gets thrown out of the group, her reaction being the blowout
protest torch song "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going" (the tune Davis slayed
"Idol" judges and fans with).

Act two finds her struggling to regroup while the Dreams get lonely at the top.
Chafing under Curtis' obsessive control, Deena wants to exit for an acting
career, Lorrell (Ramona Keller) yearns for simple domesticity and replacement
member Michelle (Rosena M. Hill) would prefer to jump ship alongside her beau
C.C. (Andre Garner), hit songwriter and Effie's (now estranged) brother.

Always more of an audience than a critical fave, "Dreamgirls" sports book and
lyrics by Tom Eyen that are just workmanlike, and a score by Henry Krieger
that's much better at R&B-to-disco Top 40 styles than it is when awkwardly
moving the plot along. Still, the predictable backstage histrionics provide
engine enough to support a nostalgic fashion show (both literal and musical)
that's slickly pulled off here.

As in Bennett's original production, settings are limited to mobile lighting
towers and a succession of variety-show curtains, while Theoni V. Aldredge's
costumes (abetted by new contributions from Steven Howard and Bob Miller) remain
a giddy, kitschy salute to the era's outrageous showbiz glamour. Tom Sturge's
rich lighting design and original cast member Brenda Braxton's clever
choreography put the finishing touches on a fleet, flashy physical production.

Though she has had some pro theatrical experience, Davis is still just 24 and
not yet fully ripened as a stage presence. Lacking nothing in the vocal
department --- a faint sonic resemblance to Aretha proves useful here --- she
hasn't yet learned to inhabit her character with equal confidence. As a result,
"I'm Not Going" comes off as a pyrotechnic climax rather than an emotional one;
the more relaxed post-intermission "I'm Changing" better showcases her dynamic
range. Still, there's little doubt that she's got the raw talent required, and
should grow to fill out her role as the run proceeds.

"Dreamgirls" isn't really a star vehicle in any case; Robinson, Keller, Jennings
and White more than pull their own weight, vocally and otherwise, in a cast
lineup that's quite strong overall.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 2004 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 9, 1999, Tuesday, Home Edition

Pay, parking a perk for teens

BYLINE: Jennifer Brett, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 308 words

A parking space is a prized find at Centennial High School in Roswell.

So are workers at the nearby Kroger.

To fill its ranks, the grocery store is offering a perk managers figure will
lure after-school help: Free parking.

"All you had to do was tell one kid," said Kroger customer service manager Diana
Lane. So far about 30 students have been hired to work in the store at Holcomb
Bridge and Eves roads. About a third of them plan to park there.

"I didn't realize that parking was such a problem, but apparently it is," said
Lane, whose own children attend South Gwinnett High School, where parking is
also at a premium. They park at a nearby church and walk a quarter- mile to
school.

The students who park at the Kroger that opened this week will have to remain in
good stead at work and at school to keep their parking spots, Lane said. They
also must sign forms agreeing not to let a friend park there, and must show up
for both school and work.

Evan Margulis, 15, said the idea of a free spot when he turns 16 helped him
decide to bag groceries for $ 5.75 an hour.

"I think I'm going to like having this job more because I'll have a parking
spot," he said.

Parking is a hassle at schools throughout the metro area as the number of
students with cars outpaces the number of parking spots. In some cases, students
finagle parking in residential areas near their school.

Centennial Principal Leonard Box said portable classrooms in the parking lots
behind the school limit spaces for students. Parking can cost up to $ 150 a year
with seniors getting first priority.

"That tells you how important parking is to students, that they'll pay $ 150 a
year to park," he said.

He'll wait and see if the Kroger deal will thin the Centennial lots much.

"It certainly gives students another opportunity for parking," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Roswell residents Evan Margulis, 15, and Heather Moore, 15, say the idea of a
free parking spot in Kroger's parking lot near Centennial High School --- along
with a job --- is enticing. / DWIGHT ROSS, JR. / Staff

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 9, 1993, Thursday

Life Watch GROWING AND COPING IN THE 90s Almost as important as the groom: The
wedding duties of the best man THE ROARING TWENTIES

BYLINE: Richard Gincel

SECTION: FEATURES; Section E; Page 3

LENGTH: 417 words


Q: My best friend asked me to be the best man at his wedding in April. I'm
pretty good at [mucking] things up, so I need to find out what to do and where
to start. - Joey Gant, 25, Atlanta

A: Even though you won't be saying "I do," expect to do a lot.

Get as much information as you can from the happy couple about the circumstances
for the occasion. Then get organized.

As best man, your role is two-fold: psychological for the groom; logistical for
the wedding.

Officially, you'll be responsible for making honeymoon travel arrangements,
getting service programs to the church, looking after the rings, buying
boutonnieres for the ushers, driving the bride and groom to the reception and
other last-minute details no one else wants to be bothered with.

Unofficially, you are there to soothe the groom's anxiety, contradict
"life-sentence" fears, and echo gleeful, premarital babbling.

You also get to ringmaster the bachelor party, where you can apply your dazzling
or twisted personality to ensure that it's a memorable bash that doesn't get
anyone tossed in the drunk tank, or worse.

Get a book on wedding etiquette. But be warned, such authors have a knack for
making even the most gargantuan tasks sound like a walk in the park. And unless
you fancy an Amish picnic, disregard their advice on bachelor parties.

Traditionally, weddings have more built-in glitches than the Hubble Space
Telescope, so you should also consult friends and relatives who actually filled
the shoes of best man or contact a professional wedding consultant and finagle
free advice.

You will also be toastmaster at the reception, where the complex mechanisms of
matrimony will be churning away with family dramas and blinding flashbulbs.

If you're running low on charm and wit at this point, fake it.

In the phone mail from last week's column:

As usual, you missed an opportunity to tell women that their chances of catching
AIDS from a gay man are about a 1,000 times greater than from a heterosexual
man. . . .

Assigning a numerical risk value to guess if someone is infected with HIV is
dangerous and I would never suggest playing the odds with a fatal disease. A
spokesman at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said he knows of no
study that would confirm your statement.

If you are a young adult with a question about careers or relationships, call
222-8620 or write to Roaring Twenties, Features Department, The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, Ga. 30302.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933470099

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                               May 9, 2010 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

A stirring look at persecution of gays by Nazis

BYLINE: JOHN TOWNSEND, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 335 words


Special to the Star Tribune

Opposites attract in this revival of a modern classic of same-sex love. The
generally lighthearted Actors Theater of Minnesota and Candid Theater, a group
known for its probing inquiries into sexuality, join hands for a bare-bones
production of the gay Holocaust drama "Bent" at St. Paul's Lowry Theater. The
term bent is German slang for homosexual.

Martin Sherman's 1979 drama broke ground by revealing the largely ignored
history of Nazi victimization of gays. In death camps, gay men were made to wear
pink triangles, often deemed lowlier than the Jewish yellow star.

"Bent" begins in Berlin during the Night of the Long Knives -- June 30 to July
2, 1934 -- when Hitlerian forces terrrorized gay homes and "homophile" clubs
after the Fuhrer ordered the murder of gay Sturmabteilung (SA) commander Ernst
Rohm. Barely escaping the purge are wealthy cad Max (James Napoleon Stone) and
dancer Rudy (an endearing Mickey Mittman). But they are ultimately arrested and
sent to Dachau.

To confirm his heterosexuality Nazi soldiers command Max to beat Rudy severely,
leading to his death, and have sex with an adolescent female corpse. This earns
Max a yellow star, hence a less punishing assignment of tediously piling rocks.
In the camp he finagles a place alongside him for Horst (Peter Beard), a gay man
who helped him en route to Dachau. They fall in love but cannot even look at,
much less touch, each other.

The play's famous scenes of the two men subversively speaking their erotic
visualizations still stir audiences, as Thursday's opening-night crowd
demonstrated.

Director Seraphina Stone moves the action briskly and menacingly for a crackling
two hours with lovely moments of tenderness.

John Townsend writes regularly about theater.

THEATER REVIEW

What: "Bent"

When: 7:30 p.m. Thu.-Sat. 5 p.m. Sun. Ends May 16.

Where: Lowry Theater, 16 W. 5th St., St. Paul.

Tickets: $15. 651-290-2290. www.Ticketmaster.com

Be advised: Contains male nudity, partial female nudity (topless), bloody
violence.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 13, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Cab Owners Look for New Start;
Leesburg Couple Opts To Move -- to Leesburg

BYLINE: Ellen Crosby, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: Loudoun Extra; T05

LENGTH: 1082 words


Seven months after picking up their first passenger -- an event that received
nationwide publicity -- Barry and Helen Lynch, owners of the British Taxi Co. in
Leesburg, have turned off the meter for good. The story of how the couple came
to own two of the famous London black taxis and attempted to transform the
novelty into a profitable business is best summed up by Barry Lynch's nickname:
"The Accidental Cabbie."

Not only has the company closed its doors, but the Lynches are also leaving
Leesburg. Sort of. They and their two children -- and the taxis -- are moving to
Leesburg, Fla. They plan to relocate their taxi company in Orlando, about an
hour's drive from Leesburg.

Barry Lynch's love affair with the boxy black cab, as much a symbol of London as
is Big Ben, became serious during an August 2001 business trip to the city.
Lynch was born there but left when he was 6.

He said he thought that the taxi, variations of which have plied London's
streets for more than 100 years, was "the coolest car in the world." And he
wanted one.

"It's a handmade car," said Lynch, an affable man with a ready laugh and a habit
of talking expansively with his hands. "The only purpose-built cab left in the
world since Checker stopped making them. Most U.S. cabs are ex-police cars."

The original plan was to buy a vintage taxi for private use. But two months
after he came back from his trip, Lynch was forced to abandon the idea when he
was laid off by Concert, a telecommunications firm headquartered in Reston. He
didn't find work again until January 2003, when he joined a friend in the
mortgage business.

The taxi moved to the front burner, with a difference. Now Lynch wanted to buy a
new cab to advertise his business. "I thought we'd paint something like 'See
Barry the Mortgage Guy' on the sides and drive around," he said.

He called London Taxis International to begin the process. Someone else was a
step ahead of him. LTI had a U.S. distributor -- Larry Smith, founder of the
Boston-based Finagle a Bagel chain -- and Lynch would have to work through him.
The British company was already working on a taxi that could be sold in North
America, making such basic changes as left-hand drive, a redesigned fuel system
and side marker lights to accommodate U.S. requirements.

"We were going down the same path," Lynch said. So the Lynches went to Boston
and ordered two cabs for delivery in June 2003.

"Initially we thought we'd hire them out for weddings and special events. But
the wheels were sort of turning," he said. Problems getting the taxis certified
to U.S. specifications pushed the delivery date to August. By then, the couple
had decided to postpone taking the second cab until October.

On Sept. 4, 2003, Barry Lynch picked up his first customer, a Leesburg man
headed to Washington Dulles International Airport. He asked Lynch to meet him
when he returned to town that evening. "Then I got a call from a national
newspaper who wanted to do a story on us," Lynch said. "So they sent a
photographer to Dulles."

Lynch said the client, who was expecting a quiet ride home after a long day of
travel, was a good sport about the publicity, which resulted in considerable
teasing from his colleagues.

"His company has offices all over the U.S., and they put his picture
everywhere," Lynch said. "They even pasted his head on the body of the
'Terminator.' He was sort of our poster boy for a while. Since then we've become
friends."

Many of Lynch's stories end with a similar punch line about friendships that
evolved thanks to his cab. Tom Hrabal, co-owner of Hrabal Creative, a fledgling
Leesburg advertising agency, contacted Lynch after seeing the taxi around
Leesburg.

"We met for lunch and he said he wanted to do our publicity," Lynch said.

So Hrabal and his wife, Lisa Baldwin, came up with a series of catchy
black-and-white ads. "They said things like 'Our drivers speak English as well
as American' or 'We still know our way around the Colonies,' " he said.

The ads earned the company a prestigious 2004 "Addy" award from the Advertising
Club of Metropolitan Washington. "It was nice to help another Leesburg
start-up," Lynch said. "Ironically, they got the award only a few weeks before
we closed our doors."

Though the ads, a Web site and other publicity helped bring in business, there
wasn't enough to turn a profit. Lynch never paid himself a salary, plowing
everything back into the company.

December, his busiest month, brought his most memorable fare on Christmas Eve.
"I picked up a woman and her child who were going to a shelter for battered
women," he said. "They were clearly leaving their home for the last time. Her
entire life, including her Christmas presents, was in three plastic bags."

He refused her money. "Then, 20 minutes later, I'm taking a couple to
[L'Auberge] Chez Francois."

Lynch said he has enjoyed "seeing moments of life in Loudoun County." But there
is no "flag down" traffic in Leesburg as there is in Washington. Nor can he wait
in the taxi rank at Dulles.

"Washington Flyer owns all the airport business," he said. "The only way we can
show up there is if we've got a prearranged pickup. There's no wandering through
the terminal saying, 'Psst, buddy, want a ride?' "

The number of fares plummeted after the holidays. While waiting for passengers,
Lynch busied himself with another passion: writing the historical mystery he's
spent years researching, using a laptop he kept in the cab. "My wife says,
'Barry, finish that thing,' " he said. "If I hadn't gone into the cab business,
I wanted to own a mystery bookstore."

Although discouraged by their dwindling business, the Lynches nevertheless took
delivery on the second cab in February. "I figured we could always sell it later
on eBay," he said.

But by March, they were barely making enough money to cover the hefty auto
insurance premiums. The strain of long-term unemployment -- though Helen was
employed, Barry hadn't found full-time work, and the mortgage business brought
in little income -- also weighed heavily on the couple.

On March 30, they decided to throw in the towel. "I wish we didn't have to do
it," Barry Lynch said. "We didn't have any unsatisfied customers."

They will try again in Orlando, where they expect business to be more brisk. "We
don't want to leave," he said. "And people don't want the cabs to leave, either.
But maybe we can make it in Orlando and then come back and establish a satellite
office in Leesburg. Now wouldn't that be totally cool?"

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday

New York Post Endorsements Joan Illuzzi for Staten Island DA

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 277 words


Staten Islanders who care about public safety have a clear choice when they go
to the polls Tuesday to pick their next district attorney: Vote for Republican
Joan Illuzzi, a hard-nosed, seasoned prosecutor whom The Post fully endorses
today.

DAs are pivotal in making sure dangerous criminals get locked up. And with New
York's liberal judges and laws stacked in favor of thugs, prosecutors need
serious experience, competence and know-how to get the job done.

All of which Illuzzi has. A lifelong islander, she's coming off 27 years as
assistant DA in Manhattan under Robert Morgenthau and Cy Vance. As a senior
trial counsel, she handled some of the office's biggest probes. And she never
lost a felony case.

"She has more qualifications as a prosecutor than I did when I ran 12 years
ago," says Rep. Dan Donovan, who served as Staten Island's top prosecutor until
winning election to Congress in May.

Illuzzi would be Staten Island's first female DA, a distinction she says she'd
take pride in - though she believes she should be elected on the merits, not her
gender.

Her Democratic opponent, former Rep. Michael McMahon, has tons of political
experience - but has never prosecuted a single case. He'd need on-the-job
training.

Even he seems to know it: Rather than tout his (nonexistent) prosecutorial
experience, he's been claiming his ties to the "community" and political skills
qualify him for the job, mostly because he'll be able to finagle more funding
for the DA's office.

If that's his idea of a winning argument, we shudder to think what he'd be like
in a courtroom.

Joan Illuzzi is the right choice for Staten Island on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Artemis grows up with a passion for foul language;
Screwed By Eoin Colfer Headline £14.99 Review by Myles McWeeney

BYLINE: Eoin Colfer

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 306 words


It''s along way from children''s books, but Eoin Colfer''s follow-up to his
first thriller for adults, Plugged, has something of the same madcap violence
that kids loved in the Artemis Fowl books, once famously labelled 'Die Hard with
Fairies'. '.

The new one is called Screwed, and back again is 40-ish former Irish army
soldier Daniel McEvoy, now the co-owner and acting bouncer in a seedy bar in
Cloisters, New Jersey. He''s going through a bad time.

His girlfriend Sofia keeps mixing him up with her long-vanished husband Carmine,
local mob boss Irish Mike Madden wants him dead and, to cap it all, two bent
cops kidnap him and are about to torture him to death on a live video feed as
soon as they gather $20,000 in pledges from a sick audience of internet voyeurs.

But the cops have underestimated Daniel''s ingenuity and he manages to escape.

Ashe has a restorative breakfast of French toast an attractive woman introduces
herself as his grandmother, the fourth and last wife of his late and very much
estranged grandfather, tough-asnails tycoon Paddy Costello. She asks him to look
for his mother''s youngest sister, his aunt Evelyn, an alcoholic, missing for 20
years.

But before he can get on to that case a second crazed New York Irish mobster
chains him in the back of a yellow cab and drives him into the Hudson River.
Once more he finagles an escape and ties up the loose threads of this crazy
caper.

This second episode in the surreal and shambolic life of Daniel McEvoy whips
along at warp speed and bears as much resemblance to reality as a Looney Tunes
cartoon featuring Wile E Coyote and the Road Runner.

It''s just as enjoyable, though, and Co Wexford-born Colfer, known around the
world for his hugely successful children''s books, has made a seamless - if
perhaps unnecessarily expletiveladen - transition to adult fiction.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2013 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               August 23, 1995, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

THE TRUTH WILL OUT IN QUIZ ON EVENTS

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 643 words

BILL MCCLELLAN ON MY OWN COLUMN


IT IS OFTEN SAID that a democracy depends upon a well-informed citizenry.
Despite living in the so-called Information Age, today's citizenry is remarkably
ill-informed. At least that's what the pundits say.

Let's test that theory with a quiz. 1. Investigators in the Oklahoma City
bombing believe the defendants may have been influenced by a self-published book
that is popular among the people who inhabit the lunatic fringe of the
anti-government movement. That book is:

a. The Fuhrman Tapes.

b. The Turner Diaries.

c. The Bridges of Madison County. 2. Missouri Gov. Mel Carnahan's father, A.S.J.
Carnahan, served 14 years in the U.S. Congress. In 1960, A.S.J. Carnahan was
named:

a. Postmaster general.

b. In a federal indictment.

c. Ambassador to Sierra Leone. 3. The bloody footprints leading away from the
bodies of Ronald Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson were made by someone wearing
Size 12 shoes. What kind of shoes were they?

a. Reebok running shoes.

b. Bruno Magli loafers.

c. Can't say because criminalist Dennis Fung lost the plaster casts. 4. With the
World War II commemorations just about over, we should all be familiar with the
history of that war. What did the first "D" in D-Day stand for?

a. Deliverance.

b. Day.

c. Destiny. 5. In a 1994 story in this newspaper about a Grateful Dead concert,
which prominent St. Louisan was described as "dancing and whirling" to the
music?

a. Riverfront Times publisher Ray Hartman.

b. FBI Special Agent Jim Nelson.

c. St. Louis University basketball coach Charlie Spoonhour. 6. Anchorman Don
Marsh used to work for Channel 2, and now works for Channel 30. Since Channel 2
used to be ABC and is now Fox, and Channel 30 used to be Fox and is now ABC,
Marsh is:

a. Consistent.

b. Probably confused.

c. Both of the above. 7. Which prominent St. Louisan did not finagle a free sky
box out of the stadium lease mess?

a. Jerry Clinton.

b. James Orthwein.

c. Walter Metcalfe. 8. When Detective Bobby Baker, since convicted of
corruption, was listed as a "potential local investor" for one of the casino
companies proposing a casino on the St. Louis riverfront, for whom was he
standing in?

a. A current state senator.

b. A former mayoral candidate.

c. Can't say because the authorities inexplicably never looked into it. 9. Which
local political figure is helping to organize a "Colin Powell for President"
movement?

a. Virvus Jones.

b. Bert Walker.

c. Jerry Costello. 10. Which congressman from Missouri owns half of a $ 700,000
summer home in North Carolina?

a. Dick Gephardt.

b. Bill Clay.

c. Jim Talent. 11. Illinois claims to be the "Land of Lincoln" despite the fact
that:

a. Lincoln was born in Tennessee.

b. Lincoln was born in Kentucky.

c. Lincoln was born in Illinois but preferred spending his summers in North
Carolina. 12. In December, a five-time convicted felon who was on probation for
a drug offense went to trial charged with possessing drugs. He was acquitted
when the jurors did not believe the cops. The wife of which prominent St.
Louisan was on the jury?

a. Mayor Freeman Bosley Jr.

b. Police Chief Clarence Harmon.

c. Comptroller Virvus Jones. 13. Back to World War II. The airplane that dropped
the first atomic bomb was named the Enola Gay. What was the significance of the
name Enola?

a. Backwards, it spells alone.

b. It was the name of the pilot's mother.

c. The captain of the squadron was from Enola, Wis. 14. Which entertainment
center is not owned by Anheuser-Busch?

a. Sea World.

b. The Missouri Legislature.

c. Epcot Center. 15. Which Republican presidential candidate used to write
editorials for the Globe-Democrat?

a. Alan Keyes.

b. Pat Buchanan.

c. Richard Lugar.

Answers: 1. b, 2. c, 3. b, 4. b, 5. c, 6. c, 7. b, 8. c, 9. b, 10. a, 11. b, 12.
b, 13. b, 14. c, 15. b

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JANUARY 4, 2004 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Inactivity irks Spurs' Rose;
The Drexel product has lost minutes, but not his desire to improve his game.

BYLINE: Shannon Ryan INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D08

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: SAN ANTONIO, Texas


Malik Rose said he uses the Philadelphia within him as he continues to work for
court time with the San Antonio Spurs.

It is that Rocky mentality to which Rose clings as he tries to increase his
diminished minutes since he suffered an injured right leg last month. Rose was
sidelined for seven games.

The 76ers ended a 13-game Spurs winning streak, 83-77, yesterday at the SBC
Center. Rose, a 6-foot-7 power forward from Overbrook High and Drexel
University, finished with six points and two rebounds in 17 minutes.

In the Spurs' previous six games, Rose had averaged eight minutes and 2.8
points. Those numbers are down significantly from last season, when he averaged
25 minutes and 10.4 points for the NBA champions.

Veteran Robert Horry has taken Rose's minutes. Horry had shot 13 for 25 from
three-point territory during the Spurs' winning streak. In San Antonio's
previous four games, he had averaged 10.5 points and 4.8 rebounds. Yesterday,
Horry shot 0 for 3 from the field and was held scoreless in 16 minutes.

Rose, 29, said Friday that his decreased playing time "gets frustrating," but he
is trying to work through that.

"Robert's playing exceptionally well, and I have to wait my turn," he said.

Rose says he is not upset and understands coach Gregg Popovich's decision,
especially since Rose was struggling on the floor even before his injury.

After a slow start this season, the Spurs (22-11) gradually have risen in
Midwest Division standings, where they are battling the Minnesota Timberwolves
for first place. Minnesota was 21-10 and riding a three-game winning streak
heading into last night's game in Dallas.

Rose is happy about the Spurs' resurgence, but playing more - and playing well -
would make him ecstatic. So, he is applying his work ethic, honed in
Philadelphia, to bounce back.

"Being from Philadelphia, that's a blue-collar town," Rose said. "I go out and
do it the blue-collar way. If I try to negotiate things or finagle my way back
into the lineup, it's going to drive me crazy. So I just try to work as hard as
I can every day."

Even while injured - Rose suffered a strained tendon in a collision with Los
Angeles Lakers forward Horace Grant on Dec. 3 - he found ways to work on his
game. Popovich invited Rose into coaches' huddles during time-outs. Rose
listened up.

"I didn't say anything, but I knew what he wanted me to do," Rose said. "He
wanted me to see how they deal with things . . . so I could have a different
outlook. It really helped. I learned different sides of the game."

Rose enjoys living in Texas, where he has helped the Spurs win two NBA titles.
With his outgoing, smiling personality, he is more Southern gentleman than South
Philly.

Philadelphia has not been his home since he graduated from Drexel in 1996, but
Broad Street still seems to run down the center of his soul.

"Everyone knows that," said Rose, who said he loves irritating Dallas Cowboys
fans by wearing Eagles jerseys.

Proof also lies in his newest business venture: Malik's Philly's Phamous, a
deli-style restaurant that features Philadelphia treats such as Italian water
ice, cheesesteaks, hoagies and pretzels.

The restaurant, which Rose opened on Labor Day, also offers menu items named
after famous Spurs players, past and present. There is The Admiral's Sub, for
former center David Robinson; Timmy's MVP, for two-time league most valuable
player Tim Duncan; and Steve Kerr's Three-Pointer. Even on a Friday at 2:20
p.m., the place was packed. Apparently, Texans do not go only for burritos and
tamales.

"They've really embraced it," Rose said, "I think because at any given time they
can see a Spur there. It's all the things I've wanted to bring from
Philadelphia. It makes the homesick nights easier."

Contact staff writer Shannon Ryan at 610-313-8097 or sryan@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
JERRY LODRIGUSS, Inquirer Staff Photographer
The Spurs' Malik Rose battles John Salmons for a rebound during one of the
Overbrook High graduate's visits to Philadelphia.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

Rondo should perk up now that he's with Mavs

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: CELTICS

LENGTH: 660 words


By Michael Lee

The Washington Post

Rajon Rondo was either incapable of leading a rebuilding effort, reluctant to
expend his talents for a team headed nowhere or in decline after sustaining a
devastating knee injury and a broken wrist in the past two years.

But none of those explanations for Rondo's confounding and inconsistent play
this season should have given the Dallas Mavericks concerns about going all-in
for another Dirk-led Finals run and dealing for one of the game's most enigmatic
figures.

Because now Rondo is back in the spotlight, with a relevant franchise that has a
purpose that falls in line with his own goals. Rondo's penchant for saving his
most eye-popping performances for when the most eyes are watching is supported
by the numbers. And while he repeatedly stated a desire to end his career in
Boston, the rarity of his brilliant moments suggested that he was either waiting
for the Celtics to change or seeking one of his own.

The latter eventually won out, with Celtics President Danny Ainge removing the
final connection to the 2008 championship team.

Rondo was beloved in Boston, where fans embraced his quirks after watching him
evolve from erratic role player to all-star peer of Paul Pierce, Ray Allen and
Kevin Garnett to front line general of the last hope to finally, the ill-fit,
erratic, all-star, front line general of team several years away from
contention.

Ainge's desire to find more playing time for first-round pick Marcus Smart and
Mark Cuban's commitment to maximize the final years of Dirk Nowitzki's career
converged at the perfect time for this deal to get made.

Celtics fans can lament over the return for a homegrown fan favorite but Ainge
wasn't going to finagle the same haul he claimed from Brooklyn for Pierce and
Garnett with Rondo scoring at his lowest rate since his rookie season and
approaching free agency in July.

This deal is really about what Rondo has left and what he will actually provide
for a veteran Mavericks team should benefit from his precision passing and
ornery competitiveness. Nowitzki sacrificed financially so that Dallas would
find him some help and Cuban has come through with a mercurial talent who once
made a very good Boston team better and joins a similar situation with the
Mavericks.

Pros and cons

Rondo's defense has dropped off since he made the league's all-defensive team
four straight years but he is a tremendous upgrade on both ends over Nelson,
whose best days are long behind him.

What makes Rondo special -- a bullheaded need to be in complete control -- isn't
necessarily what Dallas needs for an offense that already is the best in
basketball. Passing is Rondo's specialty -- he leads the NBA in assists and
passes per game but he also turns the ball over at an alarming rate (3.4 per
game).

Rondo's exit from Boston had been inevitable for some time and became almost a
necessity on Dec. 8 in Washington. A day after posting his second triple double
of the season, Rondo failed to score and Coach Brad Stevens benched his best
player for the final 27 minutes of a double-overtime loss to the Wizards. The
Celtics rallied from a 23-point deficit with Smart and Evan Turner executing
Stevens' offense -- which is predicated on ball movement and scoring from
multiple places -- while Rondo served as an unbothered, towel-waving
cheerleader.

The scoreless effort marked the fifth time in the past 11 games that Rondo
failed to make more than one field goal in a game. Oddly enough, Rondo has also
had two triple doubles and three games with 15 or more assists -- including a
19-assist, 2-point effort against Atlanta - over that stretch.

With a new team, superior surrounding talent and championship aspirations, those
kind of head-scratching performances might be less frequent for Rondo. If the
trend continues or Rondo terrorizes defenses the way he did when the Celtics
were a title contender, then the mystery of this seemingly uninterested play
this season will be solved.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rajon Rondo warms up for his new team, the Dallas Mavericks, Saturday
night in Dallas. AP PHOTO Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 16, 2006 Thursday

St. Patty's Day - when everyone gets Irish

BYLINE: By Elana Schor

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1001 words


For many Hill denizens, tomorrow is a day for drinking, carousing and forgetting
about responsibility. But Irish-American lawmakers take their St. Patrick's Day
pints with a side of sober policymaking - along with the traditional corned beef
and cabbage.

Massachusetts members will be out in force at South Boston's traditional St.
Patrick's Day breakfast, where politicians from all levels of state government
break soda bread and trade jokes. Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Mass.) and Sens. John
Kerry (D-Mass.) and Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.) have turned out for the breakfast
in past years.

Rep. William Delahunt (D-Mass.), whose district boasts the second-highest
concentration of Irish-Americans in the nation, prefers to set his own St.
Patty's schedule.

"He likes to go home, and what he chooses to do on St. Patrick's Day is up to
him," said Steven Broderick, Delahunt's communication director. "We get requests
for Bill to go to parades or breakfasts," many of which the affable Delahunt is
happy to accept, "but he'll be out and about doing his thing."

Back on the Hill, the Speaker's Luncheon is the best place to rub elbows with
Irish government luminaries and their congressional cohorts. The luncheon dates
back to the days when the late Rep. Tip O'Neill (D-Mass.) was House Speaker.
Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.) will continue the celebration today, choosing
St. Patrick's eve to accommodate members leaving for next week's recess.

Rep. Richard Neal (D-Mass.), a co-chairman of the House's ad hoc committee on
Irish affairs along with Reps. Joseph Crowley (D-N.Y.) and Peter King (R-N.Y.),
will be hitting the Speaker's Luncheon, said Neal spokesman William Tranghese.

"[Hastert] welcomes political parties from Ireland, the prime minister of
Ireland" - called the Taoiseach (tee-shah) by hard-core Gaelic speakers -
"people from across the political divide and the Republic of Ireland," Tranghese
said.

In addition to attending the Speaker's Luncheon, Kennedy will meet with visitors
from across the pond, including the five sisters of slain Belfast man Robert
McCartney who became outspoken peace activists after their brother's death at
the hands of the Irish Republican Army. The McCartney women told the BBC they
would also meet with Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-N.Y.).

Still trying to finagle an invitation to the Speaker's Lunch or the coveted
Irish ambassador's reception? The capital's Irish pubs offer several party
options for St. Patrick's Day:

* The Hawk 'n' Dove, Capitol Hill's oldest Irish pub, will ring in St. Patrick's
Day with a special weekend menu, slinging beer-battered fish and chips,
shepherd's pie and lamb stew. Drink specials will include the Irish Prince
(Jameson whiskey and tonic) and the Ulster Prince (Bushmills whiskey and tonic),
and Frantic Frantz DJ will be controlling the playlist tomorrow from 5 p.m. to 2
a.m. (329 Pennsylvania Ave. S.E., (202) 543-3300).

* The Dubliner, on the ground floor of the Hill's Phoenix Park Hotel, kicks off
its St. Patrick's festivities at 10 a.m. tomorrow, rolling out three visiting
Irish acts for an all-day show: Jimmy Rafferty & Paddy Halligan, John McGrath,
and Morris Minor, named after the British classic car (520 N. Capitol St., (202)
737-3773).

* Finn macCool's, the self-styled Irish Publick House on Barracks Row, extends
its hours tomorrow, staying open from 9 a.m. to 3 a.m. and starting things off
with a "Beamish and Bagels" breakfast, featuring the only Irish stout brewed
solely in Ireland. Irish coffees, Bailey's and coffees, and Irish car bombs -
one stomach-churning shot of Bailey's and Jameson tossed in a half-pint of
Guinness - will all be $5 each (713 8th St. SE, (202) 547-7100).

* Fadó, Penn Quarter's Irish pub, has been celebrating St. Patrick's Day since
Tuesday and will keep the party going tonight with a "Bailey's Bash" in honor of
the rich and sweet Irish cream liqueur. Tomorrow, Fadó will serve nonstop pints,
starting with the 8 a.m. breakfast hour and rolling into the evening with a
concert by Val Little and Paul Gallagher (808 7th St. N.W., (202) 789-0066).

* Ireland's Four Green Fields, the Woodley Park pub formerly known as Ireland's
Four Provinces, will be offering live music tomorrow from 11 a.m. until closing,
along with its traditional Irish potato soup and beef & Guinness stew (3412
Connecticut Ave. N.W., (202) 244-0860).

* For Virginia-based revelers, Pat Troy's Ireland's Own pub in Old Town
Alexandria will put up a heated tent for an all-day concert by Patrick
O'Flaherty. There will be three lunch and dinner seatings, but the restaurant
requires reservations, as seating is limited (111 N. Pitt St., Alexandria, (703)
549-4535).

* Flanagan's Harp & Fiddle, Bethesda's beloved Irish pub, also will showcase
live Irish music all day tomorrow. Local favorite, the Tommy Lepson Band, will
play Saturday night. (4844 Cordell Ave., 301-951-0115).

* The Rí Rá Irish pub in Bethesda has imported two musicians from Ireland's
County Clare, Jimmy McInerney and Doon MacPhelim, for tonight's show.
Alowishious Farhatt will take the stage tomorrow at 4 p.m., followed by Move
Like Seamus, an "alt-Irish" cover band (4931 Elm St., Bethesda, (301) 657-1122).

* Perhaps the biggest St. Patty's party in town will take place at a New
Orleans-themed bar, Lulu's Mardi Gras, at 22nd and M streets N.W. The free 8
a.m. "kegs and eggs" event will bring bands O.A.R., Soul Asylum and Carbon Leaf.
The evening blowout starts at 4 p.m. with drink specials and three DJs spinning
for a $5 cover charge (1217 22nd St. N.W., (202) 861-5858).

And perhaps most important, the Washington Regional Alcohol Program will be
sponsoring its 14th year of SoberRide, offering free rides home for partygoers
too incapacitated to get behind the wheel safely tomorrow night. The program's
St. Patrick's Day slogan? "Keep the Luck of the Irish Alive, Don't Drink and
Drive." Rides worth up to a $50 fare are available by calling (800) 200-TAXI
from numerous participating Hill bars, beginning at 4 p.m. and ending at 4 a.m.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 12, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

On uneven field, she rises to glory as beloved Pine Level singer

BYLINE: Rheta Grimsley Johnson

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01G Rheta Grimsley Johnson

LENGTH: 614 words


Pine Level, Ala. ---They don't call it Pine Level for nothing. The countryside
here is flat with the weight of pines and ranch houses and small, tidy churches,
where people who work every day of the week pray every Sunday.

There is a caution light and a milk and bread store and a blue jeans outlet in
Pine Level. They are Pine Level. The Pine Level south of Montgomery, not to be
confused with the Pine Level north of Montgomery.

From a pretty white house set far from the road comes a voice, small at first,
then larger, a voice with Emmylou's range and Loretta's sincerity and an almost
undefinable something else. Passion. That's what the voice holds: the urgency of
passion.

"If you've got leaving on your mi-inddd . . ."

Christy Register, 26, is singing the stuffing out of an old Patsy Cline ballad,
spinning gold from country cliche. The piney woods are alive.

Christy sits in an easy chair in her parents' living room, rocking to and fro,
to and fro, in perfect time with the old tear-jerker. Her little girl's body
becomes a metronome, her eyes widen and a beatific smile forms on her sweet
face. There is nothing, nothing between her and the music.

Ask for a song and Christy can sing it, does sing it ---gospel, rock 'n' roll,
classic country.

And people do ask. Churches and libraries and senior citizen centers ask.
Schools ask. Families planning funerals and weddings ask. Sometimes she sings
alto in a trio with her mother, Gwen, and her sister, Candy. Sometimes she sings
soprano alone. Almost always, she sings for free. Usually she sings without any
accompaniment. At church she finagles a seat next to the best voices in the
congregation. She lives to sing. An audience is optional.

Her first public appearance was at age 5, or 6, nobody remembers exactly. Just
that it was at a school, and she sang the "Star-Spangled Banner."

"We go to town, and people I've never seen before will walk up and say, 'Hello,
Christy. How's it going Christy?"' Gwen says. "Everyone knows her from her
singing."

Christy sings about mansions and birds and trees. She has never seen mansions
and birds and trees. Not even once. She has never seen anything. She was blind
at birth; her optic nerves never developed.

When Gwen and Bill Register adopted Christy, she was 3 days old. It was four
months before they learned of their beautiful baby's blindness, the same week
Gwen's brother graduated high school and Gwen's father drowned. It was a hard,
hard week.

"We got our crying over with, then just went about the business of loving her,"
Gwen says. Christy has been to schools for the blind, but mostly her mother has
taught and tended and loved her at home.

There were other health problems, too, including a growth hormone deficiency
that cuts Christy's 26 years in half like a knife cuts butter. "We say every day
what a blessing it's been to have Christy in our lives," the mother says. You
can tell she means it.

For Christy never complains or gets depressed. Her disposition is part Heidi,
part saint. She loves to rock her young nieces ---and sing to them.

The music is a salve for what's missing. Always the music. Christy has a compact
disc collection of more than 300, everything from opera to "Alabama." She has
good taste.

"I love Jerry Lee Lewis," she says. "Do you? He can really make that piano
talk."

And then Christy sings again. She sings "Beyond This Land of Parting," a song
about all the trials of earth. The sad, sweet music fills her petite frame and
then the large room. Christy's song floats to the screened porch with its fine
view of the October woods, then on to the world beyond.

E-mail: rheta@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Twenty-six-year-old Christy Register (left), blind since
 birth, swings with her niece Kaitlyn Berrey at home in Alabama. / Rheta
 Grimsley Johnson / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

'HOW TO SUCCEED': BACK AND A SUCCESS

BYLINE: By HASKEL FRANKEL

SECTION: Section 11; Westchester; Page 18, Column 5; Weschester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 792 words


IN 1952, Shepard Mead, a vice president of the advertising agency Benton &
Bowles, published a 148-page spoof titled, ''How to Succeed in Business Without
Really Trying, or the Dastard's Guide to Fame and Fortune.'' It became a
best-seller that the team of Jack Weinstock and Willie Gilbert turned into a
comedy. The musical-producing team of Feuer and Martin saw the play as a musical
and brought in Abe Burrows to collaborate on the book and Frank Loesser to write
the music and lyrics. The musical opened on Broadway in 1961, captured both the
Pulitzer Prize and the New York Drama Critics Circle Award and ran for 1,418
performances.

Thanks to the Darien Dinner Theater, this biting satire on American business is
now visible again. Dennis Cole and Robert Johanson (he also plays the male lead)
have directed a knockout revival of the show. It begins with a young window
washer, Finch, on a scaffold outside the windows of the Worldwide Wicket Company
reading a book on how to succeed in business. Finch quickly unzips his coveralls
and steps out in a business suit, starts out in W.W.C.'s mailroom and finagles
his way up the executive ladder to the very top in record time.

''How to Succeed'' is a show to enjoy rather than to get emotionally involved
in, since Finch is more antihero than hero. It is difficult to cheer for Finch
because you k now he's going to make it, no matter how many angles he has to
work or bodies he has to climb over. As for Rosemary, the young lady w ho loves
him, if one thinks about her, she is really not much bett er. She wants a
successful husband and a home in New Rochelle , and she is willing to put up
with anything to get it via Finch.

Robert Johanson, blond and boyish, plays Finch, and while I could not agree with
his attempt to make Finch likeable rather than the evil, scheming child Robert
Morse presented in the Broadway original, he was an acceptable lead. Allan
Jones, who will forever live in memory as the man who first sang ''The Donkey
Serenade'' in the film ''The Firefly,'' plays Mr. Biggley, the head of Worldwide
Wicket, and he is excellent. Mr. Jones, now gray-haired, is still slim and
attractive. In his two singing opportunities Allan Jones proves that his voice
is still strong and good.

As Rosemary, Marianne Challis is continually proving that dinner theaters can be
good training grounds for talent. Her Rosemary is so well played that one
doesn't worry about what she will end up with if she gets Finch.

Other fine performers in the cast include Lulu Downs, a heavyish woman with a
happy face and a good voice as Smitty, one of the women in the office; Jo Ann
Cunningham as Miss Jones, the very cold and proper secretary to Mr. Biggley, who
ends up tearing at her clothes from the top of a desk during the rousing and
frenzied ''Brotherhood of Man'' number; Kim Morgan, a manic little blonde office
worker who periodically pops up to tap her brains out; Larry Grey as the
scheming Bud Frump, nephew to Mr. Biggley, and John Remme, who plays two
characters. Mr. Remme is all mouse as Mr. Twimble, head of the mailroom. Then,
in the last act, he pops on a hairpiece and becomes Wolly Womper, chairman of
the board. Mr. Remme is hilarious as both men.

And this br ings us to Frank Loesser and the score for ''How to Succeed in Bu
siness.'' There isn't a bad number in the show. Yet the closest the s core comes
to a recognizable hit is ''Brotherhood of Man,'' and pe rhaps Finch's love song
to himself, ''I Believe in You.'' Mr. Lo esser, who spewed out hit after hit in
earlier shows - ''Guys and Do lls,'' ''Where's Charley?'' and ''Most Happy
Fella'' - has sacrifice d them here to melodies that are fine but subordinated
to brilliant, biting lyrics that demand listening to.

Why more theaters do not stage, ''How to Succeed'' is a mystery to me. For that
matter, it is equally surprising that Broadway, which seems nostalgic for all
its past musical hits, has not mounted a major revival of this Pulitzer
Prize-winner. Add better roast beef than other area dinner theaters, and the
Darien Dinner Theater is a very good buy.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
''How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying,'' book by Abe Burrows, Jack
Weinstock and Willie Gilbert; music and lyrics by Frank Loesser. Darien Dinner
Theater, 65 Tokeneke Road, Darien. Through Nov. 15. Box office: (203) 655-7667.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: review

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             January 6, 2003 Monday

Commentary: Research, hard work pays off for Oklahoma City writer

BYLINE: Max Nichols

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1051 words


Merline Lovelace had just retired as a colonel in the U.S. Air Force in
September 1992 when her husband Al Lovelace, a previously retired colonel,
suggested she go to a Harlequin Silhouette writer's conference in Albuquerque.

"We were waiting for a moving van," she recalled. "He said I had always wanted
to write and that he would take care of the van. Part of the test at the
conference was to write a 25,000-word short novel. I wrote it by October, and
Harlequin published it."

That was the beginning of an incredibly productive novel-writing career for
Merline Lovelace of Oklahoma City. She has written 45 published novels since
then, plus another seven that have been completed or are under way. Nearly 20
have been set in historical situations after extensive research that also
reflects her tremendous capacity for working fast, hard and constantly. The
University of Oklahoma named her 1998 Oklahoma Writer of the Year.

Her extraordinary focus obviously was honed during a 23-year military career
that included commanding Eglin Air Force Base, Fla.

Her latest novel, The Captain's Woman, based on a tenacious woman reporter
during the Spanish-American War, is reaching the bookstores this month. It's the
story of Victoria Parker, who is in love with Capt. Samuel Garrett, a member of
Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders. Victoria, who met Garrett in Wyoming,
finagles credentials to cover the war in Cuba and writes about the Army's first
uniformed corps of nurses as well as the huge numbers of sick and wounded.

While I rarely read romance novels, I found The Captain's Woman so intriguing I
read it in two days. Lovelace's ability to weave her story into what I know
about the details of the Rough Riders and the Spanish-American War battles in
Cuba made the whole novel ring true.

Lovelace will start a series of presentations and book-signings this month in
Oklahoma City to promote The Captain's Woman. She said this book is just one of
her stories about women who have played significant but often unsung roles in
military and other historical events. She is writing a novel now about the first
U.S. American expedition into Oklahoma after the Louisiana Purchase of 1803, and
she plans novels on women in World War I and World War II.

"There actually was a woman who was credentialed as a reporter in Cuba during
the Spanish-American War," said Lovelace. "Her name was Anna Benjamin, and she
wrote for Harper's Ladies Illustrated." Lovelace displayed hundreds of pages of
research for The Captain's Woman and said she does similar research for most of
her historical novels.

The Captain's Woman also reveals her ability to recall characteristics of people
she has known and places she has visited during a lifetime of travel as the
daughter of an Army sergeant as well as in her own military career. The
Lovelaces moved to Oklahoma City in 1992, because Al is a native of Holdenville
and has family nearby.

They met during her second day of active duty, but Merline already was highly
accomplished. She had graduated magna cum laude in German and Russian from Ripon
College in Wisconsin and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. She then graduated cum
laude with a master's in public administration at Troy State University. She
also studied Mandarin Chinese at Princeton University.

During their more than two decades in the Air Force, they have managed to work
near each other most of the time. When Al was sent to Vietnam, for example,
Merline worked the system to serve there at a different base. They were there
during the Easter Offensive of 1972. When Merline was a staff officer for the
Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Pentagon, Al served in Washington, D.C. They also
have lived in Taiwan and in Germany. Along the way, Merline graduated from
Harvard University's course for senior officials in national defense.

"When we took vacations, we always visited historical places," Merline said,
"and I would always do some research. When we visited Hadrian's Wall in England,
I could envision the people who fought there. When we visited the former
Andersonville Civil War prison camp in Georgia, I saw where Clara Barton, the
"Angel of the Battlefield," did 2,000 grave registrations after that war. Clara
Barton also was among 1,500 nurses in Cuba during the Spanish-American War.

"I was inspired by Clara Barton and other women who have served in wars. During
World War I, General Black Jack Pershing had difficulty with the French
language. He hired 100 French-speaking women to man telephones. They were
civilians who wore uniforms and stood inspections. I am writing a book on one of
those women."

While she mixes romance into all of her books, Lovelace has used her extensive
travel and research in a variety of historical settings, including Life of Duty
at Tinker Air Force Base in the Oklahoma City area. The Horse Soldier involved
Fort Laramie in 1867. Others have been set in states such as Arizona and
California.

In The Captain's Woman, Lovelace's Victoria Parker follows Capt. Garrett and the
Rough Riders to San Antonio, Tampa and then Cuba. They go through a hurricane
that wrecked Key West Harbor after the war. The story winds up with the
presidential signing of a bill that established the Army Nurse Corp.

One of her next books will feature the story of 1st Lt. James B. Wilkinson, who
served with explorer and 1st Lt. Zebulon Pike. After the Louisiana Purchase in
1803, Pike sent Wilkinson down the Arkansas River into what is now Oklahoma.
Wilkinson was the son of Brig. Gen. James Wilkinson, who had served with
Benedict Arnold during the Revolutionary War and later was governor of Louisiana
Territory.

"Lieutenant James Wilkinson also was a spy for Mexico," said Lovelace. "He was a
scoundrel, and that forms the setting for my book."

Lovelace also has visited Fort Gibson Historic Site to research a book on the
politics leading to the Trail of Tears, but that is just part of her research.
She uses Oklahoma City Metropolitan and University of Oklahoma libraries
constantly, sometimes checking out 50 books at a time. She writes from 6 a.m. to
2 p.m. each day and works on her research and business tasks after that.

The result is four published books a year in 11 years -- an overwhelming
accomplishment for Merline Lovelace of Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            November 11, 2005 Friday

Crime doesn't fit punishment

BYLINE: By MARK WHICKER, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 899 words


This week we learned just what one has to do to be suspended for the balance of
a season in the National Felony League.

It doesn't always involve a felony.

Baltimore's Jamal Lewis was forced to sit out exactly two NFL games after
serving four months in jail for a drug conspiracy charge.

Tampa Bay's Michael Pittman served two weeks in an Arizona jail after he got
into his Hummer and tried to ram his wife's Mercedes, with baby-sitter and child
inside. How very 21st century. The league made Pittman miss three games.

Misdemeanors, of course, mean nothing. Indianapolis' Monte Reagor surrendered to
charges of harassing a former girlfriend via the phone. He was released and
participated in a playoff game the next day.

No, there's no parallel between personal responsibility and professional
eligibilty in the league where not even the cheerleaders can stay out of central
booking.

You only lose a season when you're Terrell Owens, and you speak what is left of
your mind.

It was the Philadelphia Eagles, not the NFL, who sidelined Owens last Saturday
with nine games left on the schedule. The Eagles responded with yet another
hideous loss, this time at Washington. Owens responded by issuing a second
apology for daring to question Donovan McNabb's place in history.

The Eagles, apparently, are unmoved. So is their offense. At 4-4, the defending
NFC champs have rushed for 100 yards exactly once. Three times they have been
held under 20 points, even though Owens has caught five touchdown passes and
rolled up more than 100 yards in catches five times.

What did Owens do? Nothing illegal. No bolo punches to the chins of girlfriends,
no DUIs, no assaults on autograph seekers.

Owens did what he has always done -- pop off. He said it was a ``good
assumption'' that the Eagles would be better off with Brett Favre at quarterback
instead of McNabb.

Generalissimo Andy Reid said this was just a culmination of Owens' monologues
over two years -- T.O. is never Talked Out -- and Reid is right. Owens also
tried to finagle a new contract in the summer, ignoring the perfectly good one
he had.

But Owens also danced on the Cowboys' midfield logo, took over the cheerleaders'
pompoms after getting to the end zone, suggested his quarterback was a
homosexual, and made a needlessly vulgar TV promo with Nicollette Sheridan.

Except for the latter, Owens did all that before Philadelphia got him. The
Eagles knew full well they were buying a ticket to a bizarre, tiresome show just
to get three hours of genius on Sunday. Now they want their money back.

Suspend T.O.? Does anyone's brain retain the memory of a Super Bowl played only
nine months ago, when Owens completed an excruciating rehab from a shattered
ankle and caught nine passes for 122 yards?

That's how you handle Owens. When he wants a new deal, say ``No.'' When he pops
off, pop off back. When it's third-and-12, find him.

But the NFL is still more honest than the college game.

The NFL is primarily about results. If Owens were to drive a Maserati into a
sidewalk full of nuns, he would be allowed to play because the incident didn't
affect winning. Since Owens' loose talk was apparently infuriating McNabb, he
had to go. You can't cross your superstar even if he isn't the best player on
the team.

College football was supposed to represent something else.

Last week, USC freshman linebacker Rey Maualuga was arrested on suspicion of
battery after a Halloween party in Los Angeles. He did turn himself in, and he
expressed remorse, and he is enduring his father's serious illness.

USC rarely ignores these things. It suspended tackle Winston Justice last year
when Justice tripped over the law for a second time, and it suspended cornerback
Eric Wright when Wright was arrested on suspicion of rape. No charges were
filed, and Wright left after authorities found Ecstasy pills.

Maualuga might not be charged either. The Trojans have not forsaken him. But
they didn't have to play him in the second half last Saturday. It has nothing to
do with innocent-until-proven-guilty. Playing the games is a privilege, not a
right, and Maualuga cast aside that privilege when he found himself in that
position.

But it's become a college tradition. Tailgating, marching bands and handcuffs.

Invariably, you hear two responses from the coaches and the school.

One is, ``He made a mistake. Haven't you ever made a mistake?''

Yes. Leaving the keys in the car is a mistake. Renting ``The Longest Yard'' is a
mistake. Bloodying up a stranger and then yelling, ``I own the police'' is more
like a crime.

The other response is, ``Hey, everybody does it. Take 100 regular students and
you'll find as many lawbreakers as on the football team.''

Maybe, maybe not. But not everybody does it. Not even in the athletic
department.

The women's basketball team doesn't do it. The golf team doesn't do it. The
rowing team doesn't do it. The water polo team doesn't do it.

Only football, with its seductive blend of violence and entitlement, shames the
university -- and turns such coaching heroes as Joe Paterno, Tom Osborne and
Bobby Bowden into apologists and appeasers, all in the name of winning.

Tread quietly -- and quickly -- past the football dorm on most campuses.

Most of all, move to shelter whenever you hear Terrell Owens clearing his
throat. Sticks and stones and syringes and coke spoons and fists and guns and
speeding cars may break our bones, but names will send you packing.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 20, 2005 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

For Some Women at Harvard, Greek Is a Scream

BYLINE: By WARREN ST. JOHN

SECTION: Section 9; Column 4; Style Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1721 words

DATELINE: Cambridge, Mass.


AT 9 Wednesday night about 150 undergraduate women gathered in the cool mist
just off Harvard Yard in front of the university's science center. They formed
three groups and began shouting, chanting, clapping and singing loudly enough to
draw curiosity-seekers from across the campus, which has been unsettled in
recent weeks over comments by the university president, Lawrence H. Summers,
about possible differences in ''intrinsic aptitude'' between men and women. The
women's voices, though, were neither angry nor strident. They were giddy
high-pitched squeals like those that might punctuate an appearance by Justin
Timberlake or the Olsen Twins.

''What is this?'' asked Laurie Korens, a longtime Cambridge resident who was
walking her dog near campus.

Ms. Korens was told that it was a bid-night ritual for Harvard's three
sororities, whose members were welcoming new pledges with cries like ''Welcome
to Theta!''

A puzzled look crossed her face. ''Really?'' she said, ''I thought it was a
protest.''

Though they often meet with similar reactions, sororities of the traditional
state-college variety have taken root at Harvard, a place where for years the
biggest social event for women was the annual Take Back the Night rally. Kappa
Alpha Theta, the sorority of Laura Bush and Lynne Cheney, was the first to
arrive on campus, in 1992. Delta Gamma followed in 1994, and Kappa Kappa Gamma
opened its chapter in 2003. But while Harvard sororities share the same Greek
letters as their party-hardy sister chapters at Michigan, Texas and Ole Miss,
their social agendas are startlingly wholesome, perhaps giving new meaning to
the phrase Harvard Square. They hold kickball tournaments and pajama parties and
take apple-picking trips. Their recruitment meetings take place not at bars but
at the local Finagle a Bagel and Au Bon Pain. And far from being catty and
exclusive, they strive to welcome any woman who might hope to join.

The fact that Harvard students -- in legend among the most intellectual and
sophisticated in the country -- are embracing the traditionally middlebrow
values of sororities might seem jarring. To the undergraduates involved, however
-- many of whom refer to each other as ''girls'' -- the new groups are a key to
their Harvard experience. Membership seems driven by a renewed interest in the
potential benefits of deeply rooted social networks, as well as in a desire to
address age-old discrepancies at Harvard between social opportunities available
to men and to women.

Kelly Beall, a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma and the recruitment chairwoman of the
Harvard Panhellenic Council, said: ''It's not always about the parties, and it's
not meant to be a feminist statement in any way. It's having girlfriends and
hanging out with your girlfriends.''

The rise of sororities coincides with a boom in women-only private clubs in
general at Harvard. In recent years four new private clubs for women have been
founded -- so-called finals clubs named the Bee, the Isis, the Sabliere Society
and the Pleiades -- which are less self-consciously wholesome than the
sororities and emphasize partying (and exclusivity) over field trips and charity
work. While the sororities have a open rush in February that is essentially a
matching process that tries to leave out as few people as possible, the women's
finals clubs follow an invitation-only process called ''punch'' that was
established long ago by their male counterparts.

A fifth club, the Seneca, was started in 1999, expressly to agitate for an
increase in social opportunities for women at Harvard. Jane Kim, its president,
said the rise in women's clubs was a reaction to the dismal state of social
options for women at the college, which is still dominated by eight musty,
male-only finals clubs with names like the Porcellian, the Fly and Daedalus.

''Perhaps because people don't feel they have a sense of community, they're
starting organizations to create a sense of community,'' she said. ''They're
filling a void.''

Ebony Carter, a sophomore from Kansas who was going through rush, said she
thought sororities had a bad rap on campus. ''People are kind of, 'Oh you want
to do a sorority?''' she said. ''They have an image as bubbly and fake.'' For
her, joining a sorority is a way to expand her social network. ''If I don't make
it in a sorority I'm not going to be devastated,'' she added. ''If I make it
that's fabulous, but I don't need a sorority.''

Hanna Ahn, a first-year student from Mission Viejo, Calif., said that when she
arrived on campus, ''I didn't even know Greek life existed at Harvard.'' Ms.
Ahn, who was also going through rush, said she had encountered some resistance
to the idea of sororities from some of her peers, but that it didn't bother her.
''It is common to associate sororities with the ditsy, not-so-intelligent
girls,'' she said. ''But obviously there's a line for how ditsy you can be at
this school.''

Richard McKaig, the dean of students at Indiana University and executive
director of the Center for the Study of the College Fraternity there, said that
membership in Greek organizations has declined nationwide in the last decade.
But Alexandra Robbins, a Yale graduate and the author of ''Pledged: The Secret
Life of Sororities,'' said the rise of women's clubs at Harvard was a reflection
of a trend on Ivy League campuses in which ''secret groups and Greek groups are
experiencing a huge comeback.'' Ms. Robbins attributed that comeback to the
current political landscape, which on the surface suggests that membership in
secret societies can pay dividends in status and distinction down the road. ''If
you think about it, three of the presidential candidates were members of Yale
secret societies -- Bush, Kerry and Lieberman -- and Dean was in a fraternity,''
she said. ''If you're an ambitious Ivy League woman, it's probably not
surprising that you'd want to counter what's clearly a thriving, successful
old-boys network. The future is always in the back of an Ivy League student's
head.''

At Princeton, Yale and Brown, which require that private clubs admit members
without regard to their sex, women may join established clubs. But at Harvard,
where in the 1980's the independently run finals clubs chose to sever ties with
the university rather than go coed, women had to start their own groups. (In
1990 a female student lodged a complaint against the Fly with the Massachusetts
Commission Against Discrimination, which ruled that it had no jurisdiction.)
While some campus groups have argued that the existence of the women's clubs is
a tacit endorsement of the single-sex club system, many Harvard women have
decided that joining a club beats going it alone for four years in Cambridge.

''The Harvard campus can be a very lonely place,'' said Alicia Menendez, the
president of the Bee and the daughter of Representative Robert Menendez,
Democrat of New Jersey. ''And meeting beautiful, smart, socially adept women
here is not an easy task.'' Before the women's clubs, Ms. Menendez said, the
social lives of female students revolved around the university's house system or
the men's clubs. ''Women were perpetually guests,'' she said.

Much like the men's clubs, the sororities and women's clubs have their own
distinct personalities. Many sorority members are Southerners or Texans whose
mothers and grandmothers were members at Southern schools. Mindful of the
reputation of sororities for cattiness, they go out of their way to emphasize
their welcoming nature. The Kappas bill themselves as fun-loving and
responsible, the Thetas as warm and friendly.

The women's finals clubs are more overtly exclusive, and their members tend to
come from big cities like New York, Los Angeles and Miami. Besides Ms. Menendez,
members of the Bee have included the actress Tatyana Ali and Annie Shawn, the
daughter of Jamaica Kincaid.

Whatever their differences, women's clubs at Harvard have at least one thing in
common: none have clubhouses. While the men's clubs have their own lairs -- many
of them wood-paneled affairs adorned with moose heads and leather club chairs --
the women's clubs rent space for events at local hotels and restaurants,
sometimes even from the men's clubs. The Isis took an apartment off campus in
2003, but it proved a financial drain, so the club decided not to renew the
lease. Not having space can put a damper on secret rituals; Emily High, the
president of Kappa Kappa Gamma, said she has to keep her sorority's secret gear
in a trunk in her dorm room.

As for renting space from the men, she said, ''It's unfortunate to be so
dependent on them.''

Members of male clubs tend to be quietly supportive of the women's groups, if
not always for altruistic reasons. ''The general attitude towards them is
positive, because the males know that if this issue is raised it could result in
their being forced to accept women,'' said one upperclassman, who asked not to
be identified for fear of dragging his club into the debate.

Harvard has marginalized the men's finals clubs, and this is hampering growth of
the women's clubs and sororities. In 1986 the university ended its ties with
single-sex clubs, going so far as to cut off heat to the finals clubs buildings
from the university's steam system, and decreed that except for sports teams and
choral groups, no same-sex groups could meet or advertise on campus. Because the
sororities cannot advertise their rush season on campus, recruiting is done by
e-mail, with upperclass members scrounging for e-mail addresses for entering
women each school year. In fall 2004, one sorority was chided after it held a
meeting at a residential hall.

''The policy was put in place to protect women,'' Miss High said. ''I would
argue we don't need that protection anymore.''

In the end, Ms. Ahn, the freshman, decided to join Delta Gamma. She showed up in
front of the science center on Wednesday and said she was surprised at the
enthusiasm she encountered. ''I just expected to get the envelope and they'd say
congrats and go home,'' she said. ''But then there was the whole screaming bit.
I wasn't expecting that much screaming.''

''Usually when you join a math club or a chess club, you're intimidated by the
older members,'' she added. ''The fact that these girls were so excited it made
it more clear what I was getting into.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 27, 2005



CORRECTION: An article last Sunday about sororities at Harvard characterized
Daedalus erroneously. It is not a campus organization, and not all-male. It is a
pub in Cambridge, Mass.


GRAPHIC: Photos: THETA FOREVER -- Pledges raise their arms and voices on bid
night at Harvard. (Photo by Jodi Hilton for The New York Times)(pg. 1)
HAVAHD RAH-RAH -- As bid night opens, Kappa Alpha Theta members sing their
sorority song.
 ENTREE -- Ebony Carter with a rush invitation. (Photographs by Jodi Hilton for
The New York Times)(pg. 2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Giants bullpen blows up again

BYLINE: Andrew Baggarly; Bay Area News Group

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 759 words

ABSTRACT

dc-z-giants

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> In his major league life, Buster Posey had never inhabited this
place before.

In a quiet dugout littered with cups and seed husks. Unbuckling his shin guards.
Listening to an opponent celebrate their advancement to the next round of
postseason play.

The Giants were three outs away from their 11th consecutive elimination victory
to force a decisive Game 5 in their NL Division Series at Wrigley Field. But the
ninth inning has been a liquefaction zone for months now. The ground shuddered
again in a 6-5 loss that ended their season Tuesday night.

Giants manager Bruce Bochy used five relievers in a six-batter span, and no
combination worked. An error from Gold Glove shortstop Brandon Crawford
compounded the damage. The Cubs scored four runs to take Game 4 and advance to
the NLCS - the first postseason series defeat in Bochy's tenure in San
Francisco, and of Posey's career.

The Giants had ousted 10 consecutive playoff opponents. How about this? The Cubs
are the first team to bestow them with goat horns.

And in an even year, no less.

Javier Baez hit a tiebreaking single up the middle off Hunter Strickland to
score Jason Heyward, who had reached second base on Crawford's throwing error.
It was the second blown save in as many nights, and the franchise-record 32nd
for the Giants this season.

They survived so much late-inning failure to become an NL wild-card team, and
even to put off elimination in a 13-inning victory in Game 3 Monday night. But
their bullpen was a congenital flaw, and it was only a matter of time.

Matt Moore held the Cubs to two hits in eight brilliant innings, and the Giants'
closer-less bullpen only needed to finagle three outs with a 5-3 lead.

Bochy began the ninth with Derek Law, and Kris Bryant singled. Then left-hander
Javier Lopez walked Anthony Rizzo. Sergio Romo, who threw 32 pitches while
giving up a tying home run Monday night, hung a slider that Ben Zobrist lined to
right field for a double.

With the tying runs in scoring position, Bochy went to left-hander Will Smith
and Cubs manager Joe Maddon burned pinch hitter Chris Coghlan for Willson
Contreras, whose single up the middle whizzed past the pitcher's bare hand.

Heyward followed by bunting too hard back to the mound, and Smith made an
accurate throw to second base for the forceout. But Crawford's throw to first
base skipped past first baseman Brandon Belt.

Then Baez greeted Strickland's heat with another RBI single up the middle as the
Cubs dugout celebrated.

Cubs closer Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth, and when Belt
waved through the final pitch, winter descended on San Francisco.

Moore was born in Florida, grew up on a military base on Okinawa, went to high
school in New Mexico, came to the major leagues with the Tampa Bay Rays under a
manager named Joe Maddon, and arrived with the Giants in an Aug. 1 trade.

His life is a packed suitcase. He had the Giants ready to pack theirs.

Moore threw rainbow curves. The Cubs found no gold at the end of them.

Moore held the Cubs to two hits and two runs (one earned) while striking out 10
in eight innings, Conor Gillaspie continued his Will Clark impression with a
four-hit night and the Giants even made their own breaks after Crawford missed a
home run off the arcade by millimeters.

Their tiebreaking hit in the fourth inning came off the bat of a career American
League pitcher who had 16 career plate appearances before Aug. 1.

Moore slapped a bases-loaded single off John Lackey, which appeared to annoy the
Cubs' snarling right-hander to no end. The Giants added to the rally when Lackey
was late to cover first base on Denard Span's ground out.

It was one in a series of small mistakes that were not characteristic for a
Maddon-run Cubs team that won 103 regular-season games.

The Giants took advantage, and even sloughed off their own misfortune to
position themselves for a Game 5.

Crawford missed a home run by the smallest of margins, hitting a double off the
top of the arcade that bounced back into the field of play in the fifth inning.
Hunter Pence got thoroughly confused on the bases, turning back to second base
as Crawford began to coast into it. Pence was fortunate that the Cubs didn't
handle a relay cleanly, allowing him to change direction and make it to third.

The Giants put the two runs on the board anyway. Gillaspie, one day after
turning around a 100.9 fastball from Chapman, lined an RBI single against
left-hander Travis Wood. Joe Panik followed with a sacrifice fly that gave the
Giants their three-run advantage.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Giants' bullpen blows up again

BYLINE: Andrew Baggarly; Bay Area News Group

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 759 words

ABSTRACT

dc-z-giants

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> In his major league life, Buster Posey had never inhabited this
place before.

In a quiet dugout littered with cups and seed husks. Unbuckling his shin guards.
Listening to an opponent celebrate their advancement to the next round of
postseason play.

The Giants were three outs away from their 11th consecutive elimination victory
to force a decisive Game 5 in their NL Division Series at Wrigley Field. But the
ninth inning has been a liquefaction zone for months now. The ground shuddered
again in a 6-5 loss that ended their season Tuesday night.

Giants manager Bruce Bochy used five relievers in a six-batter span, and no
combination worked. An error from Gold Glove shortstop Brandon Crawford
compounded the damage. The Cubs scored four runs to take Game 4 and advance to
the NLCS - the first postseason series defeat in Bochy's tenure in San
Francisco, and of Posey's career.

The Giants had ousted 10 consecutive playoff opponents. How about this? The Cubs
are the first team to bestow them with goat horns.

And in an even year, no less.

Javier Baez hit a tiebreaking single up the middle off Hunter Strickland to
score Jason Heyward, who had reached second base on Crawford's throwing error.

It was the second blown save in as many nights, and the franchise-record 32nd
for the Giants this season.

They survived so much late-inning failure to become an NL wild-card team, and
even to put off elimination in a 13-inning victory in Game 3 Monday night. But
their bullpen was a congenital flaw, and it was only a matter of time.

Matt Moore held the Cubs to two hits in eight brilliant innings, and the Giants'
closer-less bullpen only needed to finagle three outs with a 5-3 lead.

Bochy began the ninth with Derek Law, and Kris Bryant singled. Then left-hander
Javier Lopez walked Anthony Rizzo. Sergio Romo, who threw 32 pitches while
giving up a tying home run Monday night, hung a slider that Ben Zobrist lined to
right field for a double.

With the tying runs in scoring position, Bochy went to left-hander Will Smith
and Cubs manager Joe Maddon burned pinch hitter Chris Coghlan for Willson
Contreras, whose single up the middle whizzed past the pitcher's bare hand.

Heyward followed by bunting too hard back to the mound, and Smith made an
accurate throw to second base for the forceout. But Crawford's throw to first
base skipped past first baseman Brandon Belt.

Then Baez greeted Strickland's heat with another RBI single up the middle as the
Cubs dugout celebrated.

Cubs closer Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth, and when Belt
waved through the final pitch, winter descended on San Francisco.

Moore was born in Florida, grew up on a military base on Okinawa, went to high
school in New Mexico, came to the major leagues with the Tampa Bay Rays under a
manager named Joe Maddon, and arrived with the Giants in an Aug. 1 trade.

His life is a packed suitcase. He had the Giants ready to pack theirs.

Moore threw rainbow curves. The Cubs found no gold at the end of them.

Moore held the Cubs to two hits and two runs (one earned) while striking out 10
in eight innings, Conor Gillaspie continued his Will Clark impression with a
four-hit night and the Giants even made their own breaks after Crawford missed a
home run off the arcade by millimeters.

Their tiebreaking hit in the fourth inning came off the bat of a career American
League pitcher who had 16 career plate appearances before Aug. 1.

Moore slapped a bases-loaded single off John Lackey, which appeared to annoy the
Cubs' snarling right-hander to no end. The Giants added to the rally when Lackey
was late to cover first base on Denard Span's ground out.

It was one in a series of small mistakes that were not characteristic for a
Maddon-run Cubs team that won 103 regular-season games.

The Giants took advantage, and even sloughed off their own misfortune to
position themselves for a Game 5.

Crawford missed a home run by the smallest of margins, hitting a double off the
top of the arcade that bounced back into the field of play in the fifth inning.
Hunter Pence got thoroughly confused on the bases, turning back to second base
as Crawford began to coast into it. Pence was fortunate that the Cubs didn't
handle a relay cleanly, allowing him to change direction and make it to third.

The Giants put the two runs on the board anyway. Gillaspie, one day after
turning around a 100.9 fastball from Chapman, lined an RBI single against
left-hander Travis Wood. Joe Panik followed with a sacrifice fly that gave the
Giants their three-run advantage.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              March 8, 2015 Sunday

I was 'pass' protection Rich guy used me for pickups & debauchery

BYLINE: Kathianne Boniello

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 482 words


A titillating legal battle has busted out between a jet-setting Hollywood
investor and his assistant - a "Lingerie Bowl" player who claims her job was to
look good and help him pick up hotties.

Blond bombshell Lotti Bluemner, 31, was hired to oversee Erik Gordon's Los
Angeles home, cars and schedule, but says "in reality" she was little more than
a "hot-chick wing-woman."

Gordon, 41, used her "as 'eye candy' and as a 'bait' to attract other attractive
young women, who [he and his friends] would not have been able to attract on
their own," court papers allege.

Gordon also repeatedly asked her to go topless, even after she got pregnant, she
claims in a $13 million California wrongful-termination lawsuit.

The 5-foot-8 model, who was a kicker during the "Lingerie Bowl" preceding the
2006 Super Bowl, was so afraid to lose her $90,000-a-year gig that she even
allowed her boss to snort "lines of cocaine off of [her] exposed breasts in
front of multiple persons," according to court papers.

Her duties included procuring strippers and hookers for Gordon, whom she then
"baby-sat" so he wouldn't be ripped off while in a drunken stupor, the papers
allege.

But Gordon said it's all lies.

In his own Manhattan federal court lawsuit against Bluemner, Gordon says she
ripped off his credit cards, ran up milage on his Cadillac Escalade and tried to
finagle kickbacks from his real-estate deals.

Gordon claims the leggy looker couldn't even change a light bulb in his
penthouse, and he had to fire her for incompetence when she was six weeks from
her due date.

Far from being unhappy in her job, Bluemner begged Gordon to rehire her,
promising in an e-mail to "look wicked hot" at events and parties and to "work
for 50 percent of the pay," Gordon's suit claims.

She sued him only "upon realizing that she would not be reinstated," alleges
Gordon. Her 2014 lawsuit, which was moved to federal court in California last
month, is "sabotaging his reputation," he adds.

Gordon told The Post that Bluemner's legal claims are "manufactured out of whole
cloth." He is seeking unspecified damages and wants a judge to enforce her
nondisclosure agreement.

"Everyone who knows me and knows Ms. Bluemner has found humor in her bizarre
allegations . . . I have countless friends who are women who have faced horrific
instances of hostile work environments and quid-pro-quo sexual harassment. Ms.
Bluemner's complaint . . . does each of them an injustice," he said.

Bluemner denied ever stealing from Gordon or collecting kickbacks and said she
couldn't change the light bulb because she would not climb a ladder while
pregnant.

"It's clearly a fabricated claim," her lawyer, Christian Molnar, said of
Gordon's lawsuit. "It's a very unfortunate circumstance but it's a situation
entirely of Mr. Gordon's own making, and it's unfortunate he doesn't take
­accountability for it."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Forward lass: Lotti Blue­mner, formerly of the "Lingerie Bowl," details
alleged sexual harassment and high jinks of her ex-employer, Erik Gordon
(above). (Newscom)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 15, 1998 Saturday

LIKE BEETLE, APPLE IMAC IS EARLY HIT

BYLINE: JULIO OJEDA-ZAPATA, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 539 words


It's the hottest computer product since Windows 98. Consumers by the tens of
thousands have ordered it sight unseen. Many more are expected to crowd into
Twin Cities computer stores when it goes on sale today.

But will they get an iMac? Apple Computer's new Macintosh, with its translucent
aqua-and-white exterior and hockey-puck mouse, has generated so much consumer
interest that would-be buyers may go home disappointed this weekend.

In fact, supplies may have begun dwindling late Friday. First Tech, a
Minneapolis Macintosh dealer, was scheduled to open its doors shortly before
midnight and begin handing out iMacs to the dozens of customers who left
deposits in recent days.

Because First Tech received only part of its order for 450 iMacs late Friday
afternoon, it was unclear how many computers would be available to the public
today.

"We may have a few (iMacs) for drop-ins," First Tech president Arnie Zuckman
said.

The Roseville CompUSA store, one of two in the Twin Cities with an Apple "store
within a store," wouldn't say how many iMacs it had received by Friday or how
many will remain on store shelves today after advance orders are filled.

Operations manager Skip Grantham says interest in the iMac is "beyond our
expectations."

Some CompUSA customers "tried every which way to squeeze one (out of us on
Friday)," Grantham says. "They tried to finagle one, but we had to refuse
(them)."

The iMac is the first computer Apple has made specifically for the consumer
market in several years. With its $1,300 price tag, which includes a built-in
15-inch monitor, it will compete with sub-$1,000 Windows PCs that are commonly
packaged with inexpensive monitors.

But some shoppers may balk at the iMac's lack of a floppy-disk drive, which is
standard on other Macs and most PCs.

The iMac also does away with familiar Mac connection ports in favor of newer
Universal Serial Bus ports, which have also appeared on PCs. But few USB
peripherals for the iMac will be available until autumn.

The iMac also is hobbled by a relative shortage of software titles for the
Macintosh.

Some computer enthusiasts aren't convinced the iMac is a good buy.

"The iMac is an attempt to be like the new Volkswagen Beetle," says Aaron Kaase,
a St. Paul computer-network analyst. "Both appeal to the consumer through
cosmetic appearance."

Still, the iMac appears to be a hit. Apple received more than 150,000 advance
orders for iMacs by early last week, and it warned that demand for the computer
may initially outstrip supply.

The iMac is already Apple's most successful hardware-product launch of all time,
beating the original Macintosh in 1984 and the recent, popular Power Macintosh
G3 and PowerBook G3 machines, says iMac product-line manager Tom Boger.

Apple's Sacramento factory, which serves the U.S. market, is able to build tens
of thousands of iMacs per week and will do so until after the Christmas shopping
season if necessary, Boger says.

But even that may be insufficient to immediately get an iMac to every customer
who wants one, he cautions.

See Monday's TECH section for additional iMac coverage. Julio Ojeda-Zapata can
be reached at ojeda@pioneer press.com or (612) 228-5467.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             August 3, 1992, Monday

TODAY'S TV TIPS BEST BET

BYLINE: - Compiled by Jennifer Ericksontelevision; personalities

SECTION: LIVING; Section B; Page 6

LENGTH: 438 words


- "Alan Jackson: One Night in Austin" 10 p.m. on The Nashville Network (742203)
- The country star and Newnan, Ga., native was taped at the Texas Exposition &
Heritage Center for his first TV concert special. His band, the Strayhorns, back
him on hits such as "Chasin' That Neon Rainbow" and "Here in the Real World."

OLYMPICS

- Tonight's coverage includes the finals in women's springboard diving; tennis
singles quarterfinals; United States vs. Italy in men's volleyball; and finals
in men's 110-meter hurdles, 10,000 meter, triple jump and women's 800 meters.
Complete Olympics coverage in Section D. TV schedule on Page D2.

CLARK GABLE WEEK

- Cinemax continues its "Summer of 1,000 Movies" with nine classic Gable films
this week. Today's showings are "San Francisco" at 10 a.m. (323406); "The
Hucksters" at noon (872357); "Test Pilot" at 2 p.m. (979609); and "Across the
Wide Missouri" at 4 p.m. (436501).

PRIME TIME

- "Evening Shade" 8 p.m. on Channel 5 (6845) - Herman (Michael Jeter) is
surprised by an onslaught of erotic love letters. He's even more surprised when
he finds out who's sending them: Shirley (Quinn Cummings), the local mechanic.

-"Murphy Brown" 9 p.m. on Channel 5 (64226) - Murphy (Candice Bergen) is not on
the White House A-list so she has to finagle her way to a presidential luncheon.
She and Corky (Faith Ford) end up getting caught red-handed searching for
"F.Y.I." fodder.

-"It" 9 p.m. on Channel 2 (9628) - The second part of the ABC miniseries based
on Stephen King's novel about evil lurking in a small Maine town in the guise of
a brightly colored clown.

-"Northern Exposure" 10 p.m. on Channel 5 (24338) - Marilyn (Elaine Miles) may
not say much, but her cousin (Graham Greene), a "healer," comes to Cicely just
in time, as Shelly (Cynthia Geary) discovers she's shedding her skin. Like, how
totally gross.

LATE NIGHT

- GUEST LIST: Singer Tom Jones and actors Hector Elizondo and Tawny Kitaen on a
repeat of "Dennis Miller" 11:30 on Channel 46 (82609); model Tula, Faith Ford
("Murphy Brown") and the Staple Singers on "Arsenio Hall" midnight on Channel 5
(77988).

COMING TUESDAY

- DAYTIME: Actor/director Clint Eastwood on "Good Morning America" 7 a.m. on
Channel 2 (47365); actress Meryl Streep on "CBS This Morning" 7 a.m. on Channel
5 (74433).

-PRIME TIME:"Roseanne" 9 p.m. on Channel 2 (6568) - Roseanne Arnold selected
this episode as her favorite so it's no surprise that it features her real-life
husband, Tom Arnold, as Dan's (John Goodman) buddy. When he's over to play
poker, he corners Rosie and gives her a big kiss. Thank goodness they didn't
compare tattoos.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922310077

GRAPHIC: Photo: Alan Jackson appears tonight in his first TV concert special.
Photo: mug of Candice Bergen

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

SIZABLE HELPING OF LEWD

BYLINE: BARBARA HOFFMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 492 words


IT'S your typical success story: A full-figured gal from Kansas with a lovely
voice and a potty mouth comes to the big city with a dream.

But instead of landing onstage, she waits tables, sings in karaoke bars,
befriends Kenny Mellman (the Herb of "Kiki and Herb") - and so impresses the guy
behind "Sex and the City" that he helps write her a show.

OK, so maybe it's not all that typical. But neither is "At Least It's Pink,"
Bridget Everett's raunchy musical romp opening tonight at Ars Nova.

As directed and co-written by Michael Patrick King of "Sex and the City," it
features the fleshy beauty in a thong and fishnet stockings, hitting on her
pianist and - between slugs of the chardonnay she pulls from her purse -
relating sexcapades for which the phrase "too much information" was invented.

Funny, freakish yet ultimately sweet (the title refers to the inside of a steak
a customer sent back), "Pink" is not for the fainthearted.

And that's just what King - who waited tables in this city for 15 years before
his own big break - loves about it.

"The first four minutes I was like, what?" King recalls of his first peek at
Everett's show. "And the next 40 minutes, I was leaning forward in my seat,
totally involved . . .

"She's truly fearless." Everett seems to have been born that way. Growing up in
that other Manhattan - the one in Kansas - Bridget was the youngest of six kids
of divorced parents, and "brutal humor" was the family's favorite defense
mechanism.

"It was survival of the fittest," says the 34-year-old, her ample figure
corralled the other day by a zippered black hoodie, a black thong peeking out of
her jeans.

She studied opera in college, but when she came to New York, the only job she
managed to finagle, besides waitressing, was in children's theater.

Instead, she sang in karaoke bars, where her rendition one night of Janis
Joplin's "Piece of My Heart" caught the ear of Kiki's Kenny Mellman.

"I thought, 'Oh, she can sing!' " says Mellman, who studied classical music
before launching his career as one-half of a campy nostalgia act.

At a Thanksgiving party two years ago, they wrote a song - and it was so funny,
it had party guests demanding an encore.

From then on, they worked on a show about Everett's bed-hopping past and present
pulchritude.

"It's not just about a raunchy girl onstage," Mellman insists, clutching his
Chihuahua, Mabel. "It's about permission giving. If she can stand onstage and
have an audience embrace this - all the things people generally don't talk about
in public - then it gives them permission to accept themselves." Oooh-kay.

Either way, it's a hoot - though Everett has yet to give up her day job at Ruby
Foo's uptown, where a guest once suggested, via a comment card, that she wear a
bra. (Surprise, she was wearing one - and that's in the show, too.) All her
manager will say is that she's "a dedicated waitress who keeps everyone on their
toes." Just wait till they see her show.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Full-figured Bridget Everett joins pianist Kenny Mellman in the raunchy
"At Least It's Pink."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BRAVEST SALUTE YOUNG SOFTBALL CHAMPS

BYLINE: BY LISA L. COLANGELO

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 504 words


It's the middle of August, and sometimes I feel like newspaper reporters and
city workers are the only people not on vacation.

So here's a nice civil service-related story to remind us about how great it is
to be a kid during the summer.

A group of young champions got a hero's welcome - and all the ice cream they
could eat - last week from a group of Brooklyn firefighters.

The team of enthusiastic 9- and 10-year-old girls from the New Hyde Park Little
League won an impressive 17 softball games in a row to capture both the New York
State championship in Fredonia and the Eastern Regional Invitational
championship in Fleetsville, Pa.

The youngsters and their families were back from a road trip that had lasted
almost three weeks, taking them from home to upstate New York and then to
Pennsylvania.

That winning team included four assistant coaches, each with a daughter on the
team and a day job working for the city of New York.

One of them is Will Hickey, a firefighter at Ladder 120. His colleagues at
Engine 231/Battalion 44 on Watkins St. in Brownsville had been following the
team's winning streak.

FDNY Capt. John Calamari of Ladder 120 and FDNY Capt. Bobby Higgins of Engine
231 decided to invite the undefeated champions for a celebration and ice-cream
party.

"There's a lot of pride because the girls represent their community and the
state," said Hickey, whose daughter Jenny pitches for the team.

"It also helps the girls build character," Hickey said. "They learn about
commitment and they learn how to play under pressure."

The parents, a dedicated group of moms and dads, had to finagle vacation days
and swap shifts so they could accompany the team to games.

The other assistant coaches include Ray Ward, a firefighter at Ladder 115 in
Queens, Tom Fitzpatrick, a New York City police officer, and Ed Mooney, who
works for the city Transportation Department.

Their daughters - Melissa, Kayla and Jamie - also play on the team.

Hickey said the team was treated "like Major League players" in every community
they visited.

And when one of the girls had a family medical emergency while the team was in
Pennsylvania, a stranger stepped up and offered a ride in his private plane.

This was the first time teams at that age level played for a regional title.
Their achievement will long be remembered at the Little League Hall of Fame in
Williamsport, Pa.

Each of the girls signed a game ball that is now on display - just like the
Major Leaguers.

Memorial soccer tournament

The 14th Annual John and Kevin Kennedy Memorial Soccer Tournament will be held
on Saturday and Sunday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at Van Bourgondien Park in West
Babylon, L.I..

Proceeds fund soccer scholarships at Lindenhurst High School and a donation to
the National Alliance for Research on Schizophrenia and Depression.

Retired FDNY Lt. Joseph Kennedy helped start the tournament 12 years ago with
his sister, Bernadette, and parents, John and Peggy, as a way to remember his
two brothers, who died tragically just a few years apart.

lcolangelo@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Firefighter Will Hickey lets girls from New Hyde Park Softball Little
League team try on turnout coats at Ladder Company 120 and Engine 231 firehouse.
Photo by Todd Maisel/Daily News

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Bombshel Capitol crimes buster

BYLINE: Danika Fears

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 452 words


Attention, Albany: There's a new sheriff in town.

US Attorney Preet Bharara - who has carved a name for himself by posting an 85-1
financial- crimes conviction record since 2009 - is setting his sights on
becoming the gunslinger who cleans up the state Capitol.

Thursday's bust of Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver is the pinnacle of a growing
series of convictions of shady pols, and is another feather in the cap for
prosecutor who is quickly becoming known as one of the country's top lawmen.

"He feels the most umbrage for people who cheat the system and those who have
the most advantage and abuse it," Viet Dinh, a former assistant US attorney
general, told The Post in 2013.

Bharara's biggest Wall Street takedown came in 2011, when a two-year
investigation of hedge-fund billionaire Raj Rajaratnam culminated with the
Galleon Group founder being forced to pay $150 million and spend 11 years behind
bars.

His other major financial-crime victories include snaring a record $1.2 billion
penalty from Steven Cohen's firm, SAC Capital Advisors, which pleaded guilty to
insider-trading violations in November 2013; and nailing technology-research
analyst John Kinnucan, who pleaded guilty to securities-fraud charges in July
2012.

More recently, Bharara - who came from India to the United States with his
family at age 2 - has been turning his attention to dirty dealings in Albany.

He has already scored convictions against several state lawmakers.

In July 2014, Bharara landed a bribery conviction against Councilman Dan
Halloran (R-Queeens), who allegedly tried to finagle state Sen. Malcolm Smith
(D-Queens) onto the Republican ballot for mayor in 2013. Smith is still facing
trial.

In January 2014, Bharara won the conviction of Bronx Assemblyman Eric Stevenson
on bribery and extortion charges. Stevenson was sentenced to three years in
prison.

He also helped put former state Sen. Hiram Monserrate behind bars for two years
in 2012 for misusing $100,000 meant for community programs.

Bharara also has vowed to continue pursuing investigations started by Gov.
Cuomo's Moreland Commission ethics panel probing state government, which was
disbanded last year when it started looking into the governor's office.

Bharara, who grew up in New Jersey, now lives in Westchester with his wife and
three children.

While Bharara, a Democrat, insists he isn't planning a run for office, rumors
about his political future have circulated for years.

"You look at the way he's conducting himself, and he doesn't look like a guy who
plans to join a law firm," one former employee told The Post in 2013. "He's
clearly thinking about another 20 years of public life."

dfears@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Preet Bharara as a sheriff with his gun drawn. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              March 7, 2010 Sunday

Joe Muench: Queen bully Norma Chávez fights to keep seat in state House

BYLINE: By Joe Muench / El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 558 words


There couldn't be a better way to keep political action exciting than watching a
bully queen fight for her political life.

It's the April 13 runoff election against the little girl who lives at home and
supports her mother and grandmother.

It lacks only a ring announcer. "In this corner ..."

Oh, and a referee. "No head-butting, kidney punching or biting off the other
dame's ear ..."

For seven two-year terms in Austin, Ch?vez has been talking big, living like a
queen and growling down peers and rivals alike. She's a terror on El Paso
lobbyists. There's the story of Norma having some guy in a headlock in front of
everybody.

All the while she's boasted of being the candidate for the people. She says she
gets things done for El Paso.

So hardly anyone has run against Norma; usually fellow El Paso politicians and
lobbyists run from her. When Marty Reyes gave challenging a try -- you know,
Marty Reyes of the Chuy Reyeses, U.S. Congressman Silvestre Reyes and the
Reyeses, Reyeses and Reyeses ...

Anyway, Norma defeated Reyes about 70 percent to 30. And Marty Reyes was, and
still is, a pretty good politician; she's still a strong trustee on the Ysleta
school board.

You've gotta like a character like our Norma Ch?vez, El Paso's entry into the
"Rowdy Women of the West."

Then along came Naomi Gonzalez. Low-income family most of her life. Smart girl.
Got into law school. Is now an assistant county attorney.

She says, if elected, she can live on the meager salary state reps get; it's
less than $20,000 a year, plus perks if you can finagle them right. Gonzalez
says, as an attorney she can always make gas money doing wills and such.

And, yes, she still lives in the family abode and supports her mother and
grandmother.

Gonzalez didn't come riding into this election as a gunslinger. She came in on a
plank of "Everybody is fed up with the Ch?vez act."

Ch?vez also lives at home and doesn't have a second job. But she's quite adept
at using per diems and such, and campaign contributions. Somehow, she enrolled
at the University of Texas at Austin on that pay, went back and forth from El
Paso to Austin for legislature business/UTclasses ...

From what anybody can tell, she never did anything not kosher with political
money, but she never missed a meal, or passed on a party opportunity, either.

So Gonzalez got 48 percent of the vote Tuesday and Ch?vez got 46 percent. Since
neither got one vote better than 50 percent, there has to be the April 13
runoff.

Each will be trying to keep their voters and will try hard to get them back to
the polls. Runoffs usually have low voter turnouts.

This will be a close race. Here's how I predict these next five weeks will go:

Back to the boxing match scenario: Gonzalez would be wise to pull a rope-a-dope,
as did Muhammad Ali many years ago. Ali would lean back on the ropes and let the
Joe Frazier-types flail at him until they got too tired to keep their gloves up.

Then pow!

Gonzalez doesn't have a political record; she says she'll work well with others.
We need that.

Ch?vez has a record, all right. And she hasn't been shy about going after people
to achieve it.

The question is, will voters rally behind her political record, or are they fed
up with her knockout record over her El Paso teammates in the Texas House?

Prediction: Gonzalez on a split decision.

Joe Muench may be reached at jmuench@elpasotimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 7, 2000, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

DAVID ARQUETTE BECOMES NEW GROSS-OUT KING

BYLINE: Joe Williams; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. G3

LENGTH: 362 words


To cast an up-and-coming comic idiot in a movie about pro wrestling is a
no-brainer in more ways than one. Teen-agers of America, get ready to give your
dough to David Arquette, the heir apparent to the legacy of Adam Sandler, Rob
Schneider and the now-serious Jim Carrey.

Arquette is such an over-the-top goofball that he renders all issues of personal
taste irrelevant. Like an insistent puppy, he will force you to adopt him or he
will make a mess on your carpet.

In the rambunctious new comedy "Ready To Rumble, Arquette and Scott Caan play
Gordie and Sean, a pair of small-town Wyoming slackers who clean porta-potties
for a living and spend their idle hours espousing the mythic virtues of pro
wrestling. The center of their universe is the grandiose ch ampion of the WCW, a
legendary wrestler called the King (Oliver Platt). When they learn that the King
will be fighting in Cheyenne, they chuck their responsibilities and hit the
highway.

High up in the cheap seats, they are in hog heaven when the King enters the
ring. But the fix is in: An unscrupulous promoter named Titus Sinclair (Joe
Pantoliano) has enlisted the other wrestlers to teach the King a lesson in
humility. The army of turncoats (including WCW luminaries Goldberg and Sting)
reduces the King to a bloody heap, and his two biggest fans leave the arena
disillusioned.

When they wreck their sewage truck on the drive home, they take it as a sign
from above. They vow to find the King and restore him to his rightful place on
the throne. They track him down at a trailer park, where the drunken charlatan
has accepted the inevitable end of his career. But Gordie and Sean are true
believers. They pair the King with a wily old trainer (Martin Landau, in the low
point of his film career) and finagle a rematch with Sinclair's hand-picked
champion, Diamond Dallas Page.

Except for the violence, "Ready to Rumble" is harmless gross-out humor in the
tradition of the "Bill and Ted" movies.

==========

"Ready to Rumble"

* * (out of four)

Rating: PG-13 (for language, crude humor, sexual content and wrestling violence)


Running time: 1:40

Opens today

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 15, 1996, Tuesday

THE SOFT-PEDDLING OF 'SLEEPERS'
FILM MAKERS KEEPING THE FOCUS BLURRY ABOUT TRUTH & CONSEQUENCES IN CONTROVERSIAL
TALE

BYLINE: By ROBERT DOMINGUEZ

SECTION: New York Now; Pg.  35

LENGTH: 583 words


WHAT A DIFFERENCE A YEAR makes.

Last year, the book "Sleepers" was touted as an "extraordinary true story" of
loyalty and revenge played out on New York's mean streets. But now that it's a
major movie starring Robert De Niro, Brad Pitt and Dustin Hoffman, "Sleepers"
seems to have gone from fact to fiction.

Trailers for "Sleepers," based on Lorenzo Carcaterra's book, simply say the film
is based on "the controversial best seller."

The same goes for the movie poster. Not even the promotional Web site touting
the film refers to it as a true story anymore.

Since Carcaterra was branded a liar shortly after his book was published, Warner
Bros., the studio behind the movie, may be gun-shy about the furor surrounding
the validity of his story.

No one can quibble with calling the story "controversial." From nearly the
moment it came out, "Sleepers" was assailed by the Catholic Church, the
Manhattan District Attorney's Office and the state juvenile justice system as
completely fictitious.

But Carcaterra and his publisher, Ballantine Books, have stood firm in insisting
the story is true though he refused to comment for this story.

Set in the late 1960s, "Sleepers" is the story of four mischievous boys from
Manhattan's Hell's Kitchen. After injuring a man during a prank, the kids are
sent to reform school, where they are repeatedly raped and beaten by sadistic
guards. Years later, two of the kids now criminals run into one of the guards at
a Hell's Kitchen bar, shoot him dead and are arrested.

Another boy, now an assistant district attorney, finagles his way onto the case
to purposely bungle the prosecution and save his boyhood buddies.

The fourth boy is Carcaterra, who claims to have convinced a neighborhood priest
to provide an alibi for the killers. Carcaterra is a former Daily News reporter
who received $ 2 million for the sale of the book rights.

"No murder trial resembling the one in the book ever took place," a Manhattan DA
spokesman said at the time. And when Manhattan DA Robert Morgenthau threatened
to prosecute Carcaterra for covering up a murder, Ballantine said the author had
changed not only names and dates, but that the trial, as described in the book,
did not take place in New York County.

DIRECTOR BARRY LEVINSON HAS DOWNplayed the controversial nature of the story in
recent interviews. "What would be the point if it did or didn't happen?"
Levinson told one interviewer. "We're talking about four boys no one knows
about, not the Unabomber."

Despite repeated attempts, neither Levinson nor a Warner Bros. spokesman could
be reached for comment.

Despite Warner Bros. soft-pedaling of the true-story angle, representatives of
Sacred Heart of Jesus Church and School, the Catholic church featured in the
book, are "outraged" that the studio used images of the church to help market
the movie.

A photograph of Sacred Heart was recently featured on the "Sleepers" Web site
until church officials demanded its removal.

"They're playing it up regardless of what they say," says Thomas Harvey, Sacred
Heart's attorney.

In fact, the church is so annoyed it plans a press conference for this morning
to denounce the film, which will be released Friday.

"We feel we have to make a public statement," said Father Kevin Nealan, Sacred
Heart's pastor. "If they said it was fiction, we'd have no problem. Carcaterra
is a victim, all right of his own imagination, even if he is laughing all way to
the bank."


LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COOKING UP A STRATEGY: Warner Bros. has tried to skirt the questions
that have surrounded Lorenzo Carcaterra's story.

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Kawakami: Looking ahead, Giants need fresh face at manager

BYLINE: Tim Kawakami, Mercury News Staff Columnist

SECTION: SP; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 784 words


Felipe Alou was always the Giants' post-Dusty Baker stopgap, an admirable man
and dignified shop steward for the Barry Bonds status quo.

He was hired in 2003 to maintain the paranoid clubhouse culture, not change it.
He was brought in to soothe and strategize, not remake and revolutionize.

So, given the prevailing age and chill moods of the roster, Alou has done well
for more than three good to middling seasons.

But now, to paraphrase Monty Python at this appropriately absurd moment, the
Giants need something completelydifferent.

The status quo is toast. Bonds is a shadow of himself and presumably gone in a
few months. The roster is dried up and blowing away. It's back to Step 1.

Starting this off-season, the Giants will need a manager who radiates energy and
outlines a vision as boldly as Ozzie Guillen did with the White Sox, Willie
Randolph did with the Mets and Joe Girardi did with the Marlins.

The way Baker transformed this franchise in 1993, almost from scratch, with a
little help from the newly signed skinny left fielder.

Alou could never do that at 71. He would never want to do that. (Jim Leyland is
doing it in Detroit, and he looks and acts like a cranky old man, but he's 61.)

What the Giants need is the next big thing, not the last salvaged thing. Really,
they require someone who starts a chain reaction like that Genesis torpedo they
dropped on the dead planet in one of the Star Trek movies.

Yes, of course, I have a list of suggestions that I'm sure Peter Magowan and
Brian Sabean will cut out and burn to dust.

First, let me emphasize: Alou is impossible not to like and respect. He can be
stubborn (still with Armando Benitez?) and flinty (he never liked Joe Nathan),
but he is a man who stands for something and that's never bad.

In the destitute National League West, Alou is talented enough to finagle his
dull team to the magic 81-victory plateau and possibly into the playoffs. I'll
be the first one to salute him for it if he does.

Then I will say goodbye, because it's time.

My 2007 candidates, in order of familiarity and likelihood:

Dave Righetti Giants pitching coach for past seven seasons, influential in
organization, strong New York Yankees pedigree.

Other pluses: Might have been Sabean's next choice in 2003 if Alou wasn't
available, though it's hard to imagine Righetti as Bonds' manager. Easier to
picture with Bonds gone.

Question marks: Pitching coaches rarely make great managers; after all these
years, is Righetti the guy to change the Giants' culture?

Robby Thompson Current special assistant in Cleveland after a year as a bench
coach; a fan favorite from his 1986 to 1996 Giants playing stint.

Question mark: Does he have enough bench experience?

Bob Brenly Current Cubs broadcaster, won 2001 World Series as Arizona manager,
another popular Giant from the 1980s.

Question marks: Why did it fall apart for him so quickly in Arizona? Will he
want too much money?

Ron Washington In 11th season as a coach with the A's, teaching skill praised by
Eric Chavez, Miguel Tejada and others, intense and smart; but could the Giants
bring themselves to hire a longtime A's coach?

Lou Piniella Best of the super retreads, over Art Howe, Davey Johnson and Jim
Fregosi. He ran away from Seattle and Tampa Bay, so why would he come to the
Giants? And why would the Giants want him to?

Shawon Dunston Intelligent and passionate as a player, including stint with the
Giants, in a way that reminds me of Guillen. But Dunston said he never wanted to
manage and looks like he's keeping to it.

Shane Turner Currently managing Giants' Triple-A squad in Fresno and has long
portfolio in the Giants' system; but he's a hard sales job to the fan base.

Darren Lewis Currently acting as a roving minor league instructor, Giants
outfielder from 1991 to 1995. Obviously, he has friends in the organization, but
no managing experience.

Willie McGee 1985 N.L. MVP with St. Louis, a Giant from 1991 to 1994. Not on the
managing track, but was a brilliant ballplayer.

Mark Grace, J.T. Snow, Andres Galarraga Smart, charismatic players in their day.
Long way from managing in the big leagues.

Bud Black Renowned Angels pitching coach, has Giants ties, but has the same
question mark as Righetti -- will hitters listen to him?

Tony Peña Don't know what happened in Kansas City, but only Marty Schottenheimer
wins in Kansas City.

Omar Vizquel Current shortstop, wants to be a manager. His candidacy's problem?
He's the Giants' best player right now and has at least two seasons left in him.

Dusty Baker Oh, him. Probably will be cut loose by Chicago, and still a Bay Area
legend, but no. The Giants should be seeking Dusty: The Next Generation.

Contact Tim Kawakami at tkawakami@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5442.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Kawakami: Looking ahead, Giants need fresh face at manager

BYLINE: Tim Kawakami, Mercury News Staff Columnist

SECTION: SP; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 784 words


Felipe Alou was always the Giants' post-Dusty Baker stopgap, an admirable man
and dignified shop steward for the Barry Bonds status quo.

He was hired in 2003 to maintain the paranoid clubhouse culture, not change it.
He was brought in to soothe and strategize, not remake and revolutionize.

So, given the prevailing age and chill moods of the roster, Alou has done well
for more than three good to middling seasons.

But now, to paraphrase Monty Python at this appropriately absurd moment, the
Giants need something completelydifferent.

The status quo is toast. Bonds is a shadow of himself and presumably gone in a
few months. The roster is dried up and blowing away. It's back to Step 1.

Starting this off-season, the Giants will need a manager who radiates energy and
outlines a vision as boldly as Ozzie Guillen did with the White Sox, Willie
Randolph did with the Mets and Joe Girardi did with the Marlins.

The way Baker transformed this franchise in 1993, almost from scratch, with a
little help from the newly signed skinny left fielder.

Alou could never do that at 71. He would never want to do that. (Jim Leyland is
doing it in Detroit, and he looks and acts like a cranky old man, but he's 61.)

What the Giants need is the next big thing, not the last salvaged thing. Really,
they require someone who starts a chain reaction like that Genesis torpedo they
dropped on the dead planet in one of the Star Trek movies.

Yes, of course, I have a list of suggestions that I'm sure Peter Magowan and
Brian Sabean will cut out and burn to dust.

First, let me emphasize: Alou is impossible not to like and respect. He can be
stubborn (still with Armando Benitez?) and flinty (he never liked Joe Nathan),
but he is a man who stands for something and that's never bad.

In the destitute National League West, Alou is talented enough to finagle his
dull team to the magic 81-victory plateau and possibly into the playoffs. I'll
be the first one to salute him for it if he does.

Then I will say goodbye, because it's time.

My 2007 candidates, in order of familiarity and likelihood:

Dave Righetti Giants pitching coach for past seven seasons, influential in
organization, strong New York Yankees pedigree.

Other pluses: Might have been Sabean's next choice in 2003 if Alou wasn't
available, though it's hard to imagine Righetti as Bonds' manager. Easier to
picture with Bonds gone.

Question marks: Pitching coaches rarely make great managers; after all these
years, is Righetti the guy to change the Giants' culture?

Robby Thompson Current special assistant in Cleveland after a year as a bench
coach; a fan favorite from his 1986 to 1996 Giants playing stint.

Question mark: Does he have enough bench experience?

Bob Brenly Current Cubs broadcaster, won 2001 World Series as Arizona manager,
another popular Giant from the 1980s.

Question marks: Why did it fall apart for him so quickly in Arizona? Will he
want too much money?

Ron Washington In 11th season as a coach with the A's, teaching skill praised by
Eric Chavez, Miguel Tejada and others, intense and smart; but could the Giants
bring themselves to hire a longtime A's coach?

Lou Piniella Best of the super retreads, over Art Howe, Davey Johnson and Jim
Fregosi. He ran away from Seattle and Tampa Bay, so why would he come to the
Giants? And why would the Giants want him to?

Shawon Dunston Intelligent and passionate as a player, including stint with the
Giants, in a way that reminds me of Guillen. But Dunston said he never wanted to
manage and looks like he's keeping to it.

Shane Turner Currently managing Giants' Triple-A squad in Fresno and has long
portfolio in the Giants' system; but he's a hard sales job to the fan base.

Darren Lewis Currently acting as a roving minor league instructor, Giants
outfielder from 1991 to 1995. Obviously, he has friends in the organization, but
no managing experience.

Willie McGee 1985 N.L. MVP with St. Louis, a Giant from 1991 to 1994. Not on the
managing track, but was a brilliant ballplayer.

Mark Grace, J.T. Snow, Andres Galarraga Smart, charismatic players in their day.
Long way from managing in the big leagues.

Bud Black Renowned Angels pitching coach, has Giants ties, but has the same
question mark as Righetti -- will hitters listen to him?

Tony Peña Don't know what happened in Kansas City, but only Marty Schottenheimer
wins in Kansas City.

Omar Vizquel Current shortstop, wants to be a manager. His candidacy's problem?
He's the Giants' best player right now and has at least two seasons left in him.

Dusty Baker Oh, him. Probably will be cut loose by Chicago, and still a Bay Area
legend, but no. The Giants should be seeking Dusty: The Next Generation.

Contact Tim Kawakami at tkawakami@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5442.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 26, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1031 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1  THE CLOSERS (Warner,                           3
    $7.99). By Michael
    Connelly After two
   years of retirement,
  Harry Bosch returns to
  the LAPD and joins its
   new cold-case unit.
2   THE BROKER (Dell,                            12
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
3  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                           14
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
4   HONEYMOON (Warner,                            7
    $13.95). By James
    Patterson & Howard
  Roughan. An FBI agent
  suspects the alluring
   fiancée in a wealthy
     banker's death.
5      SKELETON MAN                               3
   (HarperTorch, $7.99)
    By Tony Hillerman.
   Leaphorn & Chee hunt
  for diamonds lost in a
   1956 plane collision
  over the Grand Canyon.
6  GILEAD (Picador USA,                           5
    $14). By Marilynne
   Robinson An elderly
   minister, in failing
   health, reflects on
  his enduring faith and
   a lifetime spent in
   the same Iowa town.
7    THE THIRD SECRET                             3
   (Ballantine, $7.99).
    By Steve Berry The
     final mystery of
   Fatima -- which Pope
  John Paul II revealed
  in 2000 -- may be more
      than it seems.
8    THE KITE RUNNER                             71
   (Riverhead, $14) By
   Khaled Hosseini. An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
      to atone for a
   childhood betrayal.
9   IMPOSSIBLE (Dell,                             3
   $7.99). By Danielle
  Steel The owner of an
   influential gallery
   begins a tempestuous
  affair with a younger,
    somewhat Bohemian
         artist.
1  ROBERT LUDLUM'S THE                            1
0   MOSCOW VECTOR (St.
   Martin's, $7.99). By
    Patrick Larkin. A
   toxin targeting DNA
   aids Russia's bid to
  regain lost territory.
    Nonfiction/General
1  NIGHT (FSG, $9). By                           13
  Elie Wiesel The Nobel
  laureate's terrifying
      account of his
     experience in a
    concentration camp
   during World War II.
2    A MILLION LITTLE                            21
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  Billed as a memoir of
   addiction recovery,
  the author now admits
   to embellishing his
          tale.
3     IN COLD BLOOD                              17
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
      blend of crime
      reportage and
   fictional techniques
  made this account of a
     grisly murder an
     instant classic.
4 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         59
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
5     COLLAPSE: HOW                               8
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
6   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             8
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
7       ANIMALS IN                                3
  TRANSLATION: USING THE
  MYSTERIES OF AUTISM TO
  DECODE ANIMAL BEHAVIOR
    (Harvest, $15) By
     Temple Grandin &
    Catherine Johnson
8 FLYBOYS: A TRUE STORY                           1
   OF COURAGE (Little,
    Brown, $7.99). By
    James Bradley. The
   brutal captivity of
   eight American POWs
     held by Japanese
         forces.
9 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         100
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
1 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         60
0  (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1 5TH HORSEMAN (Little,                           1
    Brown, $27.95) By
   James Patterson and
      Maxine Paetro.
    Patients' puzzling
   deaths at a hospital
    suggest a ruthless
        murderer.
2    CELL (Scribner,                              4
   $26.95). By Stephen
   King A mind-altering
        pulse sent
  simultaneously via all
     mobile phones in
    America turns its
     recipients into
         zombies.
3   THE DA VINCI CODE                            99
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
       a murderer.
4 IN THE COMPANY OF THE                           1
    COURTESAN (Random
    House, $23.95). By
  Sarah Dunant A woman's
  troubles and triumphs
  in Renaissance Venice.
5    THE LAST TEMPLAR                             4
   (Dutton, $24.95) By
     Raymond Khoury.
    Modern-day zealots
     from the Knights
    Templar hunt for a
    treasure not seen
       since 1291.
6  SEA CHANGE (Putnam,                            2
  $24.95). By Robert B.
    Parker Small-town
    sheriff probes the
   murder of a visiting
   Florida heiress who
  had some kinky sexual
          whims.
7    MEMORY IN DEATH                              4
   (Putnam, $24.95). By
    J.D. Robb Cop Eve
    Dallas rebuffs her
  cruel foster mother's
   attempt at blackmail
     -- and finds her
  murdered the next day.
8 LOVERS & PLAYERS (St.                           2
   Martin's, $24.95) By
    Jackie Collins. A
  billionaire patriarch
  summons his three sons
  (each struggling with
    personal drama) to
           NYC.
9  THE HOSTAGE (Putnam,                           7
    $26.95). By W.E.B.
   Griffin A diplomat's
  murder, a family held
  captive and the Iraqi
   oil-for-food scandal
   meld in this Charley
    Castillo thriller.
1  MARY, MARY (Little,                           13
0   Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
    Nonfiction/General
1 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                          10
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
2  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          45
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
3  MANHUNT: THE 12-DAY                            2
   CHASE FOR LINCOLN'S
     KILLER (Morrow,
   $26.95). By James L.
   Swanson. John Wilkes
   Booth's sensational,
   elusive flight from
     Washington, D.C.
4 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          44
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
5  YOU'RE WEARING THAT?                           4
  UNDERSTANDING MOTHERS
     AND DAUGHTERS IN
   CONVERSATION (Random
    House, $25.95). By
      Deborah Tannen
6  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           19
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
7   AT CANAAN'S EDGE:                             5
   AMERICA IN THE KING
  YEARS, 1965-68 (Simon
   & Schuster, $35). By
    Taylor Branch The
  third and final volume
    of a civil rights
         history.
8  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                           12
   POLITICAL GENIUS  OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
9  BLINK: THE POWER OF                           44
     THINKING WITHOUT
    THINKING (Little,
    Brown, $25.95). By
   Malcolm Gladwell The
    complex psychology
     behind our snap
        decisions.
1 LIGHTING THE WAY: NINE 1Rankings reflect sales for the week ended Feb. 19,
0   WOMEN WHO CHANGED      2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
      MODERN AMERICA     permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 20YY
   (Miramax, $25.95) By      by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
   Karenna Gore Schiff.    italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
  20th-century pioneers.   which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
                          Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
                                      separate, monthly list.)

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 6, 2006 Monday

To make it here, you must first find a stage

BYLINE: SIMON HOUPT

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; NEW YORK DIARY; Pg. R1

LENGTH: 902 words


On Broadway, sometimes good news can be a real drag. The industry is still
riding high from last year's record box office of $825-million (U.S.) Next month
brings Julia Roberts's Broadway debut. People are excited about a big wave of
other shows, from The Threepenny Opera to Ring of Fire: The Johnny Cash Musical
and a musical adaptation of the Adam Sandler movie The Wedding Singer. (Well,
some people are excited.) Problem is, there's so much activity that there are
more shows in the works than theatres to house them. And that happens to be very
bad news if you're dying to come to Broadway, like the American team behind The
Drowsy Chaperone, a comic musical that started in the back room of a Toronto bar
in 1998.

This is a unique sort of gridlock. Movie producers, visual artists, and authors
can almost always find an outlet for their work. But if you want to play on
Broadway, you've got to finagle your way into one of only 39 theatres currently
in operation.

A couple of months ago, during a so-called "pre-Broadway" run in Los Angeles,
The Drowsy Chaperone seemed a sure thing for New York, so sure that fans who
hadn't even seen it were chattering about Tony awards. But since it closed in
Los Angeles at the end of December, its express ride to Broadway has looked. . .
er, drowsy. Until another show folds, there's just no room at the inn.

The show's team considered moving into the Hilton Theatre on 42nd Street, which
was known as the Ford Center for the Performing Arts when Garth Drabinsky's
Livent owned it before imploding. But the general consensus is that, with 1,800
seats, the theatre is much too big for the intimate charms of Drowsy, a love
letter to the musical theatre.

The best likely spot for the show is the 1,079-seat Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on
West 45th. But please don't bring that up with anyone working on Chita Rivera:
The Dancer's Life, which happens to be ensconced there right now. Rivera's show,
in which she retells the story of her impressive career through song and dance,
reduces theatre folk to misty fits of nostalgia and appreciation.

Still, there may not be enough of those fawning folk to keep the show running.
Since it opened in December, houses have regularly hovered between half-full and
two-thirds full, with heavily discounted tickets widely available. This weekend,
producers are offering a free dance class for 300 ticket buyers.

No one knows how long Chita will be able to hold off closing, but in such a
small community it's extremely bad form to wish another show ill, which is why
nobody on Drowsy will talk about where they'd like to play. Still, they got a
boost recently when two other shows that had been eyeing the Schoenfeld
announced alternate plans: Hot Feet, an Earth, Wind and Fire musical revue, is
going into the Hilton, while Martin Short pushed off his intended spring landing
on Broadway until August.

Theatre rentals always include a cut of the weekly gross, which is why theatre
owners get itchy if the box office isn't what it could be. There's usually a
stipulation in rental contracts, known as a stop clause, that allows either the
producer or the theatre owner to kill a show if the gross drops below a set
amount for two consecutive weeks.

Until that happens, prospective producers spend their time sweet-talking theatre
owners to make sure their show is top of mind if another one closes. That's why
the three most popular men in town right now are Gerald Schoenfeld, the chairman
of the Shubert Organization, which oversees 16 Broadway houses and has a half
share in another; James M. Nederlander, the chairman of the Nederlander
Organization, which has nine houses; and Rocco Landesman, who owns five houses
under the Jujamcyn Theaters name.

All three are looking for a show that will run forever, but since nobody knows
anything (Schoenfeld famously turned down The Producers, reportedly telling Mel
Brooks it was "too inside-baseball"), they tend to hedge their bets by giving
higher priority to shows brought in by experienced producers. Which is why it
helps Drowsy enormously that the producers Kevin McCollum (Rent, Avenue Q), and
Bob Boyett (Topdog/Underdog, Spamalot) came on a year ago to help shepherd the
show to Broadway.

But time is ticking down to May 10, the last day a show can open to be eligible
for this year's Tony Awards, which are handed out June 11. Conventional wisdom
holds that shows stand a much better chance of winning the best musical award if
they open near the deadline: Of the last 20 shows to win, 14 opened in the final
four months of eligibility. And even if the award doesn't mean much at the box
office (Beauty and the Beast lost to Sondheim's Passion in 1994, and guess which
one is still running?), its promise helps to attract actors and their egos. If
Drowsy doesn't hit the stage in time for the Tony cut-off, there's a fear that
it will lose momentum and interest among its supporters, and its cast members
will commit to other projects.

Last Friday morning, the Drowsy producer Roy Miller shrugged and told me over
the phone, "It's in the hands of the gods." That afternoon, the gods showed a
faint smile: Andrew Lloyd Webber's critically lambasted show The Woman in White,
which opened only last November, will close Feb. 19, leaving the 1,600-seat
Marquis Theater wide open for another tenant. The phone lines along Broadway are
burning up.

shoupt@globeandmail.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Sept. 4 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Contra Costa Times © 2014 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 619 words


It's government that is biggest profiteer

On Aug. 11, Mario Flores wrote in the letters section that we should boycott oil
companies for keeping the price of oil artificially high.

On the same day, this paper printed, "Study: Pipeline pollution more than
expected." The article concerned a Stockholm Environmental Institute study that
concluded building the Keystone pipeline would substantially lower the price of
gasoline, allowing people to drive more cheaply and, pushing their conclusion
beyond the facts, drive more and increase pollution.

Flores needs to know our government's pushing the cost of gasoline higher. Oil
companies make about 6.3 cents profit per gallon of gas. California gets 49.78
cents in taxes per gallon and the federal government gets 18.4 cents per gallon.

In other words, government taxes are 10 times higher than oil company profits.

Next January, California's cap and trade program will begin taxing oil
refineries to pay for Gov. Jerry Brown's high-speed rail and new/expanded social
programs. Gas prices are expected to rise 15 cents to $1 next year; more than $2
a gallon the following year.

Ready for $6 gasoline?

Hal Bray

Brentwood

Caltrans appears not to have a clue

I cross the Richmond-San Rafael Richmond Bridge almost daily and have been stuck
in traffic much more now than before the latest major project that was completed
months ago.

I wrote to Caltrans pointing out that traffic gets backed up westbound. The only
apparent cause is equipment left unattended at rush hour on the shoulder right
after the toll booths. Caltrans never responded.

Is anybody home at Caltrans and, if so, what's its plan?

Steve Birnbaum

Richmond

Chevron buys favor in a variety of ways

In addition to financing the campaigns of local politicians, Chevron does
million-dollar sweet things all over the East Bay. So people love Chevron.

But that wily corporation then finagles hundreds of millions of dollars in tax
breaks and property devaluations that primarily affect the ability of local
governments to fulfill the needs of their constituents.

Chevron's strategy ensures it always has some friendly politicians and that
prominent and influential people, especially in charities and education, are
dependent on Chevron for its programs. Thus, they (understandably) sing the
praises of their benefactor.

These are the tentacles of power -- pulling us the wrong way.

Let's not forget that Chevron's primary motivation is to make money by refining
increasingly toxic oil sources, and is spending billions to do this. This is not
planet- or life-friendly energy investment.

If cloudy, high-latitude Germany makes solar its priority, the sunny United
States surely can also.

John Irminger

Albany

Not the role of press to present one side

This is in response to Frank Brunotts' Aug. 25 letter, "Paper should share
gun-control efforts."

After the Gun Control Act of 1968, no one has unfettered access to guns,
especially not handguns. I wonder if Brunotts has ever tried to buy one.

John Hinkley Jr. was mentally ill when he bought his handgun. He had also been
caught stalking President Jimmy Carter the year before; however, nobody told the
Secret Service. The proper response to people like Hinkley is to improve our
mental-health system, increase communication between law enforcement agencies
and enforce the laws already on the books -- not infringing on the rights of
law-abiding Americans.

The role of the press is to provide a balanced and objective account of what is
going on in the world, not merely to present one side of an issue. That is why
it should advertise any lawful business.

Firearms are not the conclusion to every problem. However, the problems they do
address are a dire emergency.

William Ellis

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Sept. 4 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Contra Costa Times © 2014 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


It's government that is biggest profiteer

On Aug. 11, Mario Flores wrote in the letters section that we should boycott oil
companies for keeping the price of oil artificially high.

On the same day, this paper printed, "Study: Pipeline pollution more than
expected." The article concerned a Stockholm Environmental Institute study that
concluded building the Keystone pipeline would substantially lower the price of
gasoline, allowing people to drive more cheaply and, pushing their conclusion
beyond the facts, drive more and increase pollution.

Flores needs to know our government's pushing the cost of gasoline higher. Oil
companies make about 6.3 cents profit per gallon of gas. California gets 49.78
cents in taxes per gallon and the federal government gets 18.4 cents per gallon.

In other words, government taxes are 10 times higher than oil company profits.

Next January, California's cap and trade program will begin taxing oil
refineries to pay for Gov. Jerry Brown's high-speed rail and new/expanded social
programs. Gas prices are expected to rise 15 cents to $1 next year; more than $2
a gallon the following year.

Ready for $6 gasoline?

Hal Bray

Brentwood

Caltrans appears not to have a clue

I cross the Richmond-San Rafael Richmond Bridge almost daily and have been stuck
in traffic much more now than before the latest major project that was completed
months ago.

I wrote to Caltrans pointing out that traffic gets backed up westbound. The only
apparent cause is equipment left unattended at rush hour on the shoulder right
after the toll booths. Caltrans never responded.

Is anybody home at Caltrans and, if so, what's its plan?

Steve Birnbaum

Richmond

Chevron buys favor in a variety of ways

In addition to financing the campaigns of local politicians, Chevron does
million-dollar sweet things all over the East Bay. So people love Chevron.

But that wily corporation then finagles hundreds of millions of dollars in tax
breaks and property devaluations that primarily affect the ability of local
governments to fulfill the needs of their constituents.

Chevron's strategy ensures it always has some friendly politicians and that
prominent and influential people, especially in charities and education, are
dependent on Chevron for its programs. Thus, they (understandably) sing the
praises of their benefactor.

These are the tentacles of power -- pulling us the wrong way.

Let's not forget that Chevron's primary motivation is to make money by refining
increasingly toxic oil sources, and is spending billions to do this. This is not
planet- or life-friendly energy investment.

If cloudy, high-latitude Germany makes solar its priority, the sunny United
States surely can also.

John Irminger

Albany

Not the role of press to present one side

This is in response to Frank Brunotts' Aug. 25 letter, "Paper should share
gun-control efforts."

After the Gun Control Act of 1968, no one has unfettered access to guns,
especially not handguns. I wonder if Brunotts has ever tried to buy one.

John Hinkley Jr. was mentally ill when he bought his handgun. He had also been
caught stalking President Jimmy Carter the year before; however, nobody told the
Secret Service. The proper response to people like Hinkley is to improve our
mental-health system, increase communication between law enforcement agencies
and enforce the laws already on the books -- not infringing on the rights of
law-abiding Americans.

The role of the press is to provide a balanced and objective account of what is
going on in the world, not merely to present one side of an issue. That is why
it should advertise any lawful business.

Firearms are not the conclusion to every problem. However, the problems they do
address are a dire emergency.

William Ellis

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  December 16, 1997, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Band-Aids not enough to cure what ails IRS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 26A

LENGTH: 419 words


GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS seem to take longer to figure things out than plain old
ordinary citizens. Example: Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin said last week he
was "seriously disturbed" by an internal study that revealed rampant abuse of
taxpayers by the Internal Revenue Service, including evidence that agents are
evaluated at least partly on the basis of how well they meet collection goals
---a direct violation of federal law.

We can't help but think of the immortal lines of police Capt. Renault in the
movie "Casablanca" ---"I'm shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on in
here!" It's ludicrous to think that IRS officials, from bottom to top, have been
unaware of the rigidities, cruelties and unfairness long practiced by what must
be the most hated government agency in the country.

We don't mean to suggest that government shouldn't make appropriate efforts, and
use necessary measures, to ensure that people pay taxes they legitimately owe.
Tax cheaters and evaders cost the Treasury billions of dollars every year
---billions that law-abiding citizens have to make up. But it's inexcusable that
agents are led to believe that they will go further in their careers if they can
maximize the dollars they bring in or the property they can seize, which is what
the probe of the Oklahoma and Arkansas district uncovered.

It's comforting, we suppose, that Rubin and IRS officials have at least admitted
publicly that abuse is going on. Charles O. Rossotti, just beginning his job as
IRS commissioner, vows to make the agency more consumer-friendly. He has decided
to require a review by senior officials before people's assets are seized. (We
wonder, however, if anyone is going to think about returning property to those
who were mistreated.)

All of this is a start, but the report makes it clear that a few new rules here
and there aren't going to be enough to change an institutional philosophy that
the taxpayer is always wrong.

Actually, there is probably a better way to fix this problem than adding more
steps to the process and offering sensitivity training to agents: Get rid of the
tax code that makes it nearly impossible for well-meaning citizens to do right
and encourages others to finagle, manipulate and cheat on their returns. There
are efforts in Congress to bring about real tax reform, such as a flat tax, or a
national sales tax that would pretty much put the IRS out of business ---or at
least take away most of its opportunities to beat up on the citizenry.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               February 23, 1997, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BUFFALOES BUMP MU OFF MOUNTAIN 84-75;
TIGERS (13-14) UNDER .500 1ST TIME SINCE '90

BYLINE: Vahe Gregorian; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 783 words

DATELINE: BOULDER, COLO.


With a last chance at an NCAA Tournament at-large bid dangling before them in
the thin Colorado air Saturday night, the Missouri Tigers came up gasping
instead of grasping.

At the Coors Events Center, a k a "the Foam Dome," MU lost its fizz after a half
and fell 84-75 to No. 21 Colorado.

"We just as a team have some complications," MU's Tyron Lee said. "We can't get
over the hump."

Mizzou, in fact, went under the hump Saturday: The Tigers fell to 13-14 - the
first time they've been under .500 since 1990 - and 5-9 in Big 12 Conference
play.

The Buffs, who had lost three of their past five, are 19-7 and 10-4 - the first
time the school has achieved a 10th conference victory in a season since
1968-69. Yet this is how CU coach Ricardo Patton approached his players before
the game:

"I told the team we had underachieved this season."

Chauncey Billups led Colorado with 31 points. Jason Sutherland led MU with 18
points in just 28 minutes.

Twenty-seven MU fouls resulted in 49 Colorado free throw attempts, including an
astonishing 41 in the second half. CU, which had 46 attempts in the first game
between the teams, made 36. The Tigers hit 17 of 22 on 18 Colorado fouls.

Much of the discrepancy, though, can be attributed to MU fouling intentionally
to try to make up a vast gap.

In his first full season as Colorado's coach, Patton is 3-0 against MU coach
Norm Stewart.

"Just lucky," said Patton, the former Nashville TV cameraman who took over at
Colorado midway through last season and is a leading candidate for Big 12 coach
of the year.

Colorado is on the cusp of just the second 20-win season in school history,
while the Tigers will have to finagle their way into the NCAA Tournament -
particularly considering they have just 12 Division I wins (Northwest Missouri
State is Division II).

With the at-large option seemingly squelched, the Tigers are saddled with the
oppressive task of trying to claim the automatic bid that comes with winning the
conference tournament. That will require winning four games in four days.

The Buffs, who earlier this season had beaten MU in Columbia for the first time
since 1973, swept the Tigers for the first time since that year - after
anticipating a rough time doing it.

"You'd better play just as physical (as Missouri)," Colorado's Fred Edmonds said
before the game, "because if you're timid they'll throw you in the stands."

Local papers had described MU as the "most-hated" team in the league, but
Colorado tolerated Mizzou for the hideous first 20 minutes - during which the
teams combined to make 19 of 55 field-goal attempts.

The Tigers, who had led the first game 35-31 at halftime, trailed by as many as
five in the half and led by as many as six. But Colorado cut into the 22-16
buffer with two Martice Moore free throws and an Edmonds basket around
successive MU turnovers. That enabled the Buffs to be in position to tie the
game 26-26 at the intermission . . . and set up their second-half ambush.

"I think the first five minutes of the second half dictates the outcome of the
game," said Patton, inadvertently citing one of MU's season-long
vulnerabilities.

A Will Smith 3-point play began a 21-6 run made possible by Mizzou miscues on
offense and a technical foul on Stewart.

With Colorado leading 44-32, MU's Tate Decker was jostled by Edmonds and lost
the ball out of bounds. Stewart, who appeared to want the technical, stalked to
the baseline and made a protracted protest. The official let it go . . . until
he abruptly turned and T'd him as they walke d together upcourt.

Billups missed both free throws, but Colorado's Charlie Melvin subsequently made
two free throws after being fouled. The Buffs' biggest lead was 18.

Yet even as it struggled in the air, as Lee acknowledged, MU didn't wilt.
Trailing 63-45, the Tigers went on a 13-2 rampage - triggered by a 3-pointer by
seldom-seen Chip Walther and eight successive points by Derek Grimm - to make it
65-58 with 5:03 left.

After Billups hit a dispiriting 3-pointer to make it 72-60 with 3:10 left, MU
whittled the lead to 80-75 with 23.7 seconds left on a 3-pointer by Sutherland.
The MU senior scored seven successive points after inexplicably sitting out most
of the half and being reinserted in the final 1 minute 46 seconds.

"We weren't doing anything with him in the lineup," Stewart explained.

But Moore made two free throws, and Billups added two more after Sutherland
missed a 3 in between. Sutherland made four of six from 3-point range.

"If you can get a 3 there," Stewart said, "then you might get a little sweat
(from Colorado) on the next free throw."

Instead, all MU had was a last gasp.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC, (1) Photo from AP - Missouri forward Kelly Thames
passes off while surrounded by Colorado's Ronnie DeGray (left) and Will Smith in
Saturday night's game.
 (2) Graphic Chart by Vahe Gregorian - Colorado 84, Missouri 75
 Summing It Up
 * Records: Mizzou, 13-14 overall, 5-9 Big 12; Colorado, 19-7, 10-4.
 * Three Stars: No. 3 - MU's Jason Sutherland (18 points, four of six 3-point
shots) . . . No. 2 - Colorado's Martice Moore (13 rebounds, seven of eight free
throws) . . . No. 1 - CU's Chauncey Billups (31 points, 11 of 14 free throws).
 * Play Of The Game: Any one of Colorado's 49 free throws.
 * Key Stats: Colorado made 36 free throws; Mizzou attempted 22. The Buffs
outrebounded Missouri 39-31.
 * Injury Update: A shoulder injury to go along with his injured wrist kept MU's
Jeff Hafer out for the sixth time in seven games; MU's Kelly Thames played 33
minutes despite twisting his ankle in warmups and leaving the Coors Events
Center on crutches. He is to be examined further Sunday.
 * By The Numbers: 1 - letter of apology sent by MU's Derek Grimm to Kansas'
Raef LaFrentz for a forearm to face on Monday. "I will say we took care of our
end," said MU coach Norm Stewart, who said he wasn't familiar with the wording.
"Not my letter." . . . 1 - MU player (Tyron Lee) allowed to speak to the media
after the game . . . 3 - minutes Lee was permitted to speak . . . 4 - blocked
shots by freshman Tate Decker . . . 8 - losses in same number of true road games
for MU this season . . . 8 - losses, to one win, against ranked teams for MU. .
. . 13 - Colorado players permitted to speak to media . . . 9,947 - in
attendance, the second-largest crowd of the season at Coors (capacity: 11,198).
 * Next Up: Missouri plays host to Texas Tech on Tuesday.

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 5, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE MEDIA BUSINESS: Advertising;
A commercial may become a runaway hit, but a company shouldn't let the idea run
too far.

BYLINE: By Stuart Elliott

SECTION: Section D;   Page 5;   Column 1;   Financial Desk

LENGTH: 908 words


ADVERTISING is, by nature, meant to be popular because people rarely buy
products they despise. Yet usually Americans like few ads they see and love even
fewer, if any.

Occasionally, though, beyond the wildest dreams or schemes of advertisers and
agencies, without their help or hype, an ad becomes more than popular: it
becomes part of the popular culture.

Millions of people spontaneously and simultaneously seize upon a phrase, a
character or a song from an ad and talk about it, joke about it, even ask to see
it again. Examples include the commercial in which a doubting youngster named
Mikey surprisingly liked Life cereal and the campaign in which a smarmy salesman
named Joe told unbelievable lies about Isuzu cars and trucks.

"It's the most peculiar thing," said Charles Rath, executive vice president of
marketing for Wendy's International Inc., who experienced a particularly
forceful version of the phenomenon a decade ago when a skeptical old woman named
Clara Peller bellowed, "Where's the beef?"

"I'd like to have you believe I was so astute as to have thought through" the
reaction to the spot, he added. That reaction included T-shirts, bumper stickers
and then-Vice President Walter F. Mondale asking the meat-seeking question of
Gary Hart in a debate.

"But I don't know how you'd ever build that into a strategy," Mr. Rath said.
"There's every effort every day to try to go out and manufacture something that
works like this, but if you try too hard, you can't."

Currently, there are two instances of the public anointing ads with approbation:

*In a series of humorous television spots for Bud Light beer by DDB Needham
Chicago, an actor named Eddie Jemison portrays a brash but foolish impostor who
finagles his way into plummy situations by proclaiming "Yes I am!" to anyone
rightfully doubting his identity.

*In a commercial for Diet Coke by Lowe & Partners/SMS in New York, a group of
female office workers ogle a bare-chested construction worker, played by a model
named Lucky Vanous, as he takes his daily Diet Coke break.

"We really had no idea it would be so successful," said Jim Schumacker, Bud
Light marketing director at Anheuser-Busch in St. Louis, adding that the
impostor's popularity "exploded" after CBS produced a parody version during its
coverage of the N.C.A.A. basketball tournament -- and President Clinton spoke
the character's catch phrase to open one CBS broadcast.

Steve Jackson, vice president and management representative on the Bud Light
account at DDB Needham Chicago, compared the "runaway hit" status of Mr.
Jemison's character to Spuds MacKenzie, the Bud Light "party animal" of the
1980's.

"When the public votes like that," Mr. Jackson said, "you want to continue the
character." So Mr. Jemison is appearing in a fourth commercial that began
running last week, pretending to be a woman so he can play in a ladies-only pool
tournament.

The response to Diet Coke's role reversal has included innumerable free reruns
of the commercial in news coverage and waves of attention for Mr. Vanous, who is
declared one of "the 50 most beautiful people in the world" in the May 9 issue
of People magazine and has a small part in tonight's episode of the NBC sitcom
"Wings."

"Neither I nor anyone else had any idea the commercial would cause this stir,"
Mr. Vanous said. "I've done some 20-odd commercials and this was the one that
stopped everybody."

Now Diet Coke and Bud Light face a problem: What next? Too often, the benefits
bestowed by these lucky ads are dissipated by overexploitation and failure to
plan effective follow-ups.

"The trick is letting it develop on its own," said Mr. Rath of Wendy's, which
suffered a severe sales slump after mismanaging the "Where's the beef?" hoopla.
He said the company served up "very transparent" sequels that "always failed."

"And you have to figure out how to keep it out in the public eye, to keep the
interest up," he added, "but not too much to kill it." For instance, he said,
Wendy's is deliberately "pulling back" on requests for outside appearances by R.
David Thomas, its founder, so that "we have a good chance of keeping alive for
another two, three years" its current hit campaign, by Backer Spielvogel Bates
Inc., featuring him.

Coca-Cola's difficulty is that beefing up Mr. Vanous's role would contradict the
premise of the Diet Coke campaign, which was deliberately centered on everyday
situations to break the brand's dependence on a skein of stars.

"We're thrilled with the response," Nancy Gibson, Diet Coke worldwide brand
director with the Coca-Cola Company, said, "but it was not our intent to make
him a spokesperson or to feature a celebrity in the ads. Part of the power of
Lucky is that he's an everyday guy."

That's why the company is chary of making a sequel, even though People chides,
"Come on, Coke," in its article about Mr. Vanous.

Executives at DDB Needham Chicago are considering "new ideas for the impostor,"
Mr. Jackson said, "perhaps having the character not be the only person in our
advertising saying 'Yes I am!' and having other people try to get a Bud Light by
taking on the character of someone else."

That would not displease the impostor.

"It would probably be their wisest thing to pass on the line," Mr. Jemison said.
"That would be more interesting" than endless appearances by the impostor, he
added.

"It somehow seems wrong to me to milk it," he continued.

Yes it does.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Attention-grabbing commercials include one for Diet Coke, left,
featuring a bare-chested construction worker who takes a daily soft-drink break,
and a series of humorous spots for Bud Light beer, with a brash impostor who
manages to squirm his way into plummy situations. (LEFT CREDIT: Coca-Cola, RIGHT
CREDIT: Anheuser-Busch)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       July 18, 1997 Friday Final Edition

Wonder dog goes big time with TV debut: Chanda up to her tricks on the Povich
talk show Wonder dog goes big time with TV debut

BYLINE: Andrew Dreschel

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 705 words


This is the day that Chanda, the little wonder dog from Hamilton, finally gets a
shot at the big time.

If all goes according to schedule, the champagne-coloured toy poodle with a
repertoire of 275 tricks, will appear this morning on Maury Povich's syndicated
TV talk show.

It's not a solo spot.

The seven-pound bundle of quivering canine energy will be accompanied by her
"mommy," Sharon Robinson of Limeridge Road West.

And they'll be sharing the spotlight with other animal acts: a miniature camel,
a snake, a baby llama, an armadillo, and a pig in a pink collar that disgraced
itself by wetting the stage during the taping of the show in April.

Chanda wasn't intimidated by the competition or the bright lights of New York
City. As soon as the three-year-old ball of fluff hit the stage, she was ready
to perform.

"Every trick she did, she did with attitude," Sharon proudly recalls.

Sharon has no shortage of attitude herself.

A former model, she won the Mrs. Canada pageant in 1988 and went on to compete
for the Mrs. World title in Australia, where she tied for Mrs. Congeniality.

Now she's handling Chanda's career with all the single-minded dedication of a
stage mother.

The Povich spot came about after Sharon, 52, sent videos of the pooch to all the
talk shows.

Povich bit and they got the whole whirlwind limo and Sheraton Manhattan
treatment.

But it wasn't the first time Sharon tried to spring Chanda from her usual
performance circuit of local hospitals, nursing homes, schools and corporate
parties.

Last year they came within an ace of guesting on The Late Show with David
Letterman, but were cut from the show before it went on the air.

And when Regis Philbin and Kathie Lee Gifford were taping their talk show in
Niagara Falls last summer, Sharon entered a ticket contest under Chanda's name,
hoping to finagle a TV appearance. But it was strictly no dogs allowed.

Which stung, because Chanda's not your typical tail-wagger.

"She's a fur person," says Sharon.

The dog's got talent, no question about that.

Besides all the regular doggie tricks such as shaking hands and rolling over,
Chanda can untie knots, distinguish and fetch countless objects by name, pound
the piano keys, push a baby buggy on her hind legs, recognize numbers and
letters of the alphabet, open and close doors.

And she does it all with a frenzied eagerness to please and an insanely happy
expression on her face.

Sharon didn't set out to create a wonder dog when she bought Chanda from a Sault
Ste. Marie breeder in 1994.

She just wanted a pet to hug, cuddle and love. When she decided she also wanted
Chanda to stay and come on command, she soon realized she had a phenomenon of
her hands, intelligent, alert and easy to train -- particularly when coaxed with
tidbits of chicken and Parmesan cheese.

Treats aren't Chanda's only rewards.

Around town, she travels in style in a converted baby stroller, designed by
Sharon and her 65-year-old husband, Tom, a former builder. They call it the
Chanda-mobile.

For short hauls, they use the Chanda-bag, a floral tote with zip-up mesh windows
that's just right for carrying the dog into church, Sunday school and
restaurants.

Chanda's so impeccably well behaved that when nature calls she alerts her owners
by ringing a small bell inside the bag.

At home, there's the Chanda-potty.

No papers or litter box for this pet. She does her business in the condo's
bathroom, on a plastic tray with a grill surface and collector pan. No. 2 gets
flushed down the toilet. No. 1 gets washed away.

While most dogs chow down in the kitchen, Chanda's food and water bowls are
conveniently located on a throw rug in the living room.

And at night, she takes her place in the bed between Sharon and Tom.

"She's the best friend you could ever have," says Tom.

She's much more than that, according to Sharon, a devout Christian.

"Chanda is an outreach ministry."

Sharon says everyone loves Chanda's antics. She makes people smile, and all the
money from paid performances goes to local charities.

Sharon knows people might think Chanda is a substitute for the children she
never had, but she doesn't mind.

"The Lord gave me a vision, and the vision was the little dog."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Scott Gardner, The Spectator; Wonder-poodle Chanda demonstrates
one of her 275 tricks during her appearance with her owner, Sharon Robinson, on
Maury Povich's TV show.

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 1997 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          November 26, 2008 Wednesday

Legions of Bay Area sports figures have reasons to be thankful

BYLINE: By Monte Poole Staff columnist

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 698 words


ON THIS DAY of giving thanks, it seems appropriate to speak on behalf of those
who have so much for which they should be thankful. Bless them, for they shall
be forever grateful.


     ·    Giants pitcher Barry Zito, for receiving bloated paychecks not based
          on performance.



     ·    Warriors swingman Stephen Jackson, for having a coach who accepts his
          penchant for dribbling into turnovers and taking guarded shots while
          teammates are open.



     ·    Warriors coach Don Nelson, for having Jackson to fill the team
          leadership void created by the departure of Baron Davis.



     ·    Raiders wide receiver Ronald Curry, for the sweet emancipation that
          comes with being a free agent in 2009.



     ·    49ers quarterback Alex Smith, for a future with a new throwing
          shoulder, a new head coach and a new start, regardless of whether it's
          in San Francisco.



     ·    Jets quarterback Brett Favre, for the clout to dictate his place of
          employment and, wow, enter the final month of the season in the thick
          of the MVP race.



     ·    The Tennessee Titans, for the pressure-deflating blemish administered
          last week by Favre and the Jets.



     ·    Notre Dame football coach Charlie Weis, for the good fortune of
          working at a school where there is a pigmentation-based double
          standard for mediocrity.



     ·    Washington football coach Tyrone Willingham, for the merciful
          conclusion to a most inglorious tenure with the once-proud Huskies.



     ·    A's owner Lew Wolff, for a battered economy that surely won't break
          him but will provide handy and legitimate reasons for the continued
          delays related to his Fremont Fantasy.



     ·    Unemployed football coach Lane Kiffin, for the opportunities afforded
          in the wake of disastrous legacies left by Willingham in Seattle and
          Tommy Bowden at Clemson.



     ·    Boxing great Roy Jones, for the blood-stained "retire now" message
          sent by the pulverizing fists of Joe Calzaghe.



     ·    Raiders owner Al Davis, for the cunning and foresight that allowed him
          to finagle the kind of iron-clad contract that renders all limited
          partners utterly voiceless in the organization's decision-making
          process.



     ·    Niners owner John York, for the towering presence of interim coach
          Mike Singletary, who has been compelling enough to divert public
          attention away from the ennui in the owner's box.



     ·    The university presidents and athletic directors who insist on staying
          with the generally unpopular Bowl Championship Series, for the right
          to remain defiantly illogical, doing things their way as long as they
          can get away with it.



     ·    Bulls rookie Derrick Rose, for receiving countless exquisite gifts
          from the hoop gods.



     ·    Sharks coach Todd McLellan, for veteran backup goalie Brian Boucher,
          who replaced the injured Evgeni Nabokov for seven games and went 5-1-1
          with better individual statistics.



     ·    Raiders linebacker Sam Williams, for the eternal scholarship, plus
          paychecks, granted by Big Al.



     ·    Cowboys cornerback Adam Jones, for numerous opportunities to shed the
          ugly "Pacman" image, butchering those opportunities, and receiving yet
          more opportunities.



     ·    Rice basketball coach Ben Braun, for the lack of attention accorded
          his debut, a loss at home to Portland State.



     ·    Raiders coach Tom Cable, for his offense not going an entire month
          without scoring a touchdown.



     ·    Golf great Tiger Woods, for the privilege of being Tiger, wounded knee
          and all.



     ·    Lakers star Kobe Bryant, for a forgiving America and its short memory.



     ·    Raiders defensive coordinator Rob Ryan, for the pleasure of working
          for an owner who doubles as a godfather.



     ·    Members of the 49ers offensive line, for having a quarterback, Shaun
          Hill, whose decisiveness and quick release spare them the continuous
          embarrassment they surely felt when J.T. O'Sullivan was slinging
          passes for San Francisco.



     ·    Cal football coach Jeff Tedford, for Jahvid Best, a terrific
          alternative for a quarterback guru whose QBs this season emitted the
          strong sense of, um, mediocrity.



     ·    Free-agent shortstop Rafael Furcal, reportedly negotiating with the
          A's and considering a move to Oakland, for the softening Bay Area real
          estate market.



     ·    Celebrity dancer and former NFL star Warren Sapp, for the ability to
          conceal his dark side while utilizing his charm to insinuate his way
          into America's hearts.



     ·    Sapp, again, for the lean meat of roasted turkey.


Contact Monte Poole at mpoole@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Receiver Ronald Curry #89 of the Oakland Raiders makes a catch against
the Miami Dolphins in the second quarter at Dolphin Stadium November16, 2008 in
Miami, Florida. Miami defeated Oakland 17-15. (Photo by Marc Serota/Getty
Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 13, 2004 Saturday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

GARDEN GREAT PLACE FOR ARTEST TO PERFORM

BYLINE: BY LISA OLSON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 804 words


Where is Ron Artest when the Garden really needs him? His extreme insanity would
fit in so nicely with New York's most combustible band of brothers.

Long ago, before the artist known as Artest began channeling his second calling,
and before the Knicks began weaving unseemly stains into this once glorious
franchise, a perfect fit was hatched. The Knicks would select the mayor of
Queensbridge in the first round of the NBA draft, and championships would soon
follow. Ticker-tape parades would start at the corner of 7th and 34th and
stretch across the 59th St. Bridge. On street corners in Brooklyn and backyards
in Westchester, impressionable tykes would discover defense was the quickest way
to cool.

But some brilliant suit decided this potential affair was too explosive, too
risky, and so the Knicks instead wasted their 1999 first-round pick on Frederic
Weis. They might as well have chosen a blow-up doll. He got posterized by Vince
Carter in the Sydney Olympics and was last seen muttering at the muddy Seine.

Perhaps the Knicks were right; perhaps the flaky, infuriating Artest and his
cloying entourage would have led the Knicks smack into a concrete wall of
disrepair and disgrace. (Well, yeah, say Knicks fans, and the team's current
position is much different?) This is how those suits must console themselves in
the smoky backrooms where the Dolans count their money and never stress over
what might have been. Artest went on to an All-Star career with the Indiana
Pacers, the Knicks' nemesis. If he were a Knick, he might have been swallowed
hole by the nightlife's glitz and spat out like gristle, or Kenny Anderson.

More likely, Artest would have made the Garden relevant again, instead of
spinning his madness in America's heartland, where they will never get him, and
probably don't deserve him. No matter how ridiculous Artest often sounds, no
matter how silly he obstinately remains, the juice never would have leaked like
radioactive waste from the Garden if Artest were a Knick.

There was a slight buzz last night as the Knicks took on the Los Angeles
Clippers, not a shock considering we are a society content to overdose on bad
reality shows. Would the New York coaches take their proper seats, without
jostling or territorial star-downs? Would Isiah Thomas figured a way to finagle
Eddy Curry from the Chicago Bulls? Would Tim Thomas emerge from his funk? Would
Marv Albert be giggling somewhere?

"I haven't walked into the locker room so I don't know if anybody's tripped or
anything," coach Lenny Wilkens deadpanned before the game, which was his way of
saying all was fine, momentarily, in this strange little corner.

It is possible to rip Artest the wack-job while in the next breath insisting
he'd be a perfect Knick. Anyone who dealt with Artest in the late '90s, when he
turned St. John's into one of the most delightful stories to hit the Northeast
Corridor, knows the toolbox is hardly full. Ron Artest is Manny Ramirez in baggy
shorts. If they weren't so supremely talented, they'd be living under a bridge,
probably quite happily. Even after he had pocketed millions, Artest applied to
work at Circuit City, so he could get the discount. On a country-blues single he
released with a 78-year-old woman named Doris, Artest sings about his feelings
for his dead relatives and shares his feminine side. Doris, by the way, became
his music partner after baking him a cake when he moved next door. They've been
tight ever since.

Doris wasn't available to comment on her neighbor's most recent trip through
bizarro-world, but most likely she would have, like the rest of us, thought
little Ron-Ron could again use a timeout. That's essentially what the Pacers
gave him this week, after he requested a break - like, four weeks - so he might
recover from what has been a grueling opening week. Like most New Yorkers, maybe
he's still feeling post-election blues. Unlike most New Yorkers, he also wanted
freedom to invest energy into the upcoming rap album by Allure, the female trio
signed to his fledging label.

People who know Artest say there is more to this story, which has been the case
since he first learned to dribble a ball. Among other things, he is said to be
wounded by rumors the Pacers were looking to trade him, and with childlike
innocence, accepted but never really understood why the club benched him for two
games.

Jamison Brewer, a former Pacer, flashes a familiar smile when Artest's name is
mentioned. It's the smile Red Sox players wore when they talked about Manny.

'I don't think there's a player in this league who wouldn't want Ron on their
team," said Brewer. "Even Michael Jordan has said that. I don't know the word
for what would happen to the Garden if Ron Artest were a Knick. It would be like
the biggest, loudest pop. It would be so incredible."

lolson@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

PUSHING POLITICAL LIMITS

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 546 words


Hillsborough County Commissioner Kevin Beckner is about to learn that while Pat
Frank comes off as a kindly, soft-spoken, grandmotherly public servant of (ahem)
a certain age, if this were a knife fight you would put your money on the June
Cleaver of County Clerks.

Beckner will be term-limited out of office in 2016. As a politician being a
politician, the commissioner is casting about for another public office to seek.
And that brief journey resulted in Beckner filing the paperwork to become
Hillsborough Clerk of Courts. It pays well at $159,000 a year, and it comes
unfettered with annoying restrictions like term limits.

All in all, the mother of all paper-pushing jobs is not a bad gig.

So it's understandable why Beckner would covet the clerk's office. There is just
one itty-bitty problem. Frank sorta likes the job herself and late last week
announced plans to run for another term in the office she has occupied since
2004. This could get ugly, but be grand fun, too.

There is some ambiguity over what exactly Frank said or didn't say to Beckner
regarding her political plans when he broached with her the idea of running for
clerk. Beckner's alibi is that Frank encouraged him to run for her job.

Frank offered a different story, telling the Tampa Bay Times' William R.
Levesque she clearly conveyed to Beckner she wasn't ready to retire and intended
to seek another term.

Whatever transpired between the two, one might argue that simply as a matter of
good gentlemanly manners, Beckner ought to have waited until Frank had publicly
announced what she wanted to do before he filed campaign documents.

Given Frank's status as an icon of Hillsborough County, one of a handful of
women who were the early pioneers in taking on and beating the good ol' boy
network of rubes, goobers, charlatans and rogues who dominated the community's
political life, she deserves better than even a well-intentioned upstart
attempting to finagle her out of office.

After all, Frank who is (cough-cough) years old, was part of that early cadre of
women who were breaking glass ceilings when Hillary Clinton was still wearing a
poodle skirt. Helen Gordon Davis, Betty Castor, Fran Davin, Sandy Freedman and
others pushed and pulled and tugged Hillsborough County into the 20th century of
politics.

Frank first served on the Hillsborough County School Board before stints in both
the Florida House and Senate and eventually the Hillsborough County Commission.
This tells us two things. First, she has had a distinguished career in public
service. And second, she is nobody's patsy when it comes to her political
skills.

As the county's first openly gay elected official, Beckner has been a very
effective county commissioner and can claim his own historical marker.

Both Frank and Beckner are dogged campaigners. But in the end, Beckner will
still have to deal with the perception - rightly, or wrongly - that he is using
a Democratic Party primary to beat up an admired public servant who has earned
the right to determine for herself when she is ready to leave the political
arena.

At the moment, Beckner has not presented a case for why he should replace Frank
beyond the fact she has the job and he doesn't. That's not a campaign strategy.
It's merely hubris on the hustings.

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 31, 1991, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

PLAN B KEEPS GIANTS BUSY IN OFFSEASON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 511 words


New York Giants coach Bill Parcells was in the ''I'd like to thank'' portion of
his opening statement at Monday's post-Super Bowl press conference when he
started to talk about his veteran players.  He didn't single out the stars such
as Lawrence Taylor, but instead mostly acknowledged the contributions of the
role players. The players who blended in, and through their work habits and
experience, helped teach the younger Giants what it took to win a championship.
''We have a lot of key veterans who contributed significantly to the team, ''
Parcells said. ''I think for the O.J. Andersons, the Johnie Cookses, the Everson
Wallses, the Dave Duersons and the Larry McGrews this game is just a little more
special to them than anyone else.'' As he spoke, Parcells, who handpicked many
of those players, knew the Giants would be casting them into the Plan B free
agency market in four days.  Teams must submit their list of 37 protected
players to the league by Friday. Players who aren't protected have a two-month
window to negotiate with other teams before their original club can attempt to
re-sign them.  It will be a busy offseason for the Giants front office.  The
health of tight end Mark Bavaro is the chief concern. Bavaro may have offseason
surgery on his left knee and there are rumors Bavaro will retire if the
operation isn't successful.  Center Bart Oates, 32, is thinking about
retirement, though he has a year left on his contract. In the first two years of
Plan B, the Giants followed the same script. They were judicious in their
selection of players, signing four in 1989 and three in 1990, and generally
protected younger players with potential over veterans with more immediate
value.  At the majority of positions the decisions are clear-cut.  Despite his
Super Bowl MVP honors, Ottis Anderson will be left unprotected for the third
consecutive year. Joining Anderson on the unprotected list will be quarterback
Matt Cavanaugh, running back Lee Rouson, wide receiver Stacy Robinson, tight end
Bob Mrosko, guard Tom Rehder and linebackers Bobby Abrams, Cooks and McGrew.
The Giants are overstocked in two areas - defensive backfield (10 players) and
kicker (three). The players on the bubble in the de fensive backfield are
Duerson, Adrian White and Roger Brown.  Duerson, 30, was valuable in the sub
defenses and started two games at safety when Greg Jackson was injured, but
David Whitmore can be groomed to take those roles. White is coming off surgery
to repair the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. The risk the Giants
will take is another team needing help at safety won't gamble on the stability
of White's knee.  Parcells likes Brown and may try to finagle him onto the
roster.  Kicking is an interesting dilemma. The Giants have an untested but
promising rookie, Matt Stover, an injury-plagued veteran, Raul Allegre, and Matt
Bahr, who excelled in the playoffs, but turns 35 in July. Stover is the future
and the Giants wouldn't have stashed him on injured reserve all season if he
weren't in their plans.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by AP ... Bill Parcells knows that role players, acquired
through free agency, brought the Giants the title.

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

And Now, Murphy's Gun Law

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH, druth@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 574 words


BY DANIEL RUTH

druth@tampatrib.com

Of all the issues confronting the Florida Legislature, forcing private business
owners to allow employees to bring their guns to work has to fall somewhere
between designating the official state disease and a resolution creating Che
Guevara Day.

But that hasn't stopped state Rep. Dennis Baxley, R-Wholly Owned Subsidiary of
the National Rifle Association, and state Sen. Durrell Peaden, R-Cold Dead Yada
Yada Yada, from once more attempting to pass the Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang
Socialization of Private Business Act of 2007.

Last year, Baxley sponsored the workplace gun bill, which would deny private
business owners the right to prevent employees from keeping weapons in their
cars while on company grounds.

Baxley's insane spear-carrying for the NRA went nowhere. After all, private
business has every right to conduct its affairs as it sees fit. It's a simple
concept called private property rights. It's all the rage in places like
democracies - or at least it used to be.

Justifiable Concerns

According to groups such as the American Journal of Public Health, the Centers
for Disease Control and the Bureau of Labor Statistics, workplaces where guns
are permitted are five to seven times more likely to be the sites of violence.

As well, on average some 500 firearm homicides occur on the job each year,
causing an estimated $121 billion in costs inflicted on businesses.

This session, the NRA's answer to the Katzenjammer Kids of AK-47s, in an effort
to finagle a guns-in-the-workplace scam through the Legislature, amended the
proposal.

Now, in addition to firearms, employees on the job would be permitted to leave
in their cars anything that is legal to own at home. What would you call this
ditzy nonsense - Show and Tell in the Workplace?

And so, in theory, workers - in addition to their Uzis, TEC-9s, Glocks, sniper
rifles and muskets - could bring their bestiality videos, Aryan Nations
newsletters, warlock robes and their sex toy collection.

More Threatening

You'll not be shocked to learn that the Florida Chamber of Commerce, which is in
the business of - COMMERCE - regarded the Baxley-Peaden efforts to make the
workplace more threatening to employees and customers as the height of
bubbleheadedness.

Baxley and Peaden's Mortuary Assistance Act of 2007 also includes language
providing immunity from liability for employers in any civil action that arises
"from the theft of or threatened, accidental, or criminal use of a firearm,"
suggesting even the sponsors of this gibberish acknowledge the potential hazards
of their bill.

Companies have every right to forbid weapons on their private property. Why?
Well the dirty little truth is that there is no shortage of nutballs, whack-jobs
and plain old weirdos in the workplace, and now Baxley and Peaden want to make
it easier for them to start shooting people if someone accidentally happens to
eat their Cheetos from the break room refrigerator?!

So if gun owners want to drive around with their guns locked in their trunk
because it gives them some irrational sense of security they are protected from
fiends, evildoers and lurking brigands, well, have a nice time.

Just keep your paranoid armory off company property. We have other things to
worry about on the job - like that co-worker over there who sneezes as if he may
have the Ebola virus.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                January 6, 2006

Bush's crocodile tears over mining disaster

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 479 words


IN THE aftermath of the latest US mining disaster, we were treated to the
unedifying spectacle of George W Bush sitting at his cabinet table oozing
Christian compassionate conservatism from every pore as he assured the governor
of West Virginia how much he - Bush - "appreciated" the outpouring of national
grief and sympathy for the families of the victims which this tragic event has
evoked.

Unfortunately, given the context, Brother Bush, far from expressing genuine
Christian charity and sympathy, was merely exuding crocodile tears and the oil
of emetic hypocrisy. While he may have made all the correct noises about
conducting a review of safety in the US mining industry, his actions speak
louder than his words.

During his term as governor of Texas, one of his flagship policies, apart from
his muscularly Christian practice of capital punishment, was tort reform. He
managed to push through legislation which made it virtually impossible for
employees to sue their employers in the Texan courts in class actions. His
ambition to extend this throughout the entire nation and to the federal courts
was signed into law in February 2005.

It has been reported that the company which owns the mine where these men were
killed has an appalling record of health and safety violations. What chance do
the survivors and families of the deceased have of obtaining legal redress now
that Bush's Texan tort reforms have come into force nationwide?

This president has absolute contempt for the aspirations and the legal and
constitutional rights of ordinary hardworking Americans. And yet, by cynically
presenting himself as a regular Joe, he has conned regular folks into voting for
him as they think that this pampered scion of billionaire stock is one of their
own.

Many decent, ordinary Americans are devout in their Christian faith. By
presenting himself as a born-again Christian, Bush was able to finagle enough of
their votes to win a second term in the White House.

At the end of last year, it was reported that he claimed that God speaks to him,
issuing instructions on a regular basis. It would seem that the Almighty tells
him only what he wants to hear. It is obvious that he ignores Matthew XXIII, in
particular the strictures contained in the magnificently anaphoric verses
beginning: "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!"

It is in this chapter where we find: "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees,
hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear
beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all
uncleanness."

George W Bush, more so than any of his predecessors, has made a "whited
sepulchre" of the White House. Richard M Nixon, for all his faults, at least had
some understanding of foreign policy. The last such ethics-free presidency was
that of Warren Gamaliel Harding.

John W Elliott, 19 Gordon Avenue, Bishopton.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2006 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 22, 2013 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

'Enough!' Dems 'nuke' GOP on filibusters Majority vote on Prez pikcs
Republicans: You'll regret this

BYLINE: BY DAN FRIEDMAN DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 593 words


WASHINGTON - Fed up with GOP filibusters, Democrats on Thursday forced a
historic change in Senate rules to allow presidential nominees to be approved by
simple majority vote.

Dems, led by Majority Leader Harry Reid, pulled the trigger on the "nuclear
option," using an arcane procedure to eliminate filibusters on all nominations
except Supreme Court nominees. It was the first significant change in the
Senate's cherished filibuster rules since 1975.

Liberals and President Obama cheered the rules revolution as an overdue reaction
to what they call petulant Republican obstruction that has paralyzed the Senate.

"Enough is enough," Obama said Thursday.

"A deliberate and determined effort to obstruct everything just to refight the
results of an election is just not normal," he said. "And for the sake of future
generations we can't let it become normal."

Republicans and some Democrats said the move will destroy the minority clout
that makes the Senate "the world's greatest deliberative body" - a place where
action requires consensus.

In the past, the Senate has altered its rules only if 67 senators - more than
two-thirds of members - agree, a high bar that ensured changes have bipartisan
support.

The curb on filibusters enacted Thursday in a 52-to-48 vote abruptly ends the
longstanding power of senators to try to block nominations by forcing them to
win 60 votes. Instead, nominees to federal agencies and courts could now be
confirmed with 51 votes. Legislation can still be filibustered.

The move came after Republicans blocked four nominations of judges to the D.C.
Circuit Court of Appeals. The court has three vacancies, but Republicans think
the existing eight judges are underworked and accused Democrats of trying to
pack the court with Obama picks.

But in the bigger picture, the rules change was a reaction to what Democrats
call years of unprecedented Republican resistance to Obama's appointments.

"This isn't obstruction on substance, on qualifications," Obama said, reciting a
long list of GOP efforts to block his nominees. "It's just to gum up the works.
And this gridlock in Congress causes gridlock in much of our criminal and civil
justice systems."

Republicans called the filibuster finagle a bid to distract Americans from the
messed-up launch of Obamacare.

"Millions of Americans are hurting because of the law that Democrats forced upon
them, and what do they do about it, they cook up some fake fight, a fake fight
over judges that aren't even needed," said Senate Minority Leader Mitch
McConnell (R-Ky.)

Three Democrats, Sens. Carl Levin (D-Mich)., Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and Mark
Pryor (D-Ark.) and all Republicans opposed the shift.

"If the majority can say, despite what the rules say, we will rewrite the rules
when we want, at that point there are no rules," Levin said.

The change will make it vastly easier for Obama or future Presidents to win
confirmation of nominations and will reduce individual senators' power to hold
up nominations to extract concessions from the executive branch.

Republicans threatened to strike back if they recapture control of the Senate by
using the same tactic to end filibusters altogether.

"You may regret this a lot sooner than you think," McConnell told Democrats.

"Good. Let him do it," Reid said, arguing the country "did pretty damn well for
140 years" in which filibusters were not used.

Democrats rejected claims they injected new partisanship into the body.

"We much prefer the risk of up-or-down votes and majority rule to the risk of
continued obstruction," Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, with New York Sen. Chuck Schumer
(rear), uses chart to show surge in filibusters under President Obama. President
Obama: It's a return to normalcy. GOP's Mitch McConnell: It's distraction.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             November 14, 2001, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

County should take over TSA

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 395 words



Were it anything other than a government agency, the Tampa Sports Authority
would have been forced out of business long ago, a loser of millions of dollars
and maker of dumb mistakes. Hillsborough County should pull the plug. The
authority has lost its purpose, and keeping it only increases the power sports
teams have over local government.

The authority was not supposed to evolve this way. But over time, the agency,
which oversees Tampa's sports arenas, forgot its public watchdog role, and
morphed into a management arm of professional sports team owners. The authority
once served as a tax-dodge scheme by shielding publicly financed venues from
property taxes. But the Florida Supreme Court this year stripped that away.

Hillsborough now faces a dilemma: Whether to pay the authority's tax bills or
take ownership of its property, which would make the tax bill go away. The net
effect of either is that the county will pay, either by paying the bill directly
or by denying revenue to some agencies by taking the property off the tax roll.
The cleanest decision is to pay the bill; the principle is important and the
precedent worth keeping. Team owners should know that future contracts will
require them to pay taxes like everybody else.

The question is how to proceed from here. state Sen. Tom Lee of Brandon has
agreed to file a "shell bill" for the next legislative session that could tweak
the TSA. The goal should be to shift responsibility to direct county control. If
the city and county could cover their debts for the authority through
inter-governmental agreements, then the TSA could be shut down and its property
management function shifted to county government. The only ones hurt would be
the TSA board members who are used to using their position to finagle free food
and liquor at Buccaneers games.

As politically unpopular as a takeover might be, imagine the public backlash if
the county were to assume the sports authority's bills and still allow the TSA
to manage a mess it caused. Had the authority done a better job in contract
talks with the teams, the public would not be facing such a huge tax liability.
Putting the sports authority out of a job and shifting its responsibilities to
an elected board is the best selling point the commission has in convincing the
public the county is not throwing good money after bad.


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            April 26, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Aliens invade, geeks rejoice; Graphic novel creator heads to New York to promote
his first book at the comic convention - and mine it for material

BYLINE: AL KRATINA, FREELANCE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 1119  words


It feels good to have a purpose. Montreal-based filmmaker Jesse Heffring's goal
is to successfully market P-Brane, his first graphic novel. Mine is to find a
glow-in-the-dark Elvira action figure. And last weekend's third-annual New York
Comic Convention, a massive celebration of geek culture, offered hope that both
our dreams might become reality.

Heffring is in the final stages of completing P-Brane, an independent sci-fi
project with lofty apocalyptic themes and a green-skinned vigilante hero. The
210-page graphic novel combines his film background with traditional comic book
style: Heffring's team photographed live actors, digitally altered the resulting
images, and then created elaborate backgrounds and props. The result is sharp
and striking black and white panels, like an episode of The Outer Limits etched
into obsidian.

With P-Brane heading to presses in May, Heffring is eager to raise the book's
profile. So, at the last minute, he finagles a half-price booth at the Con and
hops an overnight bus to New York.

It's his first comic convention, and he's not sure what to expect. A decade ago,
a Con might have been perceived as a musty basement where pallid, mal-socialized
teenagers hiss at each other over collectible Green Lantern rings. But today,
comic-based films are a multimillion-dollar industry, to say nothing of the
faded Superman shirts crossing over from thrift shops to hipster fashion
boutiques. The imagined basements have expanded into conference halls like New
York's Jacob Javits Convention Centre, and the pasty-faced teens are revealed to
be fans of all ages, from wide-eyed grade-schoolers to grey- templed university
professors.

Heffring, with "no space to bring anything down and no budget," has devised an
innovative promotion to draw in as many of the convention attendees as possible.
Using a green screen, a digital camera, and the help of primary P-Brane artist
Angus Byers, he plans to photograph attendees and create a composite image of
New York devastated by an alien attack. And the crowning touch: It will be used
in the book.

Participants will be able to track their photo's progress on P-Brane's website
as their image becomes isolated, altered and ultimately placed into the panel.

"I don't really see this as marketing," says Heffring, who hopes to collect
about 200 photos over the weekend. "This is an opportunity for an amazing piece
in the book." Byers and Heffring arrive early to set up and are ready when the
Con opens. Within minutes, booths featuring retailers, publishers and creators
are besieged by the first wave of an estimated 64,000 attendees.

Companies promoting Japanese animé model kits rub shoulders with guys who sell
home-forged battle-axes. Free Archie comics and promotional Andromeda Strain
hand-sanitizer bottles litter the ground like detritus from a nerdy landfill.

If attendees are not wearing black Batman T-shirts, they're costumed, various
shades of Stormtrooper uniform composing a radiant spectrum of stunted
adolescence.

Comics, books, TV, film, music and anything marginalized by the stigma of
geekiness are celebrated unabashedly; solitary passions have become communal in
a collective celebration of equal parts hippie love-in and Borg hive mind.

But it's not all childhood nostalgia and geek chic, attests Heffring, as the
high ratio of females-dressed-as-Wonder-Woman to high-school-males raises the
temperature on the convention floor.

"I have a degree in English literature," he says, "(and) I would place some of
these works within the same sort of canon. They're just as good topically,
they're just as important, they're just as relevant." He's nervously awaiting
fans' reaction to P-Brane's style. As the comic is being released by newly
founded Graviton Publishing, a small company run by Heffring's father and
P-Brane writer Chris Ring, it will need to attract some attention to make an
impression.

"(It's) the first time we're out in the public with this," Heffring says, as I
depart on an Elvira hunt. "Are people going to like it? Are they interested?" I
return shortly, my Elvira quest yielding only disappointment and a
limited-edition clear resin Venom paperweight. I find Heffring somewhat
overwhelmed. He waves about 60 release forms at Byers: "We've only been here for
two hours." And the fans are reacting positively. "This is cool. How often do
you get to be in a comic book?" says New Yorker Daniel Coppeto after his photo
is taken. "It (sounds) like such a great idea." As Heffring recedes into the
background, coaching a young man pretending to flee in terror to exhibit "a
little bit more fear," Byers, a lifelong comic fan, basks in his surroundings.
"I pity the fool who doesn't like our comic," he says, as a large man dressed as
Mr. T walks by.

On the second day of the Con, I'm buzzing from a news conference featuring comic
pioneer Stan Lee. Heffring, on the other hand, is looking a little harried.
"It's crazy," he says. "We ran out of batteries, we ran out of release forms, we
ran out of (business) cards." But of course he's thrilled with the results.
"We've got people who've been blown in half, staring at their (severed) legs,"
he gushes.

New Yorker Darias Prince, at the convention for the first time with his
girlfriend, is equally happy. "I had my stomach melted out," he says proudly.

Chris Wengert, 13, shares in the excitement, promising to "give the book at
10-point rating just because I'm in it." When Day 3 arrives, Heffring sounds
like he's been gargling with wasps, his voice scratchy from endlessly repeating
his pitch. "It gets exhausting trying to do it, directing people and staying
animated," he croaks.

"We lost track of the numbered copies," Byers says. "Fingers crossed (we'll get)
400, once it's all said and done." The final count: 403. And as the convention
comes to a close, I share their sense of triumph, as my girlfriend has located
both the luminescent Elvira and a sought- after Animal Man toy.

But what pleases Heffring more than the volume of photos is the reaction of the
crowds. "The best thing (was) meeting everybody, talking to them," he says.
"Having them see the stuff that we're doing and appreciate it." The trip has
been so successful that he's considering attending San Diego's convention, the
largest comic Con in the world, where he hopes to take pictures for use in a
planned second volume of P-Brane.

Though exhausted, he finds inspiration in the enthusiasm of comic fans. "They
love this world, and they're very committed," he says, smiling as Byers takes a
photo with Darth Vader, "And that's awesome." Though clearly not quite as
awesome as a glow-in-the-dark Elvira.

alkratina@gmail.com

For more information about P-Brane, visit www.pbraneworld.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: AL KRATINA THE GAZETTE; Into composite images that will be used in
the book. Participants will also be able to track their photos' progression. ;
Colour Photo: P-Brane creator Jesse Heffring (right) and the graphic novel's
primary artist, Angus Byers, converted photos of attendees ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFILE; INTERVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    November 4, 1995 Saturday FINAL EDITION

JERSEY'S ASSEMBLY VOTERS SHOULD SEND DESOPO AND ALLEN TO TRENTON, REELECT
ROBERTS AND BACK ANOTHER GREENWALD.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 606 words


Democrats are a scarce commodity in the New Jersey Assembly, where Republican
Gov. Whitman's income tax cuts will likely keep her lopsided GOP majority
afloat, despite signs of a surge in local property taxes across the state.

So it would make sense for voters to send a few more Democrats to Trenton to
help such credible GOP critics as Fifth District Assemblyman Joseph Roberts (D.,
Camden County). One possibility is surprisingly savvy campaign newcomer Louis
Greenwald of Cherry Hill, who is running for the Assembly in Camden County's
Sixth District. He looks like an able inheritor to the community-based,
progressive politics of his late mother, Maria Greenwald, a former Cherry Hill
mayor and county freeholder.

Assemblyman Roberts, a worthy New Jersey Monthly magazine pick as one of the
state's 10 best legislators, argues taxpayers got a bad deal from Gov. Whitman's
tax-cut plan. He says she saved taxpayers an average of about $40 in income tax,
but cost-shifting to the local level increased property taxes an average of $175
(look out next year).

Though it makes sense to send Mr. Roberts some Democratic help in Trenton, that
suggestion doesn't apply to the Seventh District, where the two Democratic
candidates are running an extremely nasty campaign against two attractive
Republican newcomers.

Burlington County education pioneer Carmine DeSopo and former Philadelphia
television anchorwoman Diane Allen both deserve support for their goal of
persuading the Whitman team to place more stress on property tax relief.

Their campaign to represent 14 Burlington County towns and Pennsauken against
the candidacies of incumbent Assemblyman Steven Petrillo and Maple Shade Mayor
Joseph Dugan has been hotly contested and one of the state's most expensive.

But a hot contest is no excuse for some of the unfair ad tactics used by the
Petrillo-Dugan campaign.

True, Ms. Allen and Mr. DeSopo have lobbed some negative ads of their own, but
they've stuck more reliably to facts and issues.

In the case of Mr. DeSopo, the Democratic attacks have unfairly portrayed him as
an overpaid administrator who finagles public dollars and sends out disabled
kids to campaign for him. They have made none of those charges stick, though the
print headlines reporting those accusations have done sleazy double duty in
misleading TV spots.

Mr. Petrillo attacks Ms. Allen as an "out-of-touch" suburban estate owner (never
mind that he is a lawyer driving a Cadillac). He criticizes her as being against
the death penalty and for gay marriages. Ms. Allen says that, as a Quaker, she
cannot favor the death penalty, though she favors truth-in- sentencing laws to
keep criminals in jail. She is for abortion rights, and thinks politicians
should stay out of people's bedrooms.

Mr. Petrillo (who is a Democrat, remember) is strongly against abortion, adores
the death penalty and is the guy who pushed, unsuccessfully, the police-state
idea of checkpoints to stop motorists driving from Camden into Pennsauken.

Mr. DeSopo and Ms. Allen promise to be progressive voices inside the
conservative GOP caucus in Trenton. Mr. DeSopo, an educational innovator who
founded and still directs the Burlington County Special Services District,
rightly believes that policymakers in Trenton must look beyond jail time and the
death penalty (he does favor it) to work on crime prevention, because taxpayers
can't afford all the jails a weak prevention approach would require.

Voters ought to send CARMINE DESOPO and DIANE ALLEN to Trenton, ensure that
JOSEPH ROBERTS stays there, and give young LOUIS GREENWALD a chance.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 25, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Arduous search for thief furthers Ojibwe saga

BYLINE: Dorman T. Shindler Special to The Denver Post

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. F-12

LENGTH: 553 words


Louise Erdrich is truly the William Faulkner of the upper Midwest. Main
characters from one novel or story often pop up as "supporting characters" in
other tales, giving her oeuvre the feeling of one giant, literary tapestry. Her
stories and novels detailing the lives of the Ojibwe tribes ("Love Medicine,"
"The Beet Queen," "The Master Butcher's Singing Club") have won her some
well-earned acclaim and a growing audience. "The Antelope Wife" even won a World
Fantasy Award, an unusual honor for a mainstream novel, and last year's "The
Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse" was up for a National Book
Award.

"Four Souls," Erdrich's latest entry in the Ojibwe saga, takes up where 1988's
"Tracks" left off, following the fortunes of Fleur Pillager.

Fleur isn't anything like the usual, white-bread heroines of most novels.
Erdrich makes this clear in the first chapter when she describes Fleur's arduous
journey and her will to survive, writing, "She nailed tin grooves to the wheels
of her cart and kept going on that road, taking one step and then the next step,
and the next. She wore a makizinan to shreds, then stole a pair of boots off the
porch of a farmhouse, strangling a fat dog to do it. She skinned the dog, boiled
and ate it, leaving only the bones behind, sucked hollow."

An attractive woman who always attracts the wrong kind of man, Fleur is in
search of John Mauser, the man she believes stole some land from her (as well as
many other members of her tribe). Tracking Mauser to a rich tract of land, where
he lives with his wife, Placide, who is Fleur's opposite, she finagles her way
into the household by posing as a laundress, intending to have her revenge.

Once there, Fleur learns that Mauser suffers from an illness that results in a
"damming of the sperm." Wanting to enact her revenge on him while he is healthy,
Fleur takes up the task of curing Mauser. In the process, the dynamics of their
relationship changes; and Fleur beguiles Mauser, who divorces his wife to marry
the Indian beauty.

This main line of narrative is offset by a parallel narrative involving Nanapush
(an elderly Indian man first encountered in "Tracks") and his wife, Margaret.
Blithe at heart, Nanapush turns jealous when a childhood nemesis resurfaces with
an eye toward Margaret. The ongoing feud lends the book some comic relief. And
the relief is much-needed, given that poor Fleur cannot seem to find happiness
without it coming in the form of a cursed relationship that doesn't turn out
quite as she planned.

"Four Souls" is a solid addition to Erdrich's ongoing saga of the Ojibwe
Indians; but for those just discovering Erdrich, it stands on its own as an
excellent read. Like a combination of Alice Hoffman's magic-realism, the
modern-day western authenticity of Mark Spragg or Larry McMurtry, and the
complex characters and social structure of Faulkner, Erdrich's fictional world
is a true original: a pastiche of style and structure mixed with cultures and
experiences that remain unknown to most Americans, resulting in the creation of
stories and novels that are, well, truly novel.

Dorman T. Shindler, a freelancer from Missouri, is a regular contributor to
Publishers Weekly and Kansas City Magazine.

----------------------------------------

Four Souls

By Louise Erdrich

Harper Collins, 210 pages, $23.95

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Louise Erdrich's use of characters makes her work feel like a giant
tapestry.
PHOTO: Louise Erdrich's use of characters makes her work feel like a giant
tapestry.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      May 28, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

A pair of Shaw Festival gems; On The Twentieth Century and Widowers' Houses are
two shows that make a trip to Niagara-on-the-Lake mandatory

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

BYLINE: Gary Smith

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 1266 words


This time the Buzz is about the Shaw Festival. That's where the action has been
for the past couple of weeks. Spotted opening night in the audience for On The
Twentieth Century for instance was Canadian superstar Brent Carver. And at
Widowers' Houses, Soulpepper star Nancy Palk was hob-nobbing in the bar with
Shaw Blood Relation's star Jane Perry.

Ah, theatre.

There's nothing like a couple of big Festival-type openings to bring out the
glamorous people.

Below you'll find reviews of On The Twentieth Century and Widowers' Houses, two
highly recommended Shaw shows that make a trip to Niagara-on-the-Lake mandatory.

The Little Choo Choo That Could

Whatever you do, don't miss On The Twentieth Century. It's a great big, bold and
brassy Broadway musical that recalls the glory days of the New York stage before
Andrew Lloyd Webber and that saccharine Les Miz crowd asked us to take life so
seriously.

There are no crashing chandeliers, no barricades whirling into place, just the
honest to goodness roar of a big Broadway score supported by intelligent and
stringent lyrics from the wonderful Betty Comden and Adolph Green.

Set on the 20th Century Limited, a once starry, luxury train that wound its way
from Chicago to New York in 16 hours, this backstage love story is a delirious
romp. Peopled with lowlife Broadway types, 8-by-10 Hollywood glossies and
religious nutcases exhorting us to repent from our dirty little doings, it is a
fun-filled, eye-popping ride.

It's exquisitely old-fashioned in the way it fuses playful elements of song and
dance with outrageous high-flown comedy. It reminds you of the way musicals used
to behave before they had to sing their guts out in a mock celebration of opera.

Sam Jaffe, a down-on-his-luck Broadway producer, attempts to seduce former flame
Lily Garland into forsaking films for a Broadway role as Mary Magdalene in a new
stage musical. If he can get her to sign on the dotted line, success is assured.

Hearing she's ensconced in Drawing Room B of the 20th Century Ltd., Jaffee
finagles his way into the adjoining compartment.

Garland's current lover, the elegantly sexy Bruce Granit stands manfully in
Jaffe's way. So do the bungling antics of his Broadway buddies O'Malley and Webb
who try to get the Lily-Oscar romance back on track.

Add to this percolating brew the madcap antics of confirmed religious nutter
Letitia Primrose and her Repent Repent Repent campaign and you have the
ingredients for a pretty wild ride.

Now, On The Twentieth Century isn't one of the greatest Broadway musicals
written. It is after all one of those comic creations that depends heavily on a
stellar cast to keep it riding the rails. But the thing is, it has such witty
Comden and Green lyrics, not to mention all those wonderful Cy Coleman songs
that suggest everything theatrical from the operettas of Rudolf Friml and Victor
Herbert to the jazz inspired riffs of Duke Ellington.

At times you can almost hear those relentless sweethearts Nelson Eddy and
Jeanette MacDonald soaring in mock passion, particularly in the exotic love duet
Our Private World.

Then there is an echo of the Nicholas Brothers, those fabulous Thirties tap
dancers, in the quartet of singing and dancing red caps who insist on telling us
Life Is Like A Train.

It's all pretty hilarious stuff. And in the hands of a crack Shaw cast and
production team On The Twentieth Century clickety-clacks its way along nicely.

Patty Jamieson is suitably acerbic as leather-lunged Lily with her gold-plated
credit card for a heart. And Gary Krawford, a bone fide Broadway leading man,
has all the panache of a Barrymore crossed with the larcenous heart of some
latter day Groucho Marx. He makes Oscar Jaffee such a likeable heel you long for
him to get together with the vain and glorious Lily in a match made somewhere
between heaven and hell.

And speaking of vain, Evan Buliung is sensational as lock-jawed Bruce Granit.
When he isn't exercising his considerable libido, he's looking tall and handsome
and flashing that megawatt smile. Buliung makes Granit a hunk with some spunk
tackling the comic elements of this character with both humour and charm.

Brigitte Robinson is the one serious soft spot in this terrific Shaw cast. She
hasn't anything like the manic drive and infectious energy that made Imogene
Cocoa a standout in this role on Broadway.

Musical director Paul Sportelli has coaxed some terrific sounds from his small
orchestra somehow suggesting something approaching a big brassy Broadway sound.
And Yvonne Sauriol has mostly solved the difficulties of the smallish Royal
George stage to create a visually pleasing if minimalist production.

On The Twentieth Century is a terrific reminder of just how wonderful Broadway
used to be when it didn't try substituting social relevance and crass
commercialism for entertainment. I can't wait to see it again.

A Shaw Miracle

Widowers' Houses isn't the first play you think of when somebody says George
Bernard Shaw. That's probably because it was his first effort and as Shaw plays
go, it tends not to be produced all that much.

All the more reason then to rejoice over director Joseph Ziegler's rousing and
intelligent new production of the play.

Without resorting to the remotest of theatrical tricks, Ziegler gives us a
straightforward, fast-paced production that connects powerfully with Shaw's
brilliant expose of mendacity in Britain.

Harry Trench travelling with his friend William Cokane meets and falls in love
with the daughter of a self-made man of property. All goes well until our young
idealist discovers his prospective father-in-law's money is amassed on the backs
of the poor.

What to do? Marry the girl and attempt to reform the old blighter? Walk away
from the miserly family and remain lovesick the rest of his life?

Before Widowers' Houses is played out, Shaw explores a series of troubling
arguments that reveal we are all a tad culpable for the inevitability of
poverty.

In spite of the fact Shaw's play was first published in 1898, its didactic
vision of moral responsibility and the distribution of wealth in Britain is as
relevant today as it was over 100 years ago.

It roots out snobbery and malicious behaviour in the best of Victoria
livingrooms. The thing is who'd have thought it would be such an enjoyable ride.
What could be a didactic slump into moral melodrama is elevated here to
sparkling entertainment.

The cast is terrific. Dylan Trowbridge is suitably befuddled as handsome young
Harry Trench, bewildered by life. And Patrick Galligan as his chameleon-like
friend Cokane is spot on in his Machiavellian suaveness.

Jim Mezon gives one of the best performances of his career as Sartorius, the
slum landlord and prospective father-in-law, shrewdly polished and grasping in
his greed. And Peter Millard is suitably sniveling as Lickcheese, the cynical
rent collector who winds up in the upper echelon of money managers.

If Lisa Norton is a tad brittle as Blanche, Henry's love interest, it is perhaps
suitable for a character who is a dark-hearted image of beauty made ugly by
meanness of spirit.

Widowers' Houses with its simple but elegant set and costume designs by
Christina Poddubiuk, and evocative lighting from Alan Brodie is the surprise hit
of the Shaw season.

It will probably be a long time before we see another production of this
problematic play that resonates with anything like the resounding cadences
Joseph Ziegler has orchestrated here.

For tickets to these and other Shaw shows call 1-800-555-SHAW.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Photos by Andree Lanthier; On The Twentieth Century cast
includes, from left, Patrick R. Brown, William Vickers, Brigitte Robinson, Gary
Krawford.; Photo: Dylan Trowbridge and Lisa Norton in scene from Widowers'
Houses.

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2003 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 8, 2006 Sunday

IF YOU GO

SECTION: TR; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 544 words

Getting there

Non-stop flights to Guadalajara are available from San Jose, San Francisco and
Oakland airports on code-share partners American and Mexicana. Advance-purchase
fares start at around $630 for travel this month. Another option: You can get to
Tequila from Puerto Vallarta, although it's a longer drive to Tequila. But
non-stops are available from San Francisco on United and Alaska. The lowest fare
we found was $677 on United.

Where to stay

The best thing about the Hotel Plaza Jardín in Tequila is that it's centrally
located in the town square, just a block from the José Cuervo factory tour. The
next best thing: It's cheap, just 220 pesos a night, about $20 for one person.
The rooms are basic but clean, and the neighborhood is quiet despite its
location. Details: Located at 13 José Cuervo, www.hotelplazajardin.com.

If you spend time in Guadalajara, there's the Hotel Morales, a former
19th-century rooming house that underwent a recent renovation. It's in the
Centro Histórico district, just a few blocks from the cathedral, museum,
governor's office and shopping. I paid 950 pesos a night, including taxes, about
$87. Details: 243 Avenue Corona, www.hotelmorales.com.mx.

Where to eat

Street vendors are always out at night in Tequila, but you can sample tasty
Mexican cuisine at a good price in restaurants. Cholula, at 55 Ramón Corona,
across the street from the Cuervo factory, and Real Marinero, 92 Benito Juárez,
one block off the zócalo, both serve popular Mexican dishes, including tacos,
carne asada and ceviche. My favorite breakfast stop was Los Agaves, 13 José
Cuervo, off the Hotel Plaza Jardín lobby, where eggs, bacon, ham and chilaquiles
are made.

What to see

In Tequila, recommended stops are the Museo Nacional de Tequila, 34 Ramón
Corona, and the Sauza Museum, on the zócaloat 22 Albino Rojas. You can visit
both places for about $2. The museum is a collection of photos, artwork, tools
and tequila bottles as art. The Sauza Museum has several rooms of photos, art
and mementos and is still operated by a family member, although the distillery
was sold in 1988.

Mundo Cuervo, 75 José Cuervo, is a must-see simply because of the size of the
Cuervo tequila operation. But if you can finagle a visit to Los Abuelos, a short
walk from downtown, it's worth a visit. The brand was started in 1999 by
Guillermo Erickson Sauza, a fifth-generation Sauza, who uses traditional
tequila-making methods in his small distillery, named La Fortaleza. Contact them
at abuelo@losabuelos.com and ask about a visit.

Buying tequila

See a bottle you'd like to buy? If you're returning to California, you can bring
back up to 60 liters, provided they're for personal use only and you're coming
home by commercial plane -- but you'll have to pay a duty and an Internal
Revenue Service tax after the first bottle. If you're driving across the border,
you're allowed one liter per person.

State laws vary regarding limitations. For details, check the U.S. Customs and
Border Protection Web site, www.cbp.gov, and click on ``Travel,'' then ``Know
Before You Go,'' then ``Determining Duty.''

Remember, because of new airline carry-on restrictions, your purchases will have
to go in your checked baggage. So pack well or be prepared to have your clothes
doused in tequila.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 29, 2009 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

NOTEBOOK

BYLINE: Kevin Lyttle AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 561 words


We're still on track for Texas vs. SEC title game

If only everything in life was as predictable as this college football season at
the top of the polls. Twelve weeks down and one to go, and the national
championship matchup remains the way it looked in early September: Texas vs. SEC
champion (Florida or Alabama).

The holiday weekend results did guarantee the SEC's place in the Jan. 7 game at
the Rose Bowl. Florida (12-0) and Alabama (12-0) collide once again next
Saturday in the SEC title game at Atlanta, with the winner becoming the top seed
in the national title game.

The biggest news of the weekend may have been the hip pointer suffered by
Crimson Tide star tailback Mark Ingram in the narrow escape against Auburn. If
he is severely limited, advantage Gators.

Texas will fill the other BCS title-game slot, provided it beats Nebraska in the
Big 12 finale. The Longhorns look like a three-touchdown favorite against the
offensively challenged Huskers.

TCU locks up BCS bid,

but probably no more

TCU polished off a perfect regular season with a 51-10 blowout of horrible New
Mexico. Ranked No. 4, the Horned Frogs will automatically land their first BCS
bowl berth. The Sugar and Fiesta bowls are the best bets, with the Orange an
outside possibility.

With seven straight blowouts and three wins over Top 25 teams, the Frogs appear
as strong as the Big Three. But since 'TCU' is written across their jerseys and
not 'Texas' or 'Florida,' they are down to one last prayer: Root for Nebraska.

Even if the Huskers shock Texas, BCS guru Jerry Palm says unbeaten Cincinnati
could jump TCU for No. 2 in the final rankings if the Bearcats beat Pitt
Saturday.

Big 12 loses 2nd BCS bid

Way to go, Oklahoma State. The Cowboys only needed to beat a 6-5 Oklahoma team
to likely secure their first BCS bowl invitation (to the Fiesta).

Instead, they laid an egg. Shut out 27-0. Embarrassing. Mike Gundy may be a man,
but a child could have done a better coaching job. OSU probably will finagle its
way into the Cotton Bowl. And Texas will be the only Big 12 team in the BCS -
barring an improbable loss to Nebraska.

Bronco-bustin'

Boise State is the beneficiary of Oklahoma State's crash-and-burn. The unbeaten
Broncos figure to slip into a BCS bowl game, probably the Fiesta. If that
happens, it'll be the first time two teams from non-BCS conferences are invited
to the big party, since TCU's a lock. Could be the best thing that's happened to
the BCS, as well, because it might quiet the politicians.

Heisman field whittled

The Heisman Trophy, like the national title game, could be a Texas vs. Florida
showdown. Colt McCoy and Tim Tebow came out of the weekend looking best. Toby
Gerhart of Stanford should be third.

Mangino's last stand

Mark Mangino probably coached his final game at Kansas. It was a great show, the
Jayhawks falling 41-39 to Missouri in the Border War on a field goal at the
buzzer. After starting the season 5-0, Kansas finished 0-7. Together with the
other baggage, hard to see the big guy surviving.

Small college playoffs

One Texas team advanced; the other was eliminated. Southland Conference co-champ
Stephen F. Austin won a 44-33 shootout against Eastern Washington. The
Lumberjacks (10-2) will play at top seed Montana (12-0) next. But Mary
Hardin-Baylor lost 53-21 to Linfield in the second round of the NCAA Division
III playoffs.

- Compiled by Kevin Lyttle

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Crash course for health czar hopeful?

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 831 words


With Cheryl Bartlett, Massachusetts' commissioner of public health, resigning,
let's assume Gov. Deval Patrick is holding interviews for the job,and let's
assume that, in a state known for officials who keep popping up in jobs they may
or may not be qualified for, some of those interested in the job may be familiar
to us. Following is a fictitious interview for the job. It couldn't really
happen in Massachusetts. Right?

Governor: Hello and thank you for applying for this position. Together we can --
make the Commonwealth of Massachusetts the healthiest state in the country.

Interviewee: I always loved that motto, Mr. Governor. Together we can. Always
loved it.

Governor: Yes, well, before we start, tell me why you're sweating. There's no
reason to be nervous.

Interviewee: No, sir, I'm not nervous ... well, maybe just a little. I was
running late and I had to drive really fast to get here -- must've been doing
100, though I'll deny it all day long. Then, I got here just in time, but I had
to sit in the waiting room for quite a while before you'd see me. But it's all
good, sir, all good.

Governor: OK, I thank you for coming in.

Interviewiee: I love what you've done with the office. Very luxurious.

Governor: Please don't use that word in front of the press -- they'll crucify me
again. That darn Herald! But thank you, yes, it is nice, isn't it? I would have
done more, but $11 million in taxpayer money was all I could finagle.
(Chuckles). But enough about me and my office. Tell me why you're interested in
this job. It's my understanding you have a pretty cushy one now.

Interviewee: Yes, my job is pretty cushy. But to be honest, I miss state
government. And I've always wanted to have a title with "czar" in it. I mean,
"health czar" -- how cool does that sound?

Governor: Actually, the title is Commissioner of Public Health. "Health czar" is
just a title the media likes to use.

Interviewee: Yes, I'm familiar with the media, as you know.

Governor: Hmm, well anyway, I know you've been involved in state government
before ...

Interviewee: Yes, sir. You should know all about my background, but I get that
you're just trying to do things by the book here.

Governor: Exactly. So tell me about your background in health care.

Interviewee: Yeah, about that ... I don't have any. But this is Massachusetts --
I mean, how many people working in state government actually have experience
before they're hired? Anyway, I do have very extensive experience in the
workings of state and municipal government, as well as in the fields of math,
engineering, technology and science -- I believe they refer to that as METS, Mr.
Governor.

Governor: Actually, it's the other way around. It's STEM. (Sighs) OK, well, have
you ever worked in the health-care industry? ... No? ... Have you held a
position of authority in any type of industry that had any tangential connection
to a health-care facility? ... No? ... (Sighs again) You've been in a hospital
before, right?

Interviewee: Yes, sir, I have. I was admitted to a hospital not too long ago.
Remember? It was after my (winks at governor and mimics quotation marks with his
fingers) "accident" a few years ago? But I received a clean bill of health.
(Laughs heartily)

Governor: Yes, I do remember. Unfortunately.

Interviewee: Ha ha. Good times. Good times.

Governor: Yes, well, thanks for coming in ...

Interviewee: Listen, Mr. Governor, I know I don't have any health-care
experience. But I can do this job. I mean, how hard could it be, right?

Governor: Well, actually, it can be a very difficult job. For instance, the
successful candidate will have to deal with the issuance of licenses for
facilities that dispense medical marijuana.

Interviewee: Piece of cake.

Governor: Yes, well, the successful candidate would also be charged with helping
to formulate the Commonwealth's response to any type of Ebola crisis the
Commonwealth may face -- not that the Commonwealth will ever face such a crisis
because such a crisis does not and will not ever exist in the United States. I
mean if I had Ebola right now, you would have no chance of contracting it just
because you're sitting a couple feet from me. I know this because the CDC and
the president said so.

Interviewee: Hmm, Ebola, huh? Yeah, I guess I could handle that. Where's my
spacesuit?

Governor: Well, now, just one minute. There are other candidates to be
interviewed and, frankly, they all have much more experience in health care than
you. So anyway, how is the job as head of the Worcester Chamber of Commerce
going?

Interviewee: Just fine, Deval ... (Governor raises an eyebrow) ... um, I mean,
Mr. Governor. Like I said, though, I just miss state government.

Governor: Well, Tim, I'm sure you'll hear something from my office soon. (Yells
to his secretary) Could you see Mr. Murray out?

Interviewee: Um, I know how to get out of this building, sir.

Governor: Yes, you certainly do, don't you?

Dan Phelps' email address is dphelps@lowellsuncom. Follow him on Facebook and
Twitter @PhelpsSun.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Inside Bay Area

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday

Coachella Valley Festival mixes it up in Southern California

BYLINE: By Jim Harrington, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BAY AREA LIVING

LENGTH: 1024 words


IT'S HARD to name a stranger one-two punch in the music business than Kanye West
and Sigur Ros.

KISS and Yo-Yo Ma? George Jones and Nine Inch Nails? Well, maybe. But you'll
never see those acts share the same stage the same evening. Unless, of course,
Coachella organizers book it.

The eclectic booking approach is the greatest thing about the Coachella Valley
Music and Arts Festival. It's what makes Coachella the most important annual
rock festival in the United States, far above other, more one-dimensional large
gatherings such as Bonnaroo.

The seventh annual two-day fest, which drew about 120,000 ticket holders to the
desert town of Indio last weekend, was another diversely entertaining affair.
The event featured big-name hip-hop acts (West and the Digable Planets, playing
in San Francisco Wednesday and today), popular hard rockers (Tool), young buzz
bands (Wolfmother, the Editors), huge pop stars (Madonna, James Blunt) and
indie-rock darlings (the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Sleater-Kinney).

Such variety would mean less than zero if the mix didn't gel. Yet, Coachella's
vibe, reminiscent of the old Lollapalooza tours, is very welcoming and
encompassing. It doesn't hurt that the event is incredibly well-organized and
that the fans, in general, are surprisingly well-behaved.

The result is that all of these musical styles achieve true synergy in this
shared setting -- even a back-to-back booking of West's killer hip-hop and Sigur
Ros' bizarre Icelandic indie-rock.

With more 80 acts performing on five stages, there's simply no way to catch
everything worth hearing and seeing during Coachella. Here's what this critic
did catch during his stay in Indio.

Day one

It's appropriate that the first performer I caught at Coachella was the East
Bay's own Lyrics Born. The Oakland rapper, best known for the catchy single
"Callin' Out," delivered a crowd-pleasing set that drew heavily from his debut
disc, 2003's "Later That Day."

The "Yay Area" hip-hop scene, as you've all probably read, is currently ruled by
East Bay rapper E-40 and his hyphy cohorts. But LB is every bit as talented and
as interesting as E. His lyrics are sensational, coming across like a mix of the
Streets and Jay-Z, and he possesses one of the best flows in the business.

LB's greatness was further underscored when I headed over to catch Common, a
rapper whose flow is as deep as a dry creek bed. Common's set was pretty much a
waste of my time, but it did allow me to finagle a good spot to watch Kanye
West, who followed.

Incomparable West further established himself as the current king of hip-hop
with a drama-rich showing that mixed great tunes from the rapper's two
blockbuster discs, 2004's landmark "The College Dropout" and 2005's "Late
Registration."

Backed by a dynamic classical-style string section and clad in a Miles Davis
T-shirt, West hit the crowd with powerful renditions of "Slow Jamz," "Gold
Digger" and "Jesus Walks."

Sigur Ros was an odd choice to follow West, but it worked. What's really
impressive about this Icelandic troupe is that it really doesn't sound like any
other band. There's a little bit of Radiohead and some Pink Floyd in the mix --
but largely, the dreamy, intoxicating sound is all its own.

I also got a chance to see the heavily hyped Cat Power, who followed her
Coachella appearance with two shows (last night and tonight) at the Palace of
Fine Arts in San Francisco. She seemed a little out of it and not quite in sync
with the other musicians on stage. Still, Cat Power's voice was fine, a mix of
Fiona Apple and Carly Simon, and her Memphis-R&B-meets-indie-rock sound was
intriguing.

The evening climaxed with another fine outing by Depeche Mode, the legendary
synth-pop act who prepped for Coachella at Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain
View last week.

Day two

In general, the performances Sunday -- at least the ones I caught -- didn't
quite live up to what was seen and heard the previous day. It was, however, the
more heavily hyped of the two days, given that it featured both Tool and
Madonna.

While waiting for those two megastars, I filled the day with Ted Leo and the
Pharmacists, Matisyahu, Sleater-Kinney and a brief bit of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
That's not a bad way to kill time -- I'd pay to see that lineup at Shoreline.

Folks have been telling me for ages that I needed to see Ted Leo and the
Pharmacists, and they were right. The group delivered a highly likable set that
combined a wealth of rock styles, from punk and college to garage and pop.

Matisyahu drew plenty of attention from curious concert-goers. The artist is a
Hasidic Jew who rhymes about Judaism over dancehall grooves. That's only part of
what differentiates him from the competition. He's also got mad skills on the
mic, which include beatboxing, and he shapes his tunes in interesting ways,
often with a touch of hard-rock guitar.

The highlight of the day, at least in this critic's book, looked to be
Sleater-Kinney. The riot grrl-influenced punk trio is one of the finest live
acts around, arguably the best that Coachella had to offer this year.
Unfortunately, it wasn't one of the Northwestern threesome's finer outings,
owing in large part to an iffy set list.

I caught a brief glimpse of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and would have liked to see more
before heading with the rest of the crowd to one of the DJ tents to watch
Madonna. The Material Girl wasn't spinning records, but she might as well have
been.

The tent was jammed and most fans couldn't see Madonna as she kicked out recent
club tunes from her catalog. She did sound pretty strong, which got me excited
for her shows May 30 and 31 at the HP Pavilion in San Jose.

The evening closed with the avant-garde hard rock of Tool. The band just
released its highly anticipated new CD, "10,000 Days," and will support that
album with a show tonight at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland.

At one point during the darkly appealing set, I shook my head in amazement that
someone actually booked Madonna and Tool on the same bill. I mean, that's almost
as strange a combination as Kanye West and Sigur Ros.

And that's the beauty of Coachella.

Write music critic Jim Harrington at jharrington@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cary News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday

Local beach duos place nationally

BYLINE: J. Mike Blake, The Cary News, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 482 words


Aug. 03--Morrisville is where hundreds of high school-aged girls go to play and
train with the Triangle Volleyball Club. But the area hardly a place to train if
the conditions you're preparing for include sand at your feet and wind in your
hair.

Yet for three Triangle Volleyball Club members and a fourth non-member, they
recently found themselves competing at the top of the youth beach volleyball
circuit.

At the USA Junior Beach Volleyball Tour Championships on July 23, Green Hope
senior Christina Vucich and Apex senior Megan Gravley finished third in the
under-18 girls division. Apex resident Moriah Tavana paired with Mia Fradenburg
to take second in the under-12 girls division.

In the age bracket Gravley and Vucich, many participants had already committed
to play in college on scholarship. So have Gravley (Elon) and Vucich (Duke), but
players from other parts of the country had far more experience playing in
hotspots like North Avenue Beach in Chicago.

"It was really great to see what kind of national competition there was because
beach volleyball isn't that well known here in North Carolina," Vucich said. In
beach volleyball, four fewer players have to cover a slightly smaller court than
the game played indoors.

Size doesn't matter as much because players can't get the same lift off the
ground, and blocks are often too risky to attempt.

"It's a lot harder to jump, because with the sand, you sink," Gravley said. "You
have to be more strategic in beach volleyball."

Gravley and Vucich had only played in three previous beach volleyball
tournaments, including the regional qualifier that the duo won. Once competition
started in Chicago, the two were trying to do research on each opponent.

"We tried to finagle a lot of the information out of parents," Gravley said.
"You could tell the team from California would play different than a team from
Texas."

The duo's high finish surprised them. They had gone in with a carefree,
happy-go-lucky approach.

"We had the goal of winning," Vucich said. "But we didn't realistically think we
were going to do it that well since we were going in with more of a fun mindset
and some teams were really competitive."

The two did say they may have to consider a future in beach volleyball. Not only
is it an Olympic sport, but it can be played professionally with players
receiving corportate sponsorships.

"Before this tournament I probably wouldn't have thought about it, but during
the tournament I realized how much fun it was," Vucich said. "I would definitely
play after college."

mike.blake@nando.com or 919-460-2606

To see more of the Cary News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.carynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Cary News, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110803-CW-Local-beach-duos-place-nationally-0803-20110803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 The Cary News (North Carolina)


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                      June 02, 2005 Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

'Discovery' day includes strawberry shortcake;
 Willard House Museum hosts Early American fair

BYLINE: Barbara M. Houle; FOOD EDITOR

SECTION: TIME OUT; TABLE HOPPIN'; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 648 words


Juicy, red-ripe strawberries and clouds of whipped cream, nestled between layers
of buttermilk biscuits are on the menu at the Early American Trades Fair from 1
to 4 p.m. Sunday at the Willard House and Clock Museum, 11 Willard St., North
Grafton.

The event is described as "an afternoon of discovery and hands-on activities."
Costumed interpreters will demonstrate early American trades, including weaving,
pottery making, Grafton honey and herbal soaps. Period lawn games and hands-on
activities for children also will be available.

Foodies might have more of an interest in the clam and corn chowder, strawberry
shortcake, sun teas with fresh mint and homemade lemonade that caterer Leah
Surprenant of Oxford will prepare. Surprenant owns Loaves and Fishes, which
caters to diners at Tufts Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine in Grafton as
well as private parties.

Surprenant did take-out meals at the former George's Fruit & Produce in
Worcester, and worked as a private chef for the late Alice Higgins of Worcester,
wife of the late Milton P. Higgins II, a local industrialist. Her culinary
training was at Johnson & Wales University in Providence.

The Grafton Cultural Council and Savers Bank are sponsors of the event which is
free to the public.

Tastiest of fairs so far this season, we say.

Talk wine with Kathy Benziger, central region sales manager for Benziger Winery,
from 4 to 7 p.m. today at Yankee Spirits in Sturbridge. There will be a tasting
of Benziger wines, plus a discount on wines purchased. Free to the public.

Benziger estate winery is located in Sonoma Valley, Calif.

Starbucks Coffee Co. opens a new store tomorrow in Leominster at 14 Commercial
Road.

No way is this just another Starbucks. This store has drive-through service.

Could there be one in our future here in Worcester? Please, oh, please.

Hours in Leominster will be 5 a.m. to 9 p.m. Mondays and Thursdays; 5 a.m. to 10
p.m. Fridays and Saturdays; 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sundays.

Store manager is Nicholas Cochran, who previously worked as a general at a
Finagle A Bagel store in the Boston area.

The grand opening of the store will be from 6 to 8 p.m. June 16 at which time
there will be a coffee and pastry sampling for people in the community. The
ceremonial first pour will be by Leominster Mayor Dean Mazzarella.

Starbuck stores throughout the country help community groups and charities
through sponsorships and donations. Stores also donate day-old pastries and
coffee. The Leominster store, which is partnering with the Boy's and Girl's
Club, will send day-old pastries to Battered Women's Resources and the
Leominster Senior Citizen Center.

A "Summer Beer & Wine Fest" is set from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. June 15 at Friendly
Discount Liquors, 1167 Providence Road, Whitinsville. The in-store walk around
and tasting of beer, wine and spirits is open to the public. Reservations should
be made. Call (508) 234-7951. Friendly Discount Liquors, 1167 Providence Road,
Whitinsville.

The Oliver Wight Tavern at the entrance to Old Sturbridge Village has added a
children's menu, "Wight's Tikes," for children aged 12 and under.

The entrees, chicken tenders and fries, hot dog and fries, penne pasta with red
sauce and a cheese pizza, each cost $4.95. The price includes a beverage and
dessert.

More mid-priced entrees and daily specials for the big kids. Go to www.osv.org
for more info.

Lily's Restaurant, 144 Main St., Worcester, will close Saturday. The Vietnamese
restaurant opened last year.

A family member at Lily's said the owners will not relocate. The building which
houses the restaurant is being sold, he said.

The restaurant was reviewed last week in Worcester Magazine. The headline, "A
flower grows downtown."

Every restaurant reviewer's nightmare, we say.

If you have a tidbit for this column, call (508) 793-9145. Send e-mail to
bhoule@telegram.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; ELLEN HARASIMOWICZ; Leah Surprenant's strawberry shortcake will
be a highlight ofthe Early American Trades Fair from 1 to 4 p.m. Sunday.

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              June 30, 2006 Friday

Speed Racer

BYLINE: By Chris Forsberg

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 702 words


PRINCETON -- Preparing for a practice run Wednesday, Brian Sheedy watched his
bike slide from the Priority Health Cycling team van and smash into the pavement
below shattering his left hand brake and malfunctioning his gears.

Anyone else with a history in Fitchburg like Sheedy would have called it a year
and headed for home. Instead, the Grand Rapids, Mich. native returned here
Thursday and took first place in the Men's Pro/1 Best Western Royal Plaza Time
Trial with a blistering time of 13 minutes, 47.54 seconds.

The mark was only one of four times to dip below the 14-minute barrier, leaving
Sheedy with a sizable advantage over much of the field. But to Sheedy it doesn't
matter if he finishes dead last in the general classification Sunday; he just
wants to finish.

"This is the first time I've been completely healthy since I injured myself here
back in 2002," said Sheedy. "This is a redemption ride."

Three years ago, Sheedy endured a near 30-rider crash during the circuit race
which broke his scapula and clavicle and required 4 1/2 hours of surgery, 28
screws, three steel plates and $15,000 to repair.

After wondering if his cycling career was over, Sheedy made a remarkable
comeback and returned to Fitchburg the following year only to endure another
gruesome wreck during the road race. Glancing at the summit behind him Thursday
from the Wachusett Mountain base lodge, Sheedy said that "most of my skin and
blood is still out there on the mountain."

If that wasn't enough, he was diagnosed with the Epstein-Barr virus -- a
condition resulting in chronic mononucleosis -- shortly thereafter. Doctors at
the Institute of New Medicine in Seattle worked with him, but it took over a
year for Sheedy to feel healthy again. Through it all, he resolved to battle
through.

So a little bike mishap on the day before the 47th annual Fitchburg-Longsjo
Classic wasn't going to detour Sheedy.

"I knew as long as I was healthy I was going to do this," he said. "I didn't
come here for results, I came to finish this race. I came to take on those
demons."

He'll also take on the orange leader's jersey after a ride as wild as the
three-year journey that brought him here. Sheedy encountered car traffic in the
early part of the race and couldn't finagle his way past the vehicles on Route
31 despite efforts to pass on the right ("I know you're not supposed to pass
cars on the right," he said, "but I wanted to ride hard.")

And so as he came blazing into the Wachusett Mountain parking lot, race
officials did a double-take as his time of 13:47.54 appeared on the clock. The
time was more than 23 seconds faster than the top racer to that point (Zak
Grabowski at 14:10.62).

It would hold up as the other half of the men's pro riders took to the street.
Kenda/Raleigh Racing's Joseph Moody finished second at 13:49.54, while
Toyota-United's Heath Blackgrove placed third at 13:52.31.

Defending champion Jonathan Page of Colavita Olive Oil finished 32nd at
14:42.04, while teammates Todd Herriott (14:09.75) and Grabowski swiped spots
six and seven, respectively.

"I'm still a threat," said Page, noting he finished 15th last year, 34 seconds
off the pace. "If we plan it correctly, we'll have another chance at cracking
the top of that podium... We have a strong team that will use every tactical
advantage possible."

Colavita team director Frank McCormack, a two-time Longsjo champion who is back
racing this year, finished 30th at 14:40.89. In the early stages of the time
trial, his mark was second best on the day.

Asked when the last time he competed in a time trial, McCormack laughed. Was it
days? Weeks? Years?

"Ummm, years," he said before breaking down his ride. "That's about as good as I
can ride now. I'll hope to stay within a couple minutes of the leader. I like
the uphill finish to the race, but I'm kind of hurting now."

As were a lot of racers, but not Sheedy. After the initial crash in 2002, he did
a semester of seminary school while trying to "figure my life out." Now he's
back in Fitchburg and hanging with some of the top racers in the world. It's all
gravy from here so long as he stays on his bike.

"If I get through this with all my skin, I'll be a happy man," said Sheedy.
"We'll see what happens."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Frank Pipp, left, and Brian Sheedy talk after finishing the Best
Western Royal Plaza Time Trials on Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Sideshow | Another side of Grace Slick

BYLINE: By Tirdad Derakhshani; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Inq Col Sideshow; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 601 words


Adding some painting strokes to her singing celebrity, Grace Slick will appear
with her artwork this weekend at King of Prussia Mall.

Jefferson Airplane front woman and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Grace Slick is
also a painter - fact, some call her a "painter-extraordinaire." (That'd be the
PR folk who wrote the news release.)

The 66-year-old psychedelic goddess, who studied art as a youth at the
University of Miami, decided in '89 to pick up the brushes once again and let
loose on stretched canvas. You can see her work - and her - at a two-day show at
Wentworth Gallery at the Court in the King of Prussia Mall Saturday from 6 to 9
p.m. and Sunday from noon to 3 p.m. Info: 610-337-8988 or
www.wentworthgallery.com.

From 'L&O' to the Oval? Former U.S. Sen. Fred Thompson, who plays the
delightfully gruff district attorney Arthur Branch on NBC's Law & Order, is
exiting the show - possibly to run as a Republican candidate for president.

Thompson, who represented Tennessee, has yet to make an official announcement
but has been making exploratory appearances and blogging on issues.

NBC entertainment prez Kevin Reilly said Thompson will leave even if he decides
against running.

Celebrity humility Bruce Willis finally asks what's been on every citizen's mind
for years: "Why do actors think their opinions mean more because [they] act?"
Bruce says he's sick of celebs who act like self-appointed experts on everything
around the globe.

Bruce proved his point handily with, "Have you heard anything useful come out of
an actor's mouth lately?" Well, have you?

Willis-onian linguistics In another matter, Bruce is apparently angry the suits
cut his more colorful dialogue from Live Free or Die Hard, so they could finagle
a PG-13 from the MPAA. John McClane can no longer say his most excellent Die
Hard catchphrase, "Yippe-ki-yay, [filthy word]."

The Rolling cheapskate? Talented, sexy, lippy and filthy rich Mick Jagger is
totally cool about everything except . . . money. Or so said Mick's ex, Jerry
Hall, according to London's Daily Mail. "He always wanted me to pay for
everything to do with the house and children," said Hall, who has four kids with
the rocker. Hall, 50, revealed Mick was it: "Hopefully that big love will happen
again with someone else, but I'm quite resigned that if it doesn't, I will still
find ways to be happy."

Baby roundup Sheryl Crow spent Mother's Day with her own child, Wyatt Steven, a
2-week-old boy the singer adopted last week. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is a
grandpa. On Saturday, The Donald's son, Donald Trump Jr., and wife Vanessa
welcomed their first babe, the 6-pound, 14-ounce girl, Kai Madison. (Wonder how
many times gramps'll do the "you're fired!" thing at Kai till she can finally
leave home for college . . . in 18 years?)

Mary J. sizes up her man "I think I fell in love with him . . . but got scared
because he was the type of man I'd never seen before," says Mary J. Blige about
her courtship with her love, hubby Kendu Isaacs. In an interview with Essence
mag, Mary says Isaacs "had this 'I can take care of you. I can make you feel
safe' thing. And I needed that."

Survival of the nicest Ad executive Earl Cole, 35, proved that nice guys can
finish first, even in a snake pit, when he was voted the winner of Survivor:
Fiji on Sunday night. Cole, from Santa Monica, Calif., took the $1 million prize
by making the deals he had to make while still preserving his popularity. He was
the unanimous choice of the nine-member jury.

Contact "Sideshow" at sideshow@phillynews.com.

This column contains information

from Inquirer wire services.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       March 9, 2000, Thursday, Edition 1

THOMAS TO MIAMI ANOTHER BLOW FOR BILLS FANS

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 453 words



to enemy shows

'a lack of class'

It's painful to be a Buffalo Bills fan these days.

First there was the controversial kickoff return that knocked them out of the
NFL playoffs at Tennessee, then they released veteran stars Bruce Smith, Andre
Reed and Thurman Thomas.

And now Thomas, their go-to running back for most of the 1990s, has signed with
the hated Miami Dolphins.

''I'm not really throwing stones, I just think that (the Bills) could have
handled this better," said Bill Lindy, co-owner of the Big Tree Inn, just down
the road from Ralph Wilson Stadium.

''I haven't heard anybody say they're glad to see him go," added Lindy. ''It's
just the way they did it. It showed a total lack of class."

Added Curt Noon, who was across the street at Danny's Buffalo Cuisine: ''I think
they should've matched his contract. He was a definite asset to this team.
Instead now he's going to the enemy and we're going to face him twice a year and
watch them beat our heads into the ground."

Noon said the Bills lacked class in the way they gave up on Thomas. ''I'm happy
that he found a home, and heartbroken that the Bills wouldn't be man enough to
step up to the plate to do something for the guy," Noon said.

Margie Pendleton looked at Thomas' departure from both sides of the picture.

''It's a shame. Emotionally, you'd like to think they'll be here forever because
you like them. But it's a business," Pendleton said. ''You can't pay top dollar
for something that has a lot of miles on it."

The Bills have declined to comment on Thomas' deal.

Lindy, who attended Thomas' wedding, had held out hope to the last minute that
the Bills would somehow change their mind and re-sign Thomas.

''Actually, until I saw it on the news last night, I thought (the Bills) would
find a way, finagle a way, to bring him back," said Lindy, shrugging his
shoulders. ''I don't know what else to say, I really don't."

If things aren't painful enough for Bills fans, how would they react if Buffalo
traded popular quarterback Doug Flutie?

With their salary cap and personnel problems, the Bills might consider trading
Flutie and keeping Rob Johnson, who replaced him for the final game of the
regular season and the playoff loss.

BOOMER DUMPED: Boomer Esiason was fired from the Monday Night Football
 broadcasting team by ABC yesterday.

 ''There was a sameness," ABC sports president Howard Katz said. ''I feel we
have to figure out how to make it special again. It has to be a big event again.
There was nothing wrong. There was a sameness."

The network did not say who will be hired to join play-by-play announcer Al
Michaels.

WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES



LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                    October 1, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

'Black and White and rad all over': Mike White and Jack Black may be the oldest
teenagers around, and they're certainly among the most successful, writes Jay
Stone.

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Jay Stone

SECTION: Arts; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 891 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

TORONTO - Mike White is the world's most unusual teenager. For one thing, he's
33 years old. For another, even though he wrote the rock-and-roll comedy School
of Rock, which deconstructs rock mythology and sends it to grade school, he's
not much of a musical expert.

"I'm not a real rock aficionado, I have to say," White acknowledged recently at
the Toronto film festival, where School of Rock had a gala presentation. "I grew
up in a real religious family and my father was a minister. Jesus Christ
Superstar was really the extent of my rock knowledge."

Still, White has all the other earmarks of adolescence -- an engagingly hesitant
manner, the reedy tone usually associated with someone whose voice just recently
changed, and a habit of throwing "you know" and "whatever" into the middle of
sentences, so that, for instance, when asked if his mom and dad were upset about
his childhood plans to become a writer, he answers, "My parents were
encouraging, in terms of like whatever."

Moreover, White's bona fides are forever secured by the fact that he was
supervising producer of the teen TV hit Dawson's Creek and then the young
persons' series Freaks and Geeks. (He also created the short-lived daytime
series Pasadena.) So when Mike White talks about rock 'n' roll, you listen.

"When I grew up, wanting to be an artist or follow your creative impulses was
seen as like being on a continuum with heroin or crack or something," White
said, explaining the genesis of School of Rock. "It felt like subversive thing
to want to pursue. So I wanted to show the pure sense of rock and roll or music
and all that, it's not about all those kind of stereotypes that come with it."

School of Rock does start that way, however. It stars Jack Black -- White's old
neighbour in Pasadena, California, where he was born -- as Dewey, a rock
musician who's fired by his band for being too wild. Dewey finagles a job as a
substitute teacher in a Grade 5 class at a snooty private school, where all the
pupils are overachievers, and he turns them into a rock band. Along the way, the
pupils learn how to express themselves through art and Dewey learns how to hold
down a steady job.

White -- who also wrote The Good Girl with Jennifer Aniston and Orange Country,
another Black film -- said School of Rock was designed to show the kinder,
gentler side of Black, known as a bit of a wildman in his film roles.

"I wasn't afraid of a sweeter version of Jack, but we didn't want to make a
really cheesy, treacly, silly family movie," White said, adding he wanted it to
be something that would appeal to both him and his 11-year-old niece.

You wouldn't say that about Chuck and Buck, the 2000 movie that first put White
onto the screen. He wrote and co-starred in that offbeat drama about a man who
stalks his childhood friend, now grown into a successful Hollywood music
producer, and tries to re-engage him in their homosexual love affair. However,
after a few years of TV work, White says he knows what will and won't get past
the movie censors, and School of Rock is a movie that promotes positive values
even as it walks on the slightly undisciplined side of the educational
experience. It's Black and White and rad all over.

"I went to a school not dissimilar to the school I portrayed in the movie,"
White said. "And it was a very academically rigorous school and it was about
getting good grades and being the teacher's pet. And I always wished that I had
had, I guess in retrospect, a teacher who would come in and say, 'You know, your
education isn't just about doing these things. It's also about, even if you have
an absurd or impractical goal, if you have enough passion and you use all your
talents or skills or whatever, it's worth pursuing.'"

White said his best school experience was in Grade 2, when his teacher was the
mother of the playwright Sam Shepard. "She was the first person who, I don't
know, I just loved her. I wrote my first ... I did an adaptation of The
Emperor's New Clothes and we staged it behind the classroom. Those were the
halcyon days. It was downhill from there."

White said School of Rock was written especially for Black, who has a second
career singing in the rock band Tenacious D. Black was White's roommate when
they filmed it in New York City, and White said these weird, rock and roll
things kept happening; the toilet exploded, or a fire alarm went off and Black
had to climb up a ladder to turn it off, and somehow, the actor was always in
his underwear. "There were times when I was like, 'I'm living in a Jack Black
movie.'"

White also wrote himself a part in the film, as Black's former bandmate, now
reformed and under the thumb of an anti-rock girlfriend played by comic Sarah
Silverman. He said that as a screenwriter he sometimes feels like he is
preparing a party for everyone else to enjoy, "so by being able to act in it,
you just get to participate in the party."

At 33, White is the same age as Dewey, which he regards as a kind of watershed
time of life.

"You get to that place where you have got to figure out whether to give up your
dream or not. Sort of saying, you know, all your sort of fantasies of being a
rock star may not come true, but you know that doesn't mean to walk away from
your passion. Or that, you know, to keep that creative impulse alive is a happy
ending."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Mike White says School of Rock is a movie that promotes
positive values even as it walks on the slightly undisciplined side of the
educational experience.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              November 4, 1997, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Special session on schools starts on conciliatory note

BYLINE: HOWARD TROXLER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Everybody mostly played nice on Monday, the first day of a special session of
the Legislature on building more schools.

The governor did not threaten to veto anything.

The Democrats did not call the Republicans a bunch of evil tightwads who  are
ignoring our kids.

The Republicans did not call the Democrats a bunch of liberal  tax-and-spenders.

Instead, all sides said they were working together, determined to reach a
compromise this week.

With the 1998 election just around the corner, there is a lot of potential  for
this session to collapse into a partisan disaster, each side blaming the  other.

That still could happen easily. Plenty of special sessions start with happy
words on Monday and end with bitter finger-pointing on Friday.

But to the extent that raw politics was involved Monday, it was defensive.  Each
party was more interested in not looking bad itself than in attacking the  other
side.

For example, the Democrats seemed to be losing their steam on the sticky
question of requiring an election in each county to raise the local sales tax.

The Republicans demand these elections. The Democrats started out opposing  them
- but do they really want to go on record as the party that tried to shut  out
the voters?

Answer: No.

Meanwhile, the Republicans are in remarkable agreement that they need to  pass
something. They say they care only about kids. But in the back of their  minds,
they understand that the Democrats will have a field day next year if  they
fail.

I asked Lt. Gov. Buddy MacKay, who is running for governor next year:  Wouldn't
it be better for you politically if the whole deal collapsed, and the
Republicans did nothing?

MacKay protested vigorously. It is absolutely more important to accomplish
something this week, than to try to finagle any kind of political gain.

"He who tries to finesse this," said MacKay, "is at great risk."

The big picture is that the state House and Senate each will vote today or
Wednesday. Both sides' plans cough up a lot of money - at least $ 1.5-billion
over the next five years in the House, and maybe $ 2-billion-plus in the
Senate.

But there are a lot of differences between the House and Senate on exactly
where that money comes from, and exactly how it will be spent. Should the  state
use lottery dollars to sell bonds? Watch also for a snippy debate over  exactly
how to count portable classrooms in this formula.

The third partner in all this is Gov. Lawton Chiles, and it will be fun to  see
where he comes down. He named a commission that came up with a figure of  $
3.3-billion needed. How much less will he take?

If the Legislature meets him only partway, can he afford to veto the bill?  Will
the voters agree with him that half a loaf is not enough? Or will they  buy the
Republican argument that the liberal Democrats rejected their  responsible
compromise for political gain?

Monday was too early for such crass calculation.

"Everyone's going to compromise here," said David Bishop, a spokesman for
Republicans in the Senate. "All three sides have been sitting down the last
couple of weeks, really working on a plan. I think the governor, Senate and
House are closer than people think they are."

So give both parties a little credit. Chiles the Democrat has brought the
Republican Legislature to Tallahassee and has helped bring about the consensus
that something needs to happen. That consensus did not exist six months ago.

Meanwhile, the Republicans are almost certain to prevail in their core goal  of
passing a plan that does not involve any new state taxes.

So far, so good.

Of course, the week is still young.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 23, 2000 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Passion under the influence

BYLINE: Book review by Lucy Frost * Lucy Frost is a professor of English at the
University of Tasmania and the author of Wilde Eve: Eve Langley's Story (Random
House, 1999).

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1162 words


Goodness has nothing to do with it, as one of the subjects of this collection
famously opined. But talent does and Mae West had plenty. She sits happily here
with the likes of Doris Lessing, Ayn Rand and Sylvia Plath.

In 1959 an exasperated Sylvia Plath complained to her journal: "Find always
traces of passive dependence: on Ted, on people around me. I know this is
absurd. Yet what can I do about it?"

Would Plath's poet-husband have written the same self-laceration into his
journal? Would any of Plath's male contemporaries, however dependent on wife and
others? I suspect that they could have acknowledged dependence without worrying
about passivity. Claudia Roth Pierpont registers a recognisably female dilemma
by collecting her studies of 12 women writers under the title Passionate Minds.
Most of the women whose fascinating stories Pierpont tells have struggled with
the problem of how to be a writer with a mind and yet live out the passion that
signals womanliness.

Some of these writers solved the problem by avoiding ideas in favour of romance.
Margaret Mitchell was not seriously concerned with the debates on history in the
American South when she wrote Gone with the Wind. Her favourite word for
Scarlett O'Hara, "unanalytical", applies equally well to the novelist, who
managed to write about race as if it were not political. The book and its famous
film version did wonders for white Americans who wished to avert their eyes from
racial injustice, and it is disconcerting to learn from Pierpont of
African-Americans co-opted into Mitchell's fantasy world, even a 10-year-old who
would grow up to be the charismatic civil-rights leader, Martin Luther King.

The night before the film's premiere in Atlanta, a junior league ball was held
for 6,000 of the city's (white) elite. During the entertainment, young King
joined the picturesque "piccaninnies", who cavorted on stage while the choir
from his father's Ebenezer Baptist Church sang spirituals in front of a
plantation backdrop. How did the activist remember himself as a boy performing
in slave garb?

Another of Pierpont's writers, Zora Neale Hurston, would undoubtedly have hated
the occasion. Her most memorable book, Their Eyes were Watching God, was
published in 1937, the year after Gone with the Wind. As a young woman, Hurston
left the small Florida town where she had grown up and travelled north to the
metropolis of New York City, a journey of vast distance for which miles seem an
inadequate measure. Instead of joining the ranks of soft-spoken maids who served
the northern rich, Hurston used her wits, her mind, to finagle a scholarship to
Barnard, the women's college of Columbia University. She was the one and only
black student.

There she met Franz Boas, a German-Jewish immigrant who was pioneering the new
academic discipline of anthropology. Boas valued the cultures of Africa and
helped Hurston think about African-American folklore as worthy of academic
study. Anthropology offered Hurston an intellectual framework for writing about
black experience, and the fieldwork she did in her home territory enabled her to
write dialect as the nuanced language of everyday life, rather than the mindless
patter attributed to black characters in books like Gone with the Wind.

But Hurston, who would have understood Plath's journal entry, paid for her
achievements. When she found the man she wanted to be with all the time, she
recognised the danger of becoming dependent. Fighting her passion, she packed
her bags, left the man and wrote him into her best book. During seven weeks in
Haiti on a Guggenheim fellowship and awards for intellectual achievement in the
arts didn't come much higher Hurston wrote Their Eyes Were Watching God. At the
end of this novel, meant to "embalm all the tenderness of my passion", she makes
her character shoot dead the man she loves. Rather different from Scarlett
O'Hara.

Pierpont's studies of Mitchell and Hurston appeared first in The New Yorker, as
did the other essays in this collection. The series began after she wrote her
piece on Mitchell and another on Olive Schreiner, the South African author of
The Story of an African Farm (1883). Pierpont then "began to consider other
literary women of influence (very different from women of literary influence)
whose domain is somewhat off the usual critical path". The resulting selection
appears idiosyncratic, especially with Mae West included as a writer. No
persuasive rationale is offered.

The collection's subtitle, Women Rewriting the World, fits some of the
politically savvy writers such as Hannah Arendt, Doris Lessing, Mary McCarthy
and Ayn Rand; but it sits uneasily over Anas Nin, Gertrude Stein, Eudora Welty
and Marina Tsvetaeva (subject of a chapter called "The Rage of Aphrodite"). One
suggested tag, "women of a transitional age", says nothing. What age isn't
transitional? And what "age" are we talking about? The oldest of these women was
born in 1855, while the youngest, Lessing, was born in 1919 and is still
publishing.

Fortunately, Pierpont relegates her seemingly half-hearted generalisations to
the short introduction and gets on with telling her stories. Her interest is in
the lives of these women, including their writing as part of those lives. Often
biographers skip over the writing as if it belongs elsewhere. Pierpont engages
directly with what these women wrote, and her judgments show her to be a sharp
and unsentimental reader. None of her subjects is allowed to become a figure of
adoration.

Lessing, a writer whose fiction is often admired as a record of her own
passionately espoused ideals, is introduced to the reader as a young woman
sitting with her children on a blanket under a tree in Southern Rhodesia, now
Zimbabwe. The boy is three and his sister not yet two. Their mother is
explaining that she must leave them to devote herself to changing the world. It
seems a bizarrely callous act and difficult to understand. Is Lessing cutting
off her children, as Hurston cut off her lover, because she fears the passive
dependence that troubled Plath?

Even when the subjects of Pierpont's essays are well known, her version is fresh
and disarming. I will never again feel quite the disdain I've harboured for Ayn
Rand now that I can imagine Alisa Rosenbaum as a 20-year-old refugee from St
Petersburg, setting off on her own for Portnoy relatives in America. Faced with
the immigration officials on Ellis Island, she could easily have turned her
first name Alisa into a plain English Alice, but no, she opted for an exotic
Ayn, from a Finnish writer she'd never read. In her arms as she stepped ashore,
Ayn carried "the battered mechanism of her full metamorphosis the Remington Rand
typewriter from which she would, within weeks, take the rest of her name and
begin to recompose her life". In the vivid imagining of moments like this,
Passionate Minds is at its best.w

PASSIONATE MINDS

Women Rewriting the World

By Claudia Roth Pierpont

Scribe Publications, 298pp, $29.95

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2000 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 June 30, 2003

Bombed in Vegas, A Bomb on O'Reilly: My Book Tour, Part II

BYLINE: Toby Young

SECTION: POLITICS & OPINIONS; The New Yorker's Diary, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1177 words

HIGHLIGHT: I had a vague notion of a sequel about screwing up on the West Coast.


My moment had arrived. I was sitting in a Los Angeles television studio waiting
to be interviewed by Bill O'Reilly. For a struggling author on a book tour, this
was Ground Zero. If I could only be sufficiently entertaining for the next five
minutes, I might be catapulted into the big league. Who knows what might come
next? Leno? Letterman? Oprah? I felt like a high-school basketball player being
eyed up by a talent scout. It was time to show the world what I could do.

The fact that I had a monumental hangover didn't help. In theory, I'm a
teetotaler, but I'd fallen off the wagon in Las Vegas a week earlier. My book
tour was supposed to start in L.A., but at the last minute I'd called an old
university friend who lives in Mexico City and we'd arranged to meet in Vegas
for the weekend. I told my wife that we'd spend our time playing golf and going
to the theater, perhaps even take in the Andy Warhol exhibit at the Bellagio. I
meant it, too. Having never been to Vegas before, I'd bought into the notion
that it's this ultra-hip, sophisticated place: Soho with sand.

What I hadn't bargained for was the free booze. In Britain, it's against the law
to serve alcohol in casinos, presumably because the punters are thought to be at
enough of a disadvantage without being mentally incapacitated as well. No such
niceties are observed in Vegas. In my case, it was the gambling losses that led
to the alcohol consumption. At least, it was at first -- after a while, it
became a vicious circle. By 6 a.m. on Saturday morning, I was $2,000 in the hole
and three sheets to the wind.

The rest of the weekend's a bit of a blur, but I'm fairly sure of one thing: Hip
Vegas doesn't exist. Occasionally you spot someone dressed in black with a ring
through their nose, but they're standing between a 400-pound housewife from
Arkansas and a 55-year-old Korean grocery-store owner. And they're all playing
craps. In order for there to be a hip Vegas, there'd have to be an unhip Vegas,
and it's far too egalitarian for that. It's the most unhierarchical place I've
ever been to. There are no lists, no V.I.P. sections, no hot restaurants. It's
America in its purest, most down-to-earth form. It's the anti -- New York.

I had a paperback to promote, so on Sunday it was back to reality -- or, rather,
Los Angeles. It didn't take long for my own status anxiety to come bubbling back
to the surface. After I managed to finagle myself a decent-sized room at the
Chateau Marmont, I discovered that an old colleague from New York was staying in
the hotel and immediately invited him up to my "suite" for "cocktails." We'd
once competed for the editorship of a glossy magazine, and he'd got the job. I
was keen to foster the illusion that I was doing very well.

Within seconds of arriving, he suggested we go to his room instead.

"I have a balcony," he explained. "I get really claustrophobic in these rooms
that don't have balconies."

This episode was to prove typical of my week in L.A. In addition to promoting my
book, I was there to try to get some Hollywood writing assignments, and I kept
making the mistake of trying to pass myself off as an insider rather than the
complete neophyte that I am. For instance, I was having dinner at the Grill in
Beverly Hills with a successful television producer when David E. Kelley's name
came up.

"Didn't he just ankle Endeavour?" I asked.

The producer stared at me in open-mouthed disbelief.

"Did you just use the word 'ankle' as a verb?"

"Isn't that the industry term?" I protested. "Variety uses it all the time."

"Yeah, I know, but I've never heard anyone actually say it before."

My reason for thinking I might be able to get some work in Hollywood is that a
movie producer read my book last summer and hired me to write a biopic about a
Broadway producer. I turned it in at the end of May but, rather discouragingly,
he hasn't responded to it yet. The book in question, How to Lose Friends &
Alienate People, charts my unsuccessful attempt to take Manhattan, and I came to
L.A. with some vague notion of moving back to America, trying to take Hollywood
and -- when that inevitably ends in failure -- writing a sequel about screwing
up on the West Coast.

Unfortunately, it soon became clear that people in "the industry" -- a term I
didn't hear anyone use out there apart from me -- would take real exception to
being featured in a tell-all memoir. My colleagues in New York didn't react
well, but I got the impression that Hollywood folk would be even more pissed off
-- dangerously pissed off, in fact.

"If you repeat what I'm about to tell you, I will literally kill you," said one
mid-level player as a preamble to telling me a bit of gossip. "I don't just mean
you can't write about it. If you so much as tell anyone what I'm about to tell
you and you attribute it to me, I will literally cut off your head with a steak
knife."

I believed him.

After a week in L.A., I came to the conclusion that not only do I have zero
chance of re-inventing myself as a screenwriter, but my insurance policy --
whereby I would gather material for an expose of contemporary Hollywood -- would
be tantamount to a death sentence. No, my best hope lies in trying to establish
a reputation as a best-selling author, which made it all the more important that
I give a good account of myself on The O'Reilly Factor. At the age of 39, I've
reached that stage when I'm not going to get many more golden opportunities.
This was one of them.

Suddenly, I heard Bill O'Reilly's voice in my earpiece. The segment had begun.

"In the 'Back of the Book' segment tonight, writer Toby Young has been fired
from The Times of London, fired from The Guardian of London, fired from The
Independent of London, and fired from Vanity Fair magazine here in the U.S.A. He
says he was booted because he wouldn't play what he sees as a corrupt game. Mr.
Young joins us now from Los Angeles. He is the author of the new book How to
Lose Friends and Alienate People, of which he may be an expert. All right.
What's -- what's the problem that you encountered in the magazine world
vis-a-vis the celebrities? What's really going on there?"

It was an inauspicious start, and it didn't get any better. I blurted out
something about how you were more likely to read the truth about celebrities in
The National Enquirer than you were in glossy magazines, but I wasn't prepared
for how adversarial he was. It was like walking onto a tennis court and suddenly
finding yourself face-to-face with John McEnroe. After he'd served a succession
of aces, I was summarily dismissed.

"All right, Mr. Young, thanks for coming on. We appreciate it."

Game, set and match to Mr. O'Reilly.

Still, when I arrived in New York on Sunday night, there was one consolation. My
publisher called to tell me that my book was No. 7 on The Washington Post's
paperback nonfiction best-seller list. Maybe I should forget New York and Los
Angeles and move to D.C. At least in that city, no one objects to being written
about.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 The New York Observer, L.P.


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                July 13, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Fresh stars, stories

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: SPORTS; BOSTON ALL STAR GAME '99; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1088 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



Grab your roster, because tonight's All-Star Game features some new names.

After all of these years, their perspective has changed. For players such as
Greg Maddux, Barry Bonds, Frank Thomas, Mo Vaughn and Roger Clemens, tonight's
All-Star Game will be seen from a different view. For instance, from their
living rooms.

The 1999 All-Star Game is about change. It is about fresh stories and even
fresher faces. Of the 60 players assembled at Fenway Park this evening, 24 are
All-Stars for the first time.

"There are so many great stories here, so many journeymen players," said Arizona
outfielder Luis Gonzalez, a first-time All-Star and native of Tampa.

"You've got guys that have been released or bounced from team to team and
they've come along this year and turned their careers around. It's fun to be a
part of that."

Their paths have been anything but predictable. The reliever from rural Canada
who was sending resumes to general managers two years ago. The third baseman who
spent nearly eight years in the minors and was 30 before he won a starting job
in the majors. The starting pitcher who packed his bags and told his
minor-league manager he was retiring during the 1995 All-Star break.

This is their All-Star Game and these are their stories.

+++The first time Jeff Zimmerman sent out resumes, he did not have a lot of
success. A business graduate at Texas Christian, he shipped out 200 resumes to
various corporations after getting his Master's degree and got zero job offers
worth considering.

Depressed that his button-down career was going nowhere, Zimmerman was persuaded
by his brother Jordan to give baseball another try. He had played in France
after college and pitched for the Canadian National team but had been ignored by
major-league organizations.

So Zimmerman tried the resume thing again. He faxed one to each major-league
team and figured he would call back a week later to finagle an invitation to
spring training.

A day later, the Rangers called him.

Two years later, Zimmerman is an All-Star.

"I've got the resume on the hard drive of my computer, so I'm going to have to
dredge it up sometime and start carrying it around with me," Zimmerman said. "No
one believes the story."

It's Zimmerman's success that makes the story so difficult to swallow. Working
as a set-up man in the Texas bullpen, Zimmerman is 8-0 with an 0.89 ERA. The
26-year-old rookie has been so dominant he is the first set-up man to make the
All-Star team since Mike Henneman in 1989.

"If you dedicate yourself fully to something you love and pour your heart and
soul into it, good things will happen," Zimmerman said. "You have to be
passionate."

+++Kent Bottenfield had known low moments before. After all, this is a man who
went 3-17 for Double-A Jacksonville in 1989.

He had been cut by Montreal, San Francisco and Colorado and had to beg for a job
from Detroit's Triple-A team in 1995.

But when he reached the All-Star break with Toledo that season and there was no
call-up from the woeful Tigers, he decided he'd had enough. At 26, he packed his
bags and decided to go home.

"I was almost excited by the thought," Bottenfield said. "It waslike I was
finally going to get that monkey off my back and move on with my life."

Instead, his agent, Mark Rogers, talked him out of quitting. Give it three more
months, Rogers said, then decide after the season. Bottenfield agreed and saw
his career turn around.

He began sitting with Toledo pitching coach Rick Adair during games and learning
about setting up hitters and using a game plan. He went from being a power
thrower to a finesse pitcher.

It took a few years for the adjustment to take hold, but Bottenfield entered
spring training with the Cardinals this season with the idea that he could win
the No. 5 starter's job.

He ended up winning a National League-leading 14 games before the All-Star
break.

"The neatest part has been talking to the teams that gave up on me, and I don't
mean that in a vengeful way," Bottenfield said. "I've had some of my former GMs
call and sincerely congratulate me. One said, "I guess I made a mistake.'

"At the time I couldn't have told them they were making a mistake. I probably
deserved to be released."

+++He enjoys a good joke as much as the next guy, so Ron Coomer chuckled when
Twins public relations director Sean Harlin called to tell him he was on the
All-Star team. "I said, "Okay, Sean, why are you really calling?' " Coomer said.

Guys like Coomer do not make All-Star teams. Not after spending the better part
of their 20s in the minors. Not when they are used like a utility player by
their manager, going from third base to first base to DH to the outfield.

But Coomer has become a favorite in Minnesota because of hishard-nosed style and
manager Tom Kelly lobbied hard for him to make the All-Star team because of his
versatility.

"I played 7 1/2 years in the minors. So how do I tell a manager, "No, I don't
want to move to first base,' " Coomer said. "I like playing third base, it's my
natural position, but I'm going to go anywhere to stay in the lineup. That's how
TK manages, so that's what I'll do.

"I know TK had a lot do with this and I appreciate that."

+++Paul Byrd got a call from former Braves teammate John Smoltz, congratulating
the Phillies right-hander on making the All-Star team.

"He was sitting at home and I was going to the All-Star Game," Byrd said. "When
I hung up the phone I thought, "What's wrong with this picture?' "

Byrd was the one the Braves allowed to fly the coop. Released by Atlanta last
season, he was claimed on waivers by the Phillies and put in the starting
rotation.

At the time, he had a 7-6 career record after parts of four seasons with the
Braves and Mets. Since then, Byrd is 16-7.

"All it took was somebody giving me an opportunity. I prayed for a chance and it
finally came," Byrd said. "Everybody wants me to say that I came up with a
Vulcan death grip slider or something like that, but it wasn't like that. I just
needed a chance."

+++There are others besides these four. Pirates third baseman Ed Sprague could
barely find a job in the off-season after a couple of poor years in Toronto and
Oakland. Ditto for John Jaha. B.J. Surhoff played a dozen years and collected
more than 1,600 hits before getting his first All-Star bid.

Together, they help form the biggest first-year class of All-Stars in more than
a decade.

"However it happened, doesn't matter," Coomer said. "As long as you make it
here."


LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; COLOR PHOTO, (4); BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO,
(4); Ken Griffey bows after Mark McGwire hit 13 out in the first round of the
home run contest.; Jeff Zimmerman; Kent Bottenfield; Ron Coomer; Paul Byrd; Jeff
Zimmerman (ran ET SS); Kent Bottenfield (ran ET SS); Ron Coomer (ran ET SS);
Paul Byrd (ran ET SS)

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            November 5, 2010 Friday
                                 3 Star Edition

PARTY TIME FOR BOBBY;
IT WAS A LONG TIME COMING BUT BOBBY RAY SIMMONS HAS HIT PAY DIRT AT LAST

BYLINE: GAVIN MARTIN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 435 words


This was the year that Bobby Ray Simmons B.O.B, became an international star. He
went the top of the charts on both sides of the Atlantic with his debut album
B.O.B Presents: The Adventures Of Bobby Ray, and the 21-year-old from Atlanta,
Georgia, saw his first two singles Nothin' On You and Airplanes also hit the UK
top slot.

With a stellar guest list including Janelle Monae, Eminem and Paramore's Hayley
Williams, The Adventures Of... marks out Bobby Ray as the crossover rap star for
the new decade.

But, having been signed to his label in 2006, Simmons is not an overnight
success story. After all the planning - and some frustration - the album's
success finally gave him a cue to make merry.

"This whole year has been a celebration," he laughs. "I have partied more this
year than I have in my entire life. A little bit of plant life, a little wine,
tasty grapes, y'know?

"Every kid dreams of success at this level. Since I got signed I've been
prepared, gradually, for the changes that happened this year. It shows how
things can pay off. I'm just glad the world is receiving the music as well as it
is."

Four years from signing until getting a record released is a long time to wait.
Such delays have become an increasingly common problem for many hip-hop artists.
At one point Ray even considering jacking it all in.

"I was definitely frustrated," he admits. "But I was still releasing mixtapes so
I had some type of outlet and was able to do songs at shows that people knew.
Because I didn't have an album or a single on the radio, I had to finagle my way
into the stores."

So what's the secret of his success?

"My approach to music is to connect with the masses," he says. "I really try to
speak to the person. I'm not just listening to myself sing."

It's all a far cry from his early performances on Atlanta's club scene.

"When I was 15, I performed looking at the ground - really shy, timid and
nervous," Bobby explains.

"I had to learn how to perform, I had to pull my personality onto the stage. It
comes from loving what you do."

On the album - with its imaginative songs blending rap, rock, soul and pop - he
sings about "wearing a mask to get off my block". Bobby's donned several masks
to present himself as all things to all listeners.

"Around the time I recorded I'll Be In The Sky in 2007 I felt that I needed to
grow," he says. "I didn't want to box myself in. The album was originally called
The Adventures of B.O.B, but I called it The Adventures Of Bobby Ray because I
didn't want to get boxed into B.O.B. Using my given name,

STAR RATINGS: ***** Brilliant **** Good *** Average** Poor * Dreadful

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2010 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       June 24, 1995 Saturday 2D EDITION

When the going gets tough, a good fantasy can help

BYLINE: Diane Carman

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 584 words


I read somewhere that what men really want in life is simple: sex, money, power
and a full head of hair. Women, on the other hand, are harder to please.

I guess all that's true, but one thing I know is that most women can handle just
about anything as long as they have a good fantasy life to get them through the
night.

It's why "The Bridges of Madison County" is such a hit. In this movie, there is
enough fantastic material to satisfy your average middle-aged farm wife through
many an arctic Iowa winter and several steamy, bug-infested summers to boot.

First, the Iowa farm wives I know would find it fantastic just to be home alone
for a few days, never mind Clint Eastwood. Farmers are around all the time,
hungry every time they walk in the door and never go on business trips. They're
among your more high-maintenance husbands.

But the home-alone fantasy is not an exclusively rural phenomenon. Most women I
know would kill for a weekend of freedom.

Chances are if you gave your average middle-aged mother of teenagers a weekend
home alone and Clint Eastwood showed up in the driveway, she wouldn't notice.
She'd have the music - her music - on the stereo and she'd be doing something
totally self-indulgent, like eating breakfast or reading the newspaper. No
matter what, she'd never pay any attention to a visitor. Parents of teenagers
don't answer the door or the phone. They know it's never for them.

But just for the heck of it, let's say Clint Eastwood does manage to finagle a
dinner invitation. Any farm wife would know she was trapped in a romance novel
if he helped scrape carrots, brought his own beer and didn't fall asleep on the
sofa at 9:30.

No wonder Meryl Streep fell for him.

Then, of course, there was the totally fantastic premise that this handsome man
would appear out of nowhere and turn out to be a well-adjusted, heterosexual guy
with no criminal record, no kids to support, no entanglements whatsoever. He was
a virtual reality lover all the way.

Totally irresistible.

What made this fantasy perfect, though, is that she didn't run away with him.
They never had to argue over money or in-laws. They never had to deal with the
mundane everydayness of life. They could imagine a lifetime of heart-pounding
infatuation.

Sign me up.

Every woman knows the importance of a good fantasy when things get dull.

Just ask Princess Margaret.

One of the classic fantasy romances of the 20th century ended this week when
Group Capt. Peter Townsend died.

Back in his younger days, he was the one who made Margaret's lips quiver. A
handsome war hero, he was the equerry (the guy who takes care of the horses and
other stuff) for the queen. Divorced and 16 years older, he and Margaret fell
madly in love.

But, like Meryl Streep's Francesca, Margaret decided to dump him out of a sense
of duty. She went on to marry someone more palatable to the royal family, Lord
Snowdon, a former socialite photographer, who turned out to be a dud.

Eventually they were divorced, Margaret's royal aspirations were dashed and her
life was officially ruined.

She ended up raising the kids alone and hanging out at Buckingham Palace
bickering with all the other lonely, bitter royals, and working herself to the
bone, christening ships and posing for pictures.

But you can bet, when she was all alone that Peter Townsend fantasy about what
might have been was what got her through.

Now that he's gone, she'll have to do like the rest of us.

See you at the movies, Maggie.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                        March 16, 2009 - March 22, 2009

In the News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 516 words




Hanks, Clooney bring star power to stalemate

Tom Hanks has gotten involved in SAG's stalled contract negotiations, joining
George Clooney behind the scenes. Thesps want to nudge the guild and congloms
off their stalemate over the contract's expiration date.




Icahn's battle for Lionsgate heats up

Amping up his battle for Lionsgate, Carl Icahn has offered to buy as much as
$325 million of the mini-major's convertible debt. Offer came a day after
collapse of talks about seats on the board, a breakdown that signaled a possible
proxy battle for company control.


Google pulls the plug on YouTube in U.K.

Google Inc. said it will block U.K. users from watching musicvids on YouTube
after royalty negotiations broke down. Blighty's PRS for Music, which collects
money for writers and publishers worldwide, said it was outraged by Google's
move.


Fox TV int'l plan pays off

Fox has picked up U.S. broadcast rights to "Mental," a medical drama it will air
this summer. Show reps the first international co-production from Fox TV
Studios, which has been working with foreign partners to produce international
fare that can be tested abroad and then sold back in the U.S.


Mouse buries 'golden coffin' pay policy

Disney shareholders were told at their annual meeting that the controversial
"golden coffin" policy --- essentially paying people after they've died --- is
being nixed. Disney CEO Bob Iger's estate would collect $4.5 million under the
policy.


To boost O'Brien, Peacock finagles finales

Hoping to give "The Tonight Show With Conan O'Brien" a solid premiere-week
lead-in, NBC is pushing several season finales into June, when O'Brien debuts.
Skeins moving include "Medium," "Law and Order" and "Law and Order: Special
Victims Unit."


Octomom is fertile talkshow fodder

Nadya Suleman, the Los Angeles woman who recently gave birth to octuplets,
delivers big TV ratings. Suleman, dubbed Octomom, gave substantial aud bumps to
"Dr. Phil," "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and "Dateline."


'Ghost' will reappear in the West End

The 1990 pic "Ghost" will live again, this time as a West End stage tuner in
2010. Dave Stewart of the Eurythmics will help with music and lyrics, and Bruce
Joel Rubin, who won an Oscar for his screenplay, will adapt the book.


Col snares prolific producing pair

Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall, frequent Steven Spielberg collaborators,
are ankling Universal for Columbia Pictures on April 1. Prolific husband-wife
producing duo ("The Curious Case of Benjamin Button") head to the Culver City
studio for 18 months.


Casting

Mickey Rourke has inked to be a Russian villain in "Iron Man 2" ... Matt Damon
will be a congressman in "The Adjustment Bureau," a love story with sci-fi
overtones ... Nick Nolte is ready for "Warrior," set in the world of mixed
martial arts ... Milla Jovovich is circling "Mile Zero" --- she'll try to clear
her father of murder ... Chris Rock, Martin Lawrence and Tracy Morgan team in
"Death at a Funeral," a U.S. remake of the 2007 Brit pic ... Malin Akerman
("Watchmen") and Ryan Phillippe are set for indie drama "The Bang Bang Club,"
set in apartheid-era South Africa.


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Missouri Lawyers Weekly

                                 April 21, 2003

Commentary: Reunited And It Feels ... Okay, I Guess

BYLINE: David L. Yas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1141  words


I used to think 10 years was a long time.

Heck, the 10 years between third grade and sophomore year in college, that was a
long time, wasn't it? In third grade you're taking on your older brother in Rock
'em-Sock 'em Robots; in your college years you're taking his I.D. when he isn't
looking so you can get into campus bars.

Then I got a phone call asking to serve on the 10-year reunion committee for my
law school.

It's been 10 years since I graduated law school? Terrific. In related news, I
just pulled a hamstring reaching for my Geritol.

For all of us, with every passing year law school seems just like another
squashed squirrel in the rear-view mirror of life.

But for whatever reason, the past decade really seemed to fly by for us ... what
were we, anyway? We missed the Baby Boom by a few short years and never quite
felt young and hip enough to call ourselves Generation X by the time someone
came up with that term.

We're more like Generation Y, or why, as in why can I not remember anything
particularly compelling that happened in the last 10 years? Ten years ago Iraq
was a nation decimated by war, Michael Jackson was a pop star whose better work
was clearly behind him and Tom Cruise, Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan were the biggest
stars in Hollywood. Lawyers were still getting acclimated to electronic
research. Massachusetts courts were dilapidated and underfunded. The job market
stunk.

I'm telling you, take a time machine back to 1993 and outside of a few more
Finagle a Bagel franchises here and there, everything would look rather the
same.

Anyway ... law school.

I'm a big reunion guy. I actually am captivated by what my old classmates are up
to. During law school I peered with curiosity at the cast of characters to the
right and left of me, wondering what they would amount to.

In many ways, I'm sure my classmates at B.U. Law School were typical of any law
school. We had a guy named Torrey who got into an honest-to-goodness fistfight
over who got to sit in the front row in Contracts class.

We had a guy named Hal who annoyingly spewed Latin phrases and words like
"infer" and "invoke" and "imbue" every morning. Also, he smelled bad. Like,
dirty-diaper bad.

We had a woman named Mary who was so confused that her eyes seemed to widen in
fear more and more every time she was called on. By the third week of class she
looked like a Muppet.

We had a woman named Jane who was so absurdly smart that we used to scheme in
our study groups ways to recruit her into our group.

We had a guy named Mark who was so proud of his photographic memory that
whenever a case was mentioned he'd quickly offer what page it was on in the text
book. Hey, Mark, Rain Man called. He wants his creepy fascination with minutiae
back.

And we had a guy named Drew who used to say that he needed to do very well on
his exam because he was looking to transfer to a different school. A school in
Cambridge. "I was meant to be across the river," he'd say, shortly before
dodging a Property book thrown at his head.

Over the years, I really only kept in regular touch with two of my classmates.
Both are extremely successful lawyers. But their philosophy toward life and such
would be better described if I told you the three of us were at a costume party
recently, and my friend the corporate lawyer was dressed as Elvis - sideburns as
bushy as the day is long - while my friend the in-house counsel was dressed as
Jimi Hendrix. This looked alarmingly funny since he's pale as a sheet of paper
and about 5-foot-6 in his hightops. (I was dressed as Kid Rock - top hat, wig,
sleazoid goatee - but then, you'd expect that from me.)

So keeping tabs on my classmates has been limited to reading the Class Notes in
the alumni magazine, which, as we all know, are the only pages of the
publication that matter. If you're like me, you turn to your class report like a
gambling addict turning to results from Suffolk Downs.

You know these things ...

Jack Butler '93 spent a year in-house with a television production company, and
then began working with Leonard, Patrick & Smithers, an entertainment litigation
boutique representing most of the major motion picture studios. He writes "I
still teach an undergraduate course in communications law at USC, and a course
in entertainment law at UCLA. Still surfing and playing beach volleyball on a
regular basis. "

This was, more or less, an actual entry in my last alumni magazine.1

Do I want to hear this gag-inducing tale of success from a guy who used to
respond to the professor in class by gazing condescendingly skyward - as if God
himself was listening and gave two darns about this guy's views on the rule of
perpetuities?

No. It's not so much that I wish ill on certain of my law school classmates,
it's that I wish painful, humiliating ill on them. (Note to the good people: not
you. Relax.)

At the very least, these class notes could be honest and revealing, to wit:

Bill Blazejowski '93 works at a large firm in downtown Manhattan and is pretty
much the jerk people remember from law school. Don't bother calling him up when
you are in town -- he will pretend he does not remember you.

Carter Hayes '93 never really found the job he wanted and is really bitter about
it. Though he says he "has his own practice," that's really a way of saying
"unemployed. " Carter adds that his home in Sheboygan, MI is a "real dump. "

Daryl Poynster '93 made the decision to become a tax lawyer seven years ago when
he joined the firm of Kelley & Stevenson. Now he is bored out of his skull and
questioning his very being. "Why me?" he asked recently. Also, his twin sons
can't stop biting the other kids in kindergarten.

Henry Hackett '93 is a litigator in Chicago and is loving every minute of it.
However, he still dresses like a used-car salesman, suffers from severe
halitosis, and hasn't had a date since 1996.

Billy Caufield '93 failed the bar exam three times before going on a three-state
shooting spree. He is currently at-large and should be considered armed and
dangerous.

If any of my cherished classmates happen to read this and are feeling a bit
slighted, please be advised that any cynicism or angst on my part is simply a
result of my own personal ordeal since law school. ...

David Yas '93 has enjoyed a wonderful career in legal publishing but is a real
pain to be around since he realized that he is losing his hair. Also, his chief
body of work can be found in a humor column that, in the pantheon of literature,
ranks somewhere between nursery rhymes and the lyrics to any given Duran Duran
song. Some say every word he writes is a pathetic cry for help.

Thanks for the memories, class of 1993. See ya at reunion.

Note

1 As an aside, the names in this column have been changed to movie characters
played by Michael Keaton. If you noticed this, I'd be worried. Really.

* * *

Mr. Yas is publisher of Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                 April 14, 2003

Commentary: Reunited And It Feels ... Okay, I Guess

BYLINE: David L. Yas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1131  words


I used to think 10 years was a long time.

Heck, the 10 years between third grade and sophomore year in college, that was a
long time, wasn't it? In third grade you're taking on your older brother in Rock
'em-Sock 'em Robots; in your college years you're taking his I.D. when he isn't
looking so you can get into campus bars.

Then I got a phone call asking to serve on the 10-year reunion committee for my
law school.

It's been 10 years since I graduated law school? Terrific. In related news, I
just pulled a hamstring reaching for my Geritol.

For all of us, with every passing year law school seems just like another
squashed squirrel in the rear-view mirror of life.

But for whatever reason, the past decade really seemed to fly by for us ... what
were we, anyway? We missed the Baby Boom by a few short years and never quite
felt young and hip enough to call ourselves Generation X by the time someone
came up with that term.

We're more like Generation Y, or why, as in why can I not remember anything
particularly compelling that happened in the last 10 years? Ten years ago Iraq
was a nation decimated by war, Michael Jackson was a pop star whose better work
was clearly behind him and Tom Cruise, Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan were the biggest
stars in Hollywood. Lawyers were still getting acclimated to electronic
research. Massachusetts courts were dilapidated and underfunded. The job market
stunk.

I'm telling you, take a time machine back to 1993 and outside of a few more
Finagle a Bagel franchises here and there, everything would look rather the
same.

Anyway ... law school.

I'm a big reunion guy. I actually am captivated by what my old classmates are up
to. During law school I peered with curiosity at the cast of characters to the
right and left of me, wondering what they would amount to.

In many ways, I'm sure my classmates at B.U. Law School were typical of any law
school. We had a guy named Torrey who got into an honest-to-goodness fistfight
over who got to sit in the front row in Contracts class.

We had a guy named Hal who annoyingly spewed Latin phrases and words like
"infer" and "invoke" and "imbue" every morning. Also, he smelled bad. Like,
dirty-diaper bad.

We had a woman named Mary who was so confused that her eyes seemed to widen in
fear more and more every time she was called on. By the third week of class she
looked like a Muppet.

We had a woman named Jane who was so absurdly smart that we used to scheme in
our study groups ways to recruit her into our group.

We had a guy named Mark who was so proud of his photographic memory that
whenever a case was mentioned he'd quickly offer what page it was on in the text
book. Hey, Mark, Rain Man called. He wants his creepy fascination with minutiae
back.

And we had a guy named Drew who used to say that he needed to do very well on
his exam because he was looking to transfer to a different school. A school in
Cambridge. "I was meant to be across the river," he'd say, shortly before
dodging a Property book thrown at his head.

Over the years, I really only kept in regular touch with two of my classmates.
Both are extremely successful lawyers. But their philosophy toward life and such
would be better described if I told you the three of us were at a costume party
recently, and my friend the corporate lawyer was dressed as Elvis - sideburns as
bushy as the day is long - while my friend the in-house counsel was dressed as
Jimi Hendrix. This looked alarmingly funny since he's pale as a sheet of paper
and about 5-foot-6 in his hightops. (I was dressed as Kid Rock - top hat, wig,
sleazoid goatee - but then, you'd expect that from me.)

So keeping tabs on my classmates has been limited to reading the Class Notes in
the alumni magazine, which, as we all know, are the only pages of the
publication that matter. If you're like me, you turn to your class report like a
gambling addict turning to results from Suffolk Downs.

You know these things ...

Jack Butler '93 spent a year in-house with a television production company, and
then began working with Leonard, Patrick & Smithers, an entertainment litigation
boutique representing most of the major motion picture studios. He writes "I
still teach an undergraduate course in communications law at USC, and a course
in entertainment law at UCLA. Still surfing and playing beach volleyball on a
regular basis. "

This was, more or less, an actual entry in my last alumni magazine.1

Do I want to hear this gag-inducing tale of success from a guy who used to
respond to the professor in class by gazing condescendingly skyward - as if God
himself was listening and gave two darns about this guy's views on the rule of
perpetuities?

No. It's not so much that I wish ill on certain of my law school classmates,
it's that I wish painful, humiliating ill on them. (Note to the good people: not
you. Relax.)

At the very least, these class notes could be honest and revealing, to wit:

Bill Blazejowski '93 works at a large firm in downtown Manhattan and is pretty
much the jerk people remember from law school. Don't bother calling him up when
you are in town - he will pretend he does not remember you.

Carter Hayes '93 never really found the job he wanted and is really bitter about
it. Though he says he "has his own practice," that's really a way of saying
"unemployed. " Carter adds that his home in Sheboygan, MI is a "real dump. "

Daryl Poynster '93 made the decision to become a tax lawyer seven years ago when
he joined the firm of Kelley & Stevenson. Now he is bored out of his skull and
questioning his very being. "Why me?" he asked recently. Also, his twin sons
can't stop biting the other kids in kindergarten.

Henry Hackett '93 is a litigator in Chicago and is loving every minute of it.
However, he still dresses like a used-car salesman, suffers from severe
halitosis, and hasn't had a date since 1996.

Billy Caufield '93 failed the bar exam three times before going on a three-state
shooting spree. He is currently at-large and should be considered armed and
dangerous.

If any of my cherished classmates happen to read this and are feeling a bit
slighted, please be advised that any cynicism or angst on my part is simply a
result of my own personal ordeal since law school. ...

David Yas '93 has enjoyed a wonderful career in legal publishing but is a real
pain to be around since he realized that he is losing his hair. Also, his chief
body of work can be found in a humor column that, in the pantheon of literature,
ranks somewhere between nursery rhymes and the lyrics to any given Duran Duran
song. Some say every word he writes is a pathetic cry for help.

Thanks for the memories, class of 1993. See ya at reunion.

Note

1 As an aside, the names in this column have been changed to movie characters
played by Michael Keaton. If you noticed this, I'd be worried. Really.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 22, 2001 Friday, Home Edition

Riveting view of a hotshot firm's liftoff and crash

BYLINE: ELEANOR RINGEL GILLESPIE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Preview; Pg. 8P

LENGTH: 701 words


REVIEW "Startup.com" Grade: B A documentary directed by Jehane Noujam and Chris
Hegedus. Rated R for profanity. At Lefont Plaza. 1 hour, 43 minutes. The
verdict: Log on.


If there were a Web site for the American Dream, under the sub-category
"failed," you'd probably find scenes from "Startup.com," an insightful
documentary about the quick rise and quicker fall of a fledgling dot-com
company. And that's not the only thing that crashes and burns; so does the
friendship between the company's co-founders, who'd been pals since high school.

In 1998, Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman had an idea they hoped would make
them rich and maybe even do some good. They formed Govworks.com, a Web-based
company designed to cut through bureaucratic red tape. People would be able to
do anything from paying parking tickets to renewing fishing licenses online.

Tom is the pair's quiet techno-nerd. The shy one. The idealistic one. Kaleil,
who leaves a job at Goldman Sachs to work with Tom, is the hustler, the one who
courts the venture capitalists and stays glued to his cellphone.

Govworks.com is launched with high fives, hugs and about eight employees. Within
months, it's mushroomed to more 200 employees and over $50 million in the
virtual bank. Things were going so well that the documentary's co-directors,
Jehane Noujam (who provided access, having been Kaleil's college roommate) and
Chris Hegedus (who provided experience, having made "The War Room" with her
husband, the legendary documentarian D.A. Pennebaker), thought their film would
end with Kaleil and Tom becoming instant Internet millionaires, awash in
champagne bubbles.

What none of them counted on was the dot-com bubble going bust.

Since we know how it's going to end, the movie's fascination lies in watching
these hotshot lambs being led to a slaughter they haven't anticipated.

Kaleil is always pitching, in a boardroom or from the back of his car. He even
finagles his way onto a C-SPAN telecast. Sitting next to President Clinton, he
hands him his card and invites him to join the board. Clinton declines, but
another public figure is friendlier --- our very own former mayor, Maynard
Jackson.

Meanwhile, Tom remains in the background, keeping things together on the
technology front or playing with his little daughter (though we never learn
where Mommy has gone).

The film makes it excruciatingly clear that the two --- especially Kaleil ---
are more hooked on the pitch than the actual product. When one Silicon Valley
entrepreneur astutely rips apart the concept behind govworks.com, Kaleil shrugs,
"He just doesn't get it."

Ah, youth. Ah, hubris. Ah, catastrophe.

Some things we see: Kaleil working the phones with a towel wrapped around his
lower torso (he seems to think this makes him attractive since he's well aware
of the camera). Tom and Kaleil leading their troops in a group chant that goes
something like this: "What are we gonna do? Rock 'em! When are we gonna do it?
Every day! How are we gonna do it? Every way!" Kaleil schmoozing potential
investors with cyber-gibberish along the lines of "facilitate the interface."
Tom's wealthy parents writing the boys their first check. Kaleil firing Tom and
having him escorted out of the building by security (yes, you read that right).

In an odd way, the two call to mind the partners in "The Producers," with Kaleil
in the Nathan Lane/Zero Mostel part and Tom as Matthew Broderick/Gene Wilder. We
spend more time with Kaleil, and the more we see him, the more troubling he is.
He's so camera-conscious --- while pretending not to be --- it's borderline
disgusting. He prays; he talks on the phone to mom; he cavalierly ignores both
his girlfriends. Like so many celebrity wannabes, he craves attention --- any
attention. You can almost see him a year from now, in the top right corner of
"Hollywood Squares."

"Startup.com" has its problems. The storytelling isn't always clear, nor are the
specific pressures that led Kaleil to turn Tom into dead meat. Thus, some of the
dramatic impact is lost. Still, the movie's timeliness is uncanny and, like it
or not, there's something riveting about seeing someone's dream in free fall.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Kaleil Isaza Tuzman stays glued to his cellphone./ Artisan Entertainment

TYPE: Review

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                               May 1, 2006 Monday

Variety is the spice of life at Coachella

BYLINE: By Jim Harrington, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MUSIC; Entertainment

LENGTH: 1062 words


It's hard to name a stranger one-two punch in the music business than Kanye West
and Sigur Ros.

KISS and Yo-Yo Ma? George Jones and Nine Inch Nails? Well, maybe. But you'll
never see those acts share the same stage on the same evening. Unless, of
course, Coachella organizers book it.

The eclectic booking approach is the single greatest thing about the Coachella
Valley Music and Arts Festival. It's what makes Coachella the most important
annual rock festival in the United States, far above other, more one-dimensional
large gatherings like Bonnaroo. The seventh annual two-day fest, which drew some
120,000 ticket holders to the desert town of Indio last weekend, was another
diversely entertaining affair. The event featured big-name hip-hop acts (West
and the Digable Planets, playing in San Francisco Wednesday and Thursday),
popular hard rockers (Tool), young buzz bands (Wolfmother, the Editors), huge
pop stars (Madonna, James Blunt) and indie-rock darlings (the Yeah Yeah Yeahs,
Sleater-Kinney).
VIEW OUR SLIDESHOW FROM THE COACHELLA VALLEY MUSIC AND ARTS
FESTIVAL


All of this variety would mean less than zero if the mix didn't gel. Yet,
Coachella's vibe, which is very reminiscent of the old Lollapalooza tours, is
very welcoming and encompassing. It doesn't hurt that the event is incredibly
well-organized and that the fans, in general, are surprisingly well-behaved. The
result is that all of these different musical styles achieve true synergy in
this shared setting -- even a back-to-back booking of West's killer hip-hop and
Sigur Ros' bizarre Icelandic indie-rock.

With more 80 acts performing on five stages, there's simply no way to catch
everything worth hearing and seeing during Coachella. Here's what this critic
did catch during his stay in Indio. Day one

It's appropriate that the first performer I caught at Coachella was the East
Bay's own Lyrics Born. The Oakland rapper, best known for the catchy single
"Callin' Out," delivered a crowd-pleasing set that drew heavily from his debut
disc, 2003's "Later That Day." The 'Yay Area' hip-hop scene, as you've all
probably read, is currently ruled by East Bay rapper E-40 and his hyphy cohorts.
But LB is every bit as talented and as interesting as E. His lyrics are
sensational, coming across like a mix of the Streets and Jay-Z, and he possesses
one of the best flows in the business.

LB's greatness was further underscored when I headed over to catch Common, a
rapper who possesses a flow as deep as a dry creek bed. Common's set was pretty
much a waste of my time, but it did allow me to finagle a good spot to watch
Kanye West, who followed Common. The incomparable Mr. West further established
himself as the current king of hip-hop with a drama-rich showing that mixed
great tunes from the rapper's two blockbuster discs, 2004's landmark "The
College Dropout" and 2005's "Late Registration."

Backed by a dynamic classical-style string section and clad in a Miles Davis
T-shirt, West hit the crowd with powerful renditions of "Slow Jamz," "Gold
Digger" and "Jesus Walks." Sigur Ros was an odd choice to follow Mr. West, but
it worked. What's really impressive about this Icelandic troupe is that it
really doesn't sound like any other band. There's a little bit of Radiohead and
some Pink Floyd in the mix -- but, largely, the dreamy, intoxicating sound is
all its own.

I also got a chance to see the heavily hyped Cat Power, who is appearing
tomorrow and Thursday at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco. She seemed a
little out of it and not quite in sync with the other musicians on stage. Still,
Cat Power's voice was fine, a mix of Fiona Apple and Carly Simon, and her
Memphis-R&B-meets-indie-rock sound was intriguing. The evening climaxed with
another fine outing by Depeche Mode, the legendary synth-pop act who prepped for
Coachella with a show at Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View last week.

Day two In general, the performances given on Sunday -- at least the ones I
caught -- didn't quite live up to what was seen and heard on the previous day.
It was, however, the more heavily hyped of the two days, given that it featured
both Tool and Madonna.

While waiting for those two megastars to take their respective stages, I filled
the day with Ted Leo and the Pharmacists, Matisyahu, Sleater-Kinney and a brief
bit of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. That's not a bad way to kill time -- I'd pay to see
that lineup at Shoreline. Folks have been telling me for ages that I needed to
go see Ted Leo and the Pharmacists and, well, they were right. The group
delivered a highly likable set that combined a wealth of rock styles, from punk
and college to garage and pop.

Matisyahu drew plenty of attention from curious concert-goers. The rap on the
artist has been widely reported -- he's a Hasidic Jew who rhymes about Judaism
over dancehall grooves. That's only part of what differentiates him from the
competition. He's also got mad skills on the mic, which include beatboxing, and
he shapes his tunes in very interesting ways, often with a touch of hard-rock
guitar. The highlight of the day, at least in this critic's book, looked to be
Sleater-Kinney. The riot grrl-influenced punk trio is one of the finest live
acts around, arguably the best that Coachella had to offer this year.

Unfortunately, it wasn't one of the Northwestern threesome's finer outings,
owing in large part to an iffy set list. I caught a brief glimpse of the Yeah
Yeah Yeahs, and would have liked to see more, before heading with the rest of
the crowd over to one of the DJ tents to watch Madonna. The Material Girl wasn't
spinning records, but she might as well have been.

The tent was jammed and most fans couldn't see Madonna as she kicked out recent
club tunes from her catalog. She did sound pretty strong, which got me excited
for her shows on May 30 and 31 at the HP Pavilion in San Jose. The evening
closed with the avant-garde hard rock of Tool. The band just released its highly
anticipated new CD, "10,000 Days," and will support that album with a show
Thursday at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland.

At one point during the darkly appealing set, I shook my head in amazement that
someone actually booked Madonna and Tool on the same bill. I mean, that's almost
as strange a combination as Kanye West and Sigur Ros. And that's the beauty of
Coachella.

Write music critic Jim Harrington at jharrington@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kanye West performs at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival
last weekend in Indio, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                  May 10, 2013

Skipping Rope With Those Sacred Red Lines

BYLINE:

Contact J. J. Goldberg at goldberg@forward.com

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1051 words


What do ultimatums mean  when they can be evaded?

I don't know if Israeli Prime Minister  Benjamin Netanyahu is a hockey fan, but
I hope he was watching the opening game  of the National Hockey League
championship  series April 30 in St. Louis. It held a useful  lesson for Middle
East diplomats.

The home team, the St. Louis Blues, isn't  what you'd call championship
material.  They've never won the coveted Stanley Cup.  They haven't even reached
the finals since  1970. But this year might be different, if April

30 was any indication.  Their opponents were

the defending champion  Los Angeles Kings. The  game was tied 1-1 when  the
regulation third period  ended, triggering overtime.  Twelve minutes  later, a
St. Louis defenseman  was sidelined for  injuring an opponent.  The penalty left
the Blues

a player short, dimming their chances.

Seconds later, the Blues' Alex Steen grabbed  the puck from the Kings goalie,
who had skated  behind the goal, leaving the front unguarded.  Steen deftly
slipped the puck over the  red goal line and into the empty net, winning  the
game.

The moral: Red lines are there to be crossed.  If you're on top and you want to
stay there,  don't get caught on the wrong side of a red  line.

Western leaders seem lately to be tripping  over red lines with embarrassing
frequency.  President Obama identified one on August  20, 2012, when he warned
Syria's Bashar al-Assad of enormous consequences if chemical  weapons enter the
civil war. A red line  for us, he said, is we start seeing a whole  bunch of
chemical weapons moving around.

Well, we've started seeing the weapons. It  sounds like the red line has been
crossed. It's  unclear, though. We don't know if it was a  whole bunch or, more
likely, just a smidgeon.  This is critical. The point of chemical  weapons is to
blanket an area and cause mass  deaths. Current reports show only a handful  of
deaths. Perhaps it wasn't a tactical deployment.  Was the regime toying with
Obama,  testing him? Did a rogue unit finagle a canister  or two? If so, were
they regime or rebels?  Was a red line really crossed? If it was,  who do we go
after?

Obama tried to explain the complexities to  reporters April 30, concluding, I've
got to  make sure I've got the facts. Translation:  I know I laid down a red
line, but I'm not  sure where it is.

Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  drew an even starker line last
September  27, a month after Obama's ultimatum. Now  he's in an even bigger
pickle. Addressing  the United Nations General Assembly, he  waved a cartoon
bomb bisected by a fat red  line. This, he said, was the threshold where  Iran
enriches enough uranium for a bomb   250 kilograms, purified to a consistency of
20% fissionable U-235 isotope. That can be  refined in just six months or so to
25 kilograms  at bomb-grade 90% purity, enough for  one bomb. If the mullahs
can't be convinced  to stop short of that red line, 250 kilos of 20%  fissile,
they'll have to be stopped by force.

Some leading experts believe Iran has  already crossed the red line  or, more
precisely, sidestepped it. In February the  International Atomic Energy Agency
said

the regime had produced 170 kilos of the  threshold 20% material. Tel Aviv
University's  authoritative Institute of National Security  Studies said in an
April 23 study that Tehran  is deliberately staying below the 250-kilo
threshold. Instead it's adding new centrifuges,  increasing its enrichment
capacity. Now  it can keep its stockpile at lower grade, to  avoid trouble. If
it decides it's safe to proceed,  it can reach the 90% finish line in the  same
quick sprint that Netanyahu's 250-kilo  red line was meant to cordon off.

As the institute director, Amos Yadlin, a former  military intelligence chief,
explained in  an April 23 speech, Iran can remain just shy  of Netanyahu's red
line indefinitely, watching  and waiting, steadily shortening its breakout  time
by adding centrifuges and bulking  its low-grade supply.

This puts Netanyahu in a tight spot. By his  own logic, he should be attacking
Iran's centrifuges  already. His defense chiefs say he has  the means. But they
also say it's a bad idea.  He's just been visited in a single month by  a parade
of America's highest officials, the  president, secretary of state and secretary
of defense. They didn't come to tour Yad  Vashem. According to senior Israeli
defense  insiders, the Americans came to deliver the  message that Israel
mustn't attack on its  own. America is in a better position to do  the job. And
it will, if and when it concludes  Iran has entered the final sprint. Until
then,  Netanyahu must trust Obama.

Can he trust Obama? The president drew  a red line on Syria's chemical weapons,
but  didn't act. Is that an indicator of what he'll  do on Iran?

Addressing a Likud meeting on April 29,  Netanyahu decided to punt. Iran, he
said,  has yet to cross the red line I presented at  the United Nations, but it
is approaching  it systematically. It must not be allowed to  cross it.
Translation: If they're sidestepping  my red line, I'm off the hook.

Yadlin, addressing a conference on Israeli  security April 28 in New York,
argued that  the whole idea of red lines is problematic.  Red lines are a
virtual invitation to an enemy  to evade, sidestep and circumvent. He urged  a
strategy of maintaining the broadest international  pressure, keeping Tehran off
balance  so it continues to believe the price of building  a bomb is too high.

Echoing a string of senior security professionals  who've discussed the issue,
Yadlin  said Israel needs the international community  to maintain the pressure.
And should  an attack become necessary  the fallout,  while severe, would be
less than the consequences  of a nuclear Iran  the international  community will
need to help keep Iran  from rebuilding its nukes. We have to pay  attention
that we are not paying both prices   that you bomb Iran and you still get a
nuclear Iran.

What's to be done? Montreal hockey legend  Yvan Cournoyer, who won more Stanley
Cup championships than almost any player  in history (only his teammate Henri
Richard  surpassed him), was once asked what the  secret was to winning games.
Well, he  said, after thinking hard, you've got to shoot  that puck.

If only Middle East politics were that  straightforward.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               October 01, 1999, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Give Sapp a hand instead of applause

BYLINE: ROGER MILLS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Bucs DT, honored as NFC defensive player of the month, is worried about a broken
hand.

It was good news. Leaguewide recognition. All-out props.

But Bucs defensive end Warren Sapp had other things on his mind - like getting
the cast off his broken left hand.

Sapp was named the NFC's defensive player of the month Thursday for his part in
helping the Bucs to a 2-1 record and establishing the NFL's top-ranked defense
(143.3 yards per game).

"I'll take it," said Sapp, who missed his third straight practice. "I guess it's
a tribute to all the work we do out here every day and to my teammates. That's
why I always give credit to them. Without them, I'm one person out there trying
to do a job."

Added coach Tony Dungy: "He's had a good month. He got off to a good start and
played three very good games for us. We kind of expect those kind of
performances, and I think the accolades were well deserved."

Sapp, in his fifth year out of Miami,  also won the award  in September 1997.

Sapp vowed in training camp that he would lead the NFL in sacks.  Through the
first three games, Sapp is tied for the league lead with four sacks (for
minus-37 yards), has 16 tackles (seven solo) and one pass defensed.

The news may have been dampened by Sapp's inability to practice and by  growing
concerns about his availability for Sunday's NFC Central game at Minnesota.

"We kind of listed him as questionable all week," Dungy said. "My thought was
that he would play, but I don't think we would know until Sunday when he takes
the cast off. We're planning on him being there."

Sapp said: "I can move my fingers without any pain, so I'm getting better. I
don't know, they are supposed to X-ray it (this morning) and I'll try to finagle
him to cut it off so I could at least bathe it. It's been on here for four days
now."

Green Bay quarterback Brett Favre, who has provided many entertaining moments
trying to avoid Sapp, was named the NFC's offensive player of the month. Vikings
punter Mitch Berger was special-teams player of the month.


LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 18, 2002 Monday 2D EDITION

MONDAY PROFILE Space pioneer ready to explore retirement

BYLINE: By Ann Schrader, Denver Post Science Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 869 words


In a night more than 20 years ago, Noel Hinners strolled to  the darkened second
floor of the National Air and Space Museum.

Hinners, director of the prestigious Washington institution  from 1979 to 1982,
wanted to see what went on after the visitors  left.

He looked around at the artifacts of exploration from the  beginning of the 20th
century through the Apollo programs.

Hinners had a hand in many of the space missions - to the  moon in the '60s to
the early '70s, first with Bellcom Inc. and  then as NASA's lunar program
director, where he picked Apollo  landing sites; and to Mars with Viking I and
II in the mid-1970s  as NASA's associate space science administrator.

As moonlight crept through the hall, Hinners looked at the  Spirit of St. Louis
plane that made the first solo nonstop  trans-Atlantic flight.

'I had this feeling that (Charles) Lindbergh would step out,'  Hinners said
recently after serving in many key space science jobs  over 38 years. 'It was
eerie     all those artifacts of pushing  back the frontier of knowledge.'

Hinners, who retired Jan. 31 as vice president of flight  systems for Lockheed
Martin Astronautics in south Jefferson  County, is credited with pushing back
many frontiers.

'Noel is really a national treasure,' said Orlando Figueroa,  NASA's exploration
program director. 'There are some people who  are very special. When the nation
has asked for their support,  they are ready to step forward. Noel Hinners is
one of those  people.'

Figueroa said Hinners has been 'in all corners of space  exploration,' from
inside NASA to being a chief scientist to  serving in industry. 'There are very
few people in the world that  not only contributed to aerospace and space
exploration, but  contributed at this level.'

Hinners' last boss - Lockheed space systems vice president  Claude 'Bud'
McAnally - said he has 'an unbelievable attitude  toward the job. He's humorous,
very quick and is highly respected  throughout the industry.'

On April 16, Hinners will receive a lifetime achievement  award from Aviation
Week and Space Technology in Washington. NASA  already has bestowed its highest
honor on him.

As director of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center from 1982  to 1987, Hinners
mentored young scientists and engineers and  managed to finagle - his word -
management of the Hubble Space  Telescope to an independent institute.

'NASA's big thing is building things, not operating them for  two decades,' he
said. 'The long-term science was better served by  an independent group.'

His next job was guiding NASA's exploration program as the  agency's chief
scientist from 1987 to 1989. Then Hinners landed  with Martin Marietta Corp.,
the predecessor of Lockheed Martin,  where he crafted planning strategy.

He moved to Lockheed's Waterton Canyon facility, where he  oversaw successes
such as the Mars Global Surveyor, Stardust,  Genesis and the 2001 Mars Odyssey.

Also during his watch at Lockheed, Hinners took ownership of  the devastating
late 1999 failures of the Mars Climate Orbiter,  done in by a navigation error,
and the Mars Polar Lander, which  had a software glitch.

'We made mistakes. No fuzz on that. We own up to that. There  is no excusing
mistakes,' Hinners said after two independent  panels found the spacecraft were
doomed by inadequate funding,  oversight, testing, staff and training at
Lockheed and its  partner, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

Hinners said too much was learned from the lost spacecraft  to call them
failures. Associates say that despite the  disappointments, Hinners entered each
follow-up meeting with a  smile.

Hinners is determined that his retirement will include  finding ways to ensure
that the lessons learned will be part of  company training plans and not
relegated to a dusty shelf.

Imparting knowledge to the next generation of scientists and  engineers is a
Hinners hallmark.

'He was the first person in upper management that I felt I  could talk to and
approach,' said Denise Kato, a senior Lockheed  engineer who orchestrated
Odyssey's insertion into orbit around  Mars in October.

Kato said Hinners provided enthusiasm and support. 'He said,  'Let's learn from
our mistakes, let's focus on what we do and  let's keeping moving.''

Jim Garvin, NASA's chief Mars scientist, was recruited by  Hinners at Goddard
Space Flight Center. 'He's a facilitator, and  has an eye for providing
opportunities. His vision has always  impressed me, of attempting to do the
impossible out there in  space,' Garvin said.

Hinners has many retirement plans, the most important of  which is to celebrate
his 40th anniversary with his wife Diana  this summer. They met in a pizza
parlor while he was a doctoral  candidate in geochemistry at Princeton
University, not far from  where he grew up. They also plan to travel back East
to see their  first grandchild, who was born in early March.

Teaching looms large. Hinners says he likes how students  don't stop asking
questions 'and finally you don't have answers  and have to go find out.'

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Helen H. Richardson Noel Hinners, with his wife,
Diana, held key space science jobs at NASA and in private industry over 38
years.

TYPE: PROFILE

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

TV Tonight

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 297  words


American Housewife The premiere of this new series, which debuted on its
originating network ABC on Tuesday, is rebroadcast on a Canadian network
tonight. The show stars Katy Mixon (Mike Molly) as Katie Otto, a confident,
unapologetic, plump wife and mother of three, raising her flawed family in the
wealthy town of Westport, Conn., filled with "perfect" mommies and their
"perfect" offspring. She lets viewers in on her deepest, most unfiltered
thoughts through voice-over. (CTV)

Firsthand This revealing documentary, titled Being Greene, which spotlights a
seemingly fun-loving family of performers - including patriarch Dave Greene, an
Elvis tribute artist; mom Roxie, a writer; and sons Quinn and Kane, an actor and
a beat-boxer, respectively - aired on the CBC earlier in the week. The family's
sunny facade masks a secret, however: The clan is fighting mental illness. (CBC
Newsworld)

Movie: Empire of the Sun Widely dismissed as a pretty yet hollow film upon its
1987 release, Steven Spielberg's account of an English boy's life in a Second
World War internment camp in Japaneseoccupied China has met with more enthusiasm
from critics and audiences in recent years, although Allen Daviau's
Oscar-nominated cinematography was loudly applauded from Day 1. Twelve-yearold
Christian Bale is at the centre of the film, which also stars John Malkovich.
(Encore)

Movie: The Internship In their third film together, Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson
star as two old-school, unemployed salesmen who finagle internships at Google,
then must compete with significantly younger, smarter candidates for prime
positions. Dylan O'Brien (Teen Wolf) and Rose Byrne (Damages) also star; watch
for Will Ferrell in an uncredited cameo. (Slice) !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media
Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Katy Mixon;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                September 22, 1998 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

LIGHTS, CAMERA;
EXPLOITATION IN COMEDY ABOUT FILMMAKERS

BYLINE: MARK DE LA VINA, Mercury News Theater Writer

SECTION: SILICON VALLEY LIFE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 649 words


FILM producer Davis Mizlansky is the vinyl LP version of a Don Rickles concert.
He's part William Holden in "The Wild Bunch"; a paranoid Richard Nixon lashing
out in the last days of his presidency; and a cantankerous librarian unwilling
to abandon the Dewey Decimal System.

"Hey, you know what?" he says after verbally flogging Trecker, his whipping boy
of an assistant. "With Sam (partner Zilinsky) and me, at least you can laugh."

Such is the warmth of Mizlansky, the ready-to-rationalize front end of a scuzzy
movie production team in the comedy "Mizlansky/Zilinsky or 'schmucks,' " which
opened Friday at San Jose Repertory Theatre.

Larry Block, who last year was the understudy for Nathan Lane when the Jon Robin
Baitz satire was on Broadway, plays the deal-making fireplug with a caustic,
almost charming edginess. His performance as the dinosaur in the changing
landscape of Hollywood is a gloriously crass nod to shameless hucksters and
shady operators, an ode to the infinite human ability to justify any action as
long as it keeps the likes of the IRS at bay.

Directed by Rep associate artistic director John McCluggage (last season's "Old
Wicked Songs"), "Mizlansky" hums with a tawdry otherworldliness as Baitz's solar
system of human oddities revolves around this fading, middle-aged producer of
exploitation movies. Desperation is always nipping at the story, whether it's in
the form of flustered gofer Trecker (Vidal Perez, Encore Theatre Company's "Balm
in Gilead") scampering about town to find the right brand of Italian canned
tuna; or washed-up TV actor Lionel Hart (J. Michael Flynn, Berkeley Rep's
"Pentecost") losing his grasp on integrity as he reluctantly agrees to
Mizlansky's shady proposal; or Mizlansky's exhausted partner Sam Zilinsky (Peter
Van Norden, the Rep's "Nixon's Nixon") longing to abandon the rapidly changing
world of film production in the mid-'80s.

Don't look for redemption in "Mizlansky." These unsavory characters live by the
credo, Exploit Or Be Exploited, as they finagle, scheme and maneuver around one
another. Mizlansky is supposedly broke, yet he lives in an elaborate
Japanese-style home (created by scenic designer R. Eric Stone). And Oklahoma
businessman Horton DeVries -- painted with strokes of uncompromising callousness
by stage and film actor Bruce French -- is so unctuously repulsive, he asks why
the Nazi point of view is underrepresented in a screenplay about Nazi hunters.

"Mizlansky" is an almost heartless piece, a disquieting portrait of human nature
as seen through the prism of Tinseltown. But this equal opportunity offender --
think a snotty Mel Brooks script crossbred with an episode of "The Simpsons" and
a touch of Moliere -- is a snide, often hilariously accurate look at the bottom
feeders of an industry not known for scruples.

If Mizlansky seems too true to life, it's because Trecker, the thorny, queeny
assistant for Mizlansky, is based on a young Baitz who before his playwriting
days worked for a B-grade movie producer in the early '80s. Baitz built
Mizlansky and the assorted sordid characters in the play on his experiences from
his job and turned it into his first script in 1984. Working from a Baitz
rewrite, Manhattan Theatre Club produced a version of "Mizlansky" in '97.

The fine cast of "Mizlansky" is able to work the comedic end of"Mizlansky"
enough to make the onstage unpleasantness bearable. But the greatest problem
with the comedy is that when all the seedy exchanges are over, you're left with
the strange urge to wash your hands.

Davis Mizlansky operates on a plane where he respects anyone who stands up to
him. Yet he is so willing to exploit a situation that he can't be trusted. And
Baitz's script fails at convincing us that the allure of making movies, and the
prospect of working with such an amoral man, are enough to make all that dreck
worth enduring.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mizlansky: Zilinsky or "schmucks"
By Jon Robin Baitz
* Where: San Jose Repertory Theatre, 101 Paseo de San Antonio, San Jose
* When: 8 p.m. Tuesdays-Saturdays, 3 p.m. Saturdays, 2 p.m. and 7 p.m. Sundays,
through Oct. 11
* Tickets: $16-$32; (408) 291-2255

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: SAN JOSE REPERTORY THEATRE
Larry Block and Vidal Perez co-star in San Jose Rep's "Mizlansky, Zilinsky or
'schmucks.' "
[980922 SV 1E 3]

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 28, 1987, Friday, Final Edition

Tavianis' Tribute to Cinema;
'Babylon' Revisited: A Family Fable

BYLINE: Rita Kempley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D7; MOVIES; REVIEW

LENGTH: 876 words


"Good Morning, Babylon," the fable by filmmakers Paolo and Vittorio Taviani, the
Italian brothers who work in tandem, proves a visually lush, but awkward
experiment in double-entendre, a wildly melodramatic tale of two Tuscan artisans
who come to Hollywood to decorate the sets of D.W. Griffith's "Intolerance."

Griffith's silent, antiwar classic takes place in part in Babylon, and the
babble of the international crew recalls the tower built of gibberish --
complexities crowded into this country fable of brotherhood. Vincent Spano and
Joaquim De Almeida star as the spunky Tuscans who take their gift for restoring
ancient frescoes and turn it to making celluloid ones instead.

When the family restoration business fails, Papa Bonanni (Omero Antonutti),
their father sends his favorite sons off to the New World. Their journey proves
bittersweet and fanciful, but so painfully contrived it finally chokes on its
own circular storyline. It seems an even greater failure, given the Tavianis'
great talent for myth-making. They are indisputably deft masters of pastoral
magic and the minstrel's art.

The provincial filmmakers have heretofore looked at the society of Italy,
specifically their home town of Tuscany, with such films as "Padre Padrone" and
the stunning "Night of the Shooting Stars." They seem out of their element in
their first English-speaking drama, in part a paean to the genesis of cinema and
the evolution of craftsmanship.

The Tavianis, children of World War II, are soldiers of cinema, battling old
dreams. Naturally they were drawn to "Intolerance," which found no audience in
the war-mongering America of 1917. And like Griffith, the Tavianis would salute
the evolution of mankind. Despite the strife, we have come from Michelangelo to
Griffith to "Good Morning, Babylon."

After a somber opening in Italy, the story starts rolling when the Bonanni
brothers arrive in California where they help build the Italian pavilion, a
Tower of Jewels that was the talk of the San Franciso Exposition. Griffith,
humbled by the Italian film epic "Cabiria" by Giovanni Patrone, resolves to
outdo Patrone with an epic of his own. But he must have Italian artisans to
realize his vision. (The Tavianis indulge in much paisano back-patting.) The
Bonannis, pretending to have been the foremen of the Expo crew, finagle their
way into jobs, crafting monstrous elephants for Griffith's project. Their
happiness is complete when both fall in love with movie extras.

The brothers are rather likable scamps, who must be "always and forever equal,"
warns their somber father, "or you'll grow to hate each other." Till the
prophecy is fulfilled, Nicola and Andrea are closer than grade-school
girlfriends. They even fall in love at the same time with dancing girls Edna and
Mabel. Marriage and pregnancy follows for each; then tragedy befalls the
Bonannis and their separate journeys begin, the brothers reunited finally on a
Tuscan battlefield.

Spano, who costarred in "Baby, It's You," is Nicola, and the Portuguese-born De
Almeida is Andrea. And they convey a convincing kinship, working first in
Italian and then English dialogue. Greta Scacchi, an actress who makes hearts
pittypat but has yet to land a good part, is Mabel, a dancing girl who falls for
Nicola. And Desiree Becker, a Luxembourg-born actress, makes her
English-language movie debut as Mabel's bosom buddy Edna.

They're cute with their tops dangling off, while their Old Country boys make
love with everything but their boots on. Meatball macho. Scacchi gets caught in
a silly speech about the free-spirited days of movie-making: "Let's just promise
not to forget this Hollywood of ours is so wonderful." But she and Becker give
the picture its joyousness.

Charles Dance, a star of the PBS series "Jewel in the Crown," comes up with a
bluegrass accent the likes of which Kentucky has never heard. Dance certainly
plays Griffith bigger than life, as if he were trying for Abraham Lincoln. Like
Dance's performance, "Good Morning, Babylon" is overdrawn. It is loaded down
with cosmic communications between the father in Italy and his blood-bound sons.
The Tavianis toyed -- and had as little success -- with out-of-body surrealism
in "Kaos."

The dialogue is often speechy as written by the Tavianis and Tonino Guerra from
a story treatment by Lloyd Fonvielle, who wrote the abominable "The Bride" and
cowrote the grody "Lords of Discipline." These master filmmakers nevertheless
offer flashes of visual virtuosity, but also are guilty of some sloppy lapses,
as when these turn-of-the-century heroes are clearly standing on 1980s concrete
by the San Francisco Cannery. And when the brothers are chasing fakey fireflies,
we shouldn't be thinking that they aren't indigenous to California. We should be
swept up in the romance of the moment -- boys, girls, glitter and glowworms.

In a way, the Tavianis have made a movie about themselves, a noble failure about
Italian immigrants who come to America and make movies, adapting Old World
techniques to the brash New World. Failed genius in itself is fascinating though
-- often it's the dress rehearsal for the next "Night of the Shooting Stars."

Good Morning, Babylon, at the Key, is rated PG-13 for exposed breasts.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOAQUIM DE ALMEDIA AND VINCENT SPANO AS BROTHTERS IN "GOOD
MORNING BABYLON."

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           October 12, 2005 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Missouri Valley tournament here will get more exposure

BYLINE: By Kathleen Nelson ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 390 words


The Missouri Valley Conference announced two changes Tuesday that will increase
the visibility of its men's conference basketball tournament at Savvis Center.

First, the tournament final will be the second game of a tripleheader carried
nationwide March 5 on CBS, one week before Selection Sunday. In the past, the
game has been broadcast on ESPN. The second flows from the first: The tournament
will be held from Thursday, March 2, to Sunday, March 5. In the past, the
tournament has begun on a Friday and ended with the final on a Monday night.

CBS carries four other conference championships as a prelude to its coverage of
the men's NCAA basketball tournament: the Big Ten, Pac-10, Southeastern
Conference and Conference USA.

"A lot of people have asked why CBS would want the Missouri Valley, why not some
other conference?" MVC Commissioner Doug Elgin said. "Mostly, it's about the
players at our schools. They're no dummies at CBS Sports. They've seen the
tournament. They've seen the games we've had on the air."

Elgin listed some of the MVC's victims in the early rounds of the last few NCAA
Tournaments: UCLA, Oklahoma State, Tennessee, Wisconsin, Georgia, Texas Tech and
Oklahoma.

"That's a list that looks like a Top 20," Elgin said, also noting that St. Louis
had hosted six NCAA Tournament events in the past eight years, more than any
other area. He added that CBS reaches about 109 million households, while ESPN
reaches about 90 million. CBS also will broadcast the 2007 MVC final and has an
option for the game in 2008.

The switch to a Sunday final also should improve attendance at Savvis Center.
When the game was played on a Monday evening, many fans had trouble extending
their stays beyond the weekend or getting to St. Louis to watch their team in
the final.

"There's no question in our minds that this will entice more visitors," Elgin
said. "It guarantees a good crowd for the final, whereas in the past if there
were teams that flew in, we struggled to draw great crowds."

The biggest fan base usually belongs to Southern Illinois University Carbondale,
which has commuted when the Salukis have made the Monday final.

"We've already had people say, 'Man, I don't have to go back or try to finagle a
day off Monday,'" Salukis coach Chris Lowery said. "This will be a huge
advantage, and it will be well-supported by our fans."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO by Chris Lee | Post-Dispatch - Creighton forward Jimmy Motz celebrates
his team's championship in the Missouri Valley Conference tournament at Savvis
center in March.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

LIGHTNING IN A BOTTLE Capuano is latest Cashman pickup to spark Bombers

BYLINE: BY ROGER RUBIN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 852 words


Chris Capuano's first start in pinstripes didn't end with a Yankee victory on
Saturday. That doesn't mean it wasn't successful. The lefthander, acquired by
general manager Brian Cashman in a trade with the Rockies two days earlier, gave
the Bombers something they would take every time: six innings of two-run
pitching. More often than not, that would be the foundation for a win.

Capuano pitched in 28 games for the Red Sox and had a 4.55 ERA when Boston
released him at the beginning of the month. He was picked up by the Rockies but
sent to the minors, where he was when he was traded. For the Yankees he was
quite good. Of course he was.

It's not an absolute, but when the Yankees are involved in deals near the
trading deadline, they usually end up better than they look at first glance.
This is something to remember. There are names floating in the trade winds that
might not make the heart race - Chase Utley, Ryan Howard, Cliff Lee, Matt Kemp,
Bartolo Colon, Marlon Byrd - and not all of them are playing well. But that
doesn't mean they won't play well for the Yankees.

Ichiro Suzuki was flagging for the Mariners in 2012 before the Yankees traded
for him. He hit .322 the rest of the way for the Bombers and helped them reach
the postseason. Alfonso Soriano was unspectacular for the Cubs last season until
the Yanks got him in a deal. He hit 17 home runs in 58 games after the trade,
but the Yanks missed the playoffs. In 2006 Bobby Abreu was middling for the
Phillies but hit .330 over the final 58 games for the Bombers in a playoff
drive.

The story of this season isn't written yet, but you can see the power of the
pinstripes. Brandon McCarthy struggled with Arizona, but is 2-0 with a 1.45 ERA
in three starts with the Yanks. Chase Headley arrived from the Padres this week
and is hitting .368 with a game-winning RBI in his first five games as a Bomber.
It could be the same with Capuano and whomever else Cashman can finagle. His
midseason maneuvering to fill a lot of voids has been awfully good.

"Coming from where they are coming from, they get here and they've got 50,000
people in the seats that want to see you win. It kind of ups your game," closer
David Robertson said. "This is a storied franchise, and when guys get here, they
are excited to be here and they want to play hard and prove themselves. That's
the biggest key when guys get traded over. They're geared up again. It's almost
like they get rejuvenated."

"It's coming to a team they feel has a good opportunity. You're fighting for
something in the months of July, August, September. I think that gets people
excited," Joe Girardi said. "But also it's being part of the New York Yankees,
the organization. There's a lot of tradition here. There's been a lot of great
players here. The fan support we get is great. So I think they get excited about
all those things.

"As long as they don't get caught up in expectations - they go out and be
themselves - players are usually OK."

That's what Capuano wanted to make sure of Saturday. The Yankees are contending
even though 80% of this year's original starting rotation - CC Sabathia,
Masahiro Tanaka, Ivan Nova and Michael Pineda - is on the disabled list. Those
are big shoes, and this is a club for whom October is not only anticipated but
expected.

"To be on a team like the Yankees, that are in the hunt, it's more than I could
hope for," Capuano said. "I couldn't be more excited. I just tried to make sure
I stayed calm."

Maybe it's a little easier for a mid-season acquisition to sidestep the
expectations. Big free-agent signings have all of the offseason and spring
training to understand the hopes heaped upon them. The Yankees have enough big
names that no one arriving in July will be treated like a savior, and Brett
Gardner believes that helps the players the Yankees trade for.

"We're the Yankees, so we never need to be rescued," he said. "Just feel
energized to be in a pennant race, especially if you come from a team that's not
winning. Ichiro and Soriano and now Chase Headley - you bring them into this
positive environment and maybe it helps them get on a roll. They come in just
looking to make us a little better and they've stepped up."

This second-half surge into playoff position has come with excellent
top-to-bottom pitching. The Yankees offense is showing signs of life, with
Carlos Beltran 10-for-32 with three home runs since the All-Star break and Brian
McCann 9-for-33 with five RBI over the same span. Still, the Yanks are averaging
four runs a game this season and look like they could use a lift. That will be
especially true if Mark Teixeira - the team leader in homers and RBI - is going
to miss more time with his injured lat.

McCann for the time being has been pressed into playing first base, where he
made a costly miscue in Saturday's loss. The Yanks need a productive bat and
maybe someone who could play first base or the outfield or both. Cashman has the
drive and financial might of the Yankees to get someone. When he does - be it
this month or next - don't worry about the statistics. Those don't always tell
what they'll do for the Yankees.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jose Reyes' reward for scoring on a fifth-inning double by Melky
Cabrera is a face full of dirt, something the ex-Met will gladly take since it
helps Blue Jays beat Yankees. PHOTO BY GETTY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 21, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Hamed Conquers America, or at Least Kelley

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY W. SMITH

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 938 words


He shimmied. He shook. But in the end, Prince Naseem Hamed rocked Madison Square
Garden, and Kevin Kelley, in his American debut.

Hamed, the World Boxing Organization featherweight champion, knocked out Kelley,
of Flushing, Queens, at 2:27 of the fourth round in a boxing match on Friday
night that was equal parts holiday celebration -- complete with confetti -- and
tough-man competition.

Kelley (47-2-2) knocked Hamed down three times, but Hamed kept popping up. Hamed
(29-0, 27 knockouts) knocked Kelley down three times as well, and in the fourth
round, he caught Kelley with a sharp left hook that knocked him out. Kelley
tried to get to his feet, but he did not make it up before Referee Benji Estaves
counted to 10.

Hamed, a native of Sheffield, England, who is wildly popular in Britain,
declared a successful conquest of America and again asserted that he is one of
the best boxers in the game.

"You saw the heart of a champion the way I came back," Hamed said. "I took what
I had to take and did what I had to do to win. I came to his hometown, I came to
the lion's den and still walked away with my title."

On the undercard, Kennedy McKinney, a year out of rehabilitation to shed a
cocaine addiction, scored a stunning third-round technical knockout over Junior
Jones to take away Jones's W.B.O. super bantamweight title. Over two rounds,
Jones threw more than 200 punches and decked McKinney twice, but Jones appeared
to run out of gas, and McKinney stopped him at 2:41 of the third round.
Immediately after the fight, McKinney, still looking a bit unsteady from the
beating he took, was trying to finagle a match with Hamed.

Hamed will probably become a very hot property now that he has beaten Kelley,
one of the toughest fighters in the featherweight division. Frank Warren,
Hamed's promoter, said his fighter could go in several directions: a fight
against McKinney or Arturo Gatti, or a rematch against Kelley.

Warren was very pleased that Hamed and the other featherweights on the card seem
to be bankable fighters. The crowd was announced at 11,954, and Warren said the
gate was $822,127, which made it the highest-grossing featherweight card ever.
And the excitement generated by the smaller fighters evoked memories of when
Sandy Sadler and Willie Pep wowed the crowds at the Garden three decades ago.

Kelley praised Hamed for his ability to help attract a good crowd to the Garden.
Indeed, many of the fight fans there were in the aisles dancing when Hamed put
on his seven-minute pre-fight dance routine.

But Kelley, who earned nearly $600,000 for the fight, was not blown away by
Hamed's talent.

"I got news for you, Seth: Hamed is no Roy Jones Jr.," Kelley said. He was
addressing Seth Abraham, the president of Time Warner Sports, the parent company
of HBO Sports, which gave Hamed a six-fight, $12 million contract and spent $2
million to promote him in America.

HBO executives must have breathed a huge sigh of relief when Hamed knocked out
Kelley, because in the first and second rounds, Hamed looked as if he was going
to be knocked out himself. Whether this fight did enough to draw the American
boxing public to Hamed's corner will probably be determined when he fights other
good opponents. And it remains to be seen whether a fighter from Britain can
maintain a loyal fan base in America if he does not fight most of his matches
here in the boxing capitals like Las Vegas and Atlantic City.

However, Hamed, 23, did prove one thing. Even discounting his pre-fight dance
show, Hamed has the star quality of HBO's stable of other fighters, like Jones,
Gatti, Oscar De La Hoya, Lennox Lewis and Pernell Whitaker. His match against
Kelley had Hamed's longtime trainer, Brendan Ingle, saying the fight reminded
him of the one between Marvin Hagler and Thomas Hearns.

"That's the way he is," Ingle said. "He's a very exciting fighter. In this
fight, Naz is all of a sudden on the verge of getting knocked out, and then --
bang! -- Kelley is on the floor and can't get up."

Hamed's knockout power is generated by speed and not by drive from his legs. His
knockout was all arms: the sharp left that caught Kelley on the temple and sent
him to the canvas to end the fight was a blur.

However, Kelley did expose Hamed's chin as somewhat fragile. Yes, Hamed got up
from the knockdowns, and two of them were flash knockdowns in which Hamed's
gloves merely touched the canvas. But if Kelley had done a better job of staying
on Hamed once he was hurt, the outcome would have been much different.

"I was overanxious," Kelley said. "I saw the end of the fight, instead of
concentrating on the present."

Hamed caused some anxious moments in his corner. Warren joked that he needed to
be shocked a couple of times with a defibrillator because his heart stopped when
Hamed was knocked down. Ingle was not laughing too much when Hamed, walking on
rubbery legs, returned to his corner in the first round after Kelley knocked him
down with a right hand that came over Hamed's lowered left hand and caught the
champion on the chin as he was leaning back.

"He comes back to the corner and he says, 'I know what I'm doing,' " Ingle said.
"And I tell him, 'Then why are you getting hit in the chin?' He's got to go back
and start doing what he was doing three years ago, boxing and working off his
jab."

Ingle said Hamed needs to work on his defense more. His defense for this fight
consisted mainly of leaning back to avoid punches, but Kelley caught him several
times when he was leaning back.

When asked what he learned, Hamed joked that he learned not to get hit so much
on the chin.


LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Prince Naseem Hamed standing over Kevin Kelley after the
knockdown that won their bout at the Garden. (Al Bello/Allsport); Prince Naseem
Hamed took seven dance-filled and confetti-strewn minutes to reach the ring
Friday. (Jose R. Lopez/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

TV Tonight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 298  words


American Housewife The premiere of this new series, which debuted on its
originating network ABC on Tuesday, is rebroadcast on a Canadian network
tonight. The show stars Katy Mixon (Mike Molly) as Katie Otto, a confident,
unapologetic, plump wife and mother of three, raising her flawed family in the
wealthy town of Westport, Conn., filled with "perfect" mommies and their
"perfect" offspring. She lets viewers in on her deepest, most unfiltered
thoughts through voice-over. (CTV)

Firsthand This revealing documentary, titled Being Greene, which spotlights a
seemingly fun-loving family of performers - including patriarch Dave Greene, an
Elvis tribute artist; mom Roxie, a writer; and sons Quinn and Kane, an actor and
a beat-boxer, respectively - aired on the CBC earlier in the week. The family's
sunny facade masks a secret, however: The clan is fighting mental illness. (CBC
Newsworld)

Movie: Empire of the Sun Widely dismissed as a pretty yet hollow film upon its
1987 release, Steven Spielberg's account of an English boy's life in a Second
World War internment camp in Japanese-occupied China has met with more
enthusiasm from critics and audiences in recent years, although Allen Daviau's
Oscarnominated cinematography was loudly applauded from Day 1. Twelve-year-old
Christian Bale is at the centre of the film, which also stars John Malkovich.
(Encore)

Movie: The Internship In their third film together, Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson
star as two old-school, unemployed salesmen who finagle internships at Google,
then must compete with significantly younger, smarter candidates for prime
positions. Dylan O'Brien (Teen Wolf) and Rose Byrne (Damages) also star; watch
for Will Ferrell in an uncredited cameo. (Slice) !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media
Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Katy Mixon;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 29, 2004 Friday

ISIAH WON'T FLIP ON LENNY

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 102

LENGTH: 740 words


ONLY in the NBA are head  coaches reported to be in job jeopardy before getting
a chance to screw up a solitary substitution or a huddle that counts.

Only in the NBA can coaches be undefeated - and their teams unscored-upon - yet
still manage to invite non-constructive analysis and misfortune telling.

Already we're hearing Blazer management is looking at Maurice Cheeks a little
funny, thinking he's not demanding enough from the players, that he prefers to
be one of the boys vs. their boss.

Already we're reading Eddie Jordan may be in trouble if the Wizards don't reach
the playoffs, that his hiring was a shotgun wedding enforced by owner Abe
Pollin, that he's not really Ernie Grunfeld's man.

Already it's understood Jeff Bzdelik must maintain the Nuggets' playoff statute,
as well as demonstrate his loyalty to leader Kiki Vandeweghe and prove to the
players he's no phony.

Already they're talking behind Nate McMillian's back in Seattle and wondering
how long Mark Cuban will support Don Nelson if the Mavericks can't win some
important games at the defensive end

Already Lenny Wilkens' days supposedly are numbered despite owning a two-year,
$10 million guarantee on his Knicks' contract, and Phil "Flippant" Jackson is
openly coveting his former fraternity neighbors' goods.

That is not only damn right unconscionable (no surprise so far), but also damn
right dumb.

I assure you, should the Knicks ever become genuinely good enough to compete for
a championship (Jackson's condescending criterion to resurface in New York)
while Isiah Thomas is in charge and Wilkens is working, Isiah is the one who'll
replace Lenny not Flippant.

Think about it: if the idea was to hire a decidedly decorated don, a high-tech
coach still very much in position to name his terms, control his bench and
command the respect and rapt attention of the players (not named Kobe) media and
fans, Thomas wouldn't have been in such a rush to turn over the team to Wilkens
or Mike Fratello, or Mike Woodson, or somebody else not in demand.

If the idea was to properly prepare for this season and for seasons to come,
Thomas would have patiently waited out last season (if a satisfactory interim
couldn't been found within league confines and produce the same mediocre results
then we're overdue to import foreign coaches) and had all summer to finagle and
romance the crème de la crème - Jackson, Riley, Larry Brown and Larry Bird
(smile).

Who knows? Maybe Brooklyn's Billy Cunningham, 61, if shown the appropriate
interest by his hometown team, would have wanted back on the bench after being
on the beach in Florida all these years.

If the idea was to hire the brightest and the hardest working coach Camp
Cablevision money could buy Thomas would have taken as much time as it took
before making such a big financial commitment (impetuousness that saved the
Raptors $3M, I might add) to someone whose regal reputation was ruptured beyond
repair in his two most previous shifts in Toronto and Atlanta.

The idea, of course, was (d) none of the above; Thomas was convinced he needed
instant credibility (even if it had been impeached) to soften the blow of firing
Garden darling Don Chaney.

Thomas correctly figured Wilkens' credentials (Hall of Fame/Olympic/Sonics
crown), New York State of mind (Boys High), humble appearance and low profile
would please the fans and appease the press, temporarily, anyway.

The idea behind welcoming Wilkens, you can't help but construe, was to bring in
a guy who owes Thomas exclusive allegiance for rescuing him from a drawer of
mothballs.

A guy who will accept strong counsel, if not take direct orders from his boss
regarding personnel and game strategy (Your team is undersized, Isiah, where's
the zone?).

A guy who won't grumble publicly or nag privately about anything management does
or doesn't do. A guy who's glad to see you and just glad to be seen.

A guy who enthusiastically endorses each and every move Thomas makes as he
industriously rearranges the roster in his coaching image - not Wilkens' image
and definitely not Flippant Jackson's image.

We'll know Thomas, for one, believes the Knicks are serious title contenders the
day he comes back to the sidelines, a return that's a given in most leather
circles.

"Isiah will never coach again," professes an agnostic who watched him closely
throughout his three years with the Pacers. "He knows the game too well to think
he's a good coach."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOB INSECURITY? With NBA season-openers still five days away, rumor
mills have several coaches, including Knicks' Lenny Wilkens, in danger of losing
their jobs. (Anthony J. Causi)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Wilmington bagel king witness in coke raid

BYLINE: The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 277 words


Aug. 4--BOSTON ---A Wilmington bagel tycoon with an expensive drug habit was the
key prosecution witness who testified that a 69-year-old grandfather was running
a drug mart out of his Boston home in West Roxbury.

Mark Smith, founder of the Finagle-a-Bagel chain, was a key prosecution witness
in Andrew Schulehuber's drug trial in Suffolk Superior Court last week.

Smith, who resides in Wilmington, testified that he was house-sitting for
Schulehuber and his wife Winifred, also 69, in March 2000 in exchange for a 50
percent discount on his $200-a-day coke habit, when police raided the LaGrange
Street home, according to published reports.

Smith founded the original bagel company at Quincy Market with his brother,
Larry, who sold the business in 1998. Smith had left the business seven years
earlier.

Police allege that Schulehuber, whose street name was "The Cheese," was the
kingpin of a high-volume drug den from his former home in West Roxbury. Police
say he was a major supplier of cocaine in the Boston area through the 1990s,
according to published reports.

A Suffolk County jury on Monday convicted Schulehuber of drug trafficking while
acquitting his wife of conspiring to help him.

After the verdict, chulehuber was rushed to the hospital after suffering a mild
heart attack. He is free on bail pending his Aug. 11 sentencing hearing.

-- LISA REDMOND

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060804-LZ-0804-Wilmington-bagel-king-witness-in-coke-raid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2006 The Sun


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 26, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

2 Men's Meeting of Mind and Spirit, in the 5th Grade

BYLINE: By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS

SECTION: Section B; Page 11; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Education Page

LENGTH: 1305 words


Max Weintraub grew up on the Lower East Side when it was still a predominantly
Jewish neighborhood, and spent a quiet career as the controller of a small
advertising agency, cultivating his rogue side with trips to Belmont race track.

After retiring, he joined a partnership to race horses at Belmont and Saratoga,
but it was not enough. Nostalgic for the old neighborhood and his lost youth, he
decided to volunteer in public school. And so he presented himself at Public
School 142, which sits on Delancey and Attorney Streets among a jumble of
tenements and undercapitalized stalls selling shoes, coats and bags in an area
that is now more Puerto Rican than Jewish.

Out of sheer serendipity, Mr. Weintraub, the cranky widower with a grown
daughter and a yen to do good, met his alter ego: Miguel Figueroa, a cranky
Puerto Rican, who became a teacher 28 years ago out of a desire to find an
alternative to serving in Vietnam and an urge to do good.

Mr. Weintraub remembers how it happened: "I said to the principal, 'I'm here to
help out.' He looked at me like I was from Mars. Miguel walked into the office
and the principal said, 'Hey, Miguel. You want somebody to help?' He said yes."

Seven years later, they are still together, curbing each other's excesses of
temperament and looking after fifth graders as if they were their own children.
"I was lucky," Mr. Weintraub said. Their partnership shows how it isn't always
grand ideas, like ending social promotion, that make schools better, and that
sometimes it can simply be two people working together, even if one is a
volunteer.

One day last month, Mr. Weintraub treated Mr. Figueroa's class to the circus. On
the way to Madison Square Garden, Mr. Figueroa, 53 years old, stocky and
crew-cut, and Mr. Weintraub, 78, jaunty in a plaid blazer but walking with a
slight limp, talked about their school in a way that made the outside world of
chancellors and politicians seem merely intrusive, if not irrelevant.

Mr. Figueroa has 37 children in his fifth-grade class, about 10 more than
average, not because the administration wants them there but because the parents
do. "The parents finagle," he said.

The class, Mr. Weintraub said, makes its own rules and socially holds itself
apart from the rest of the school, but it is happy that way. "We still think
that Rome governs," Mr. Figueroa declared, as if the barbarians were at the
gate. "The rest of the world is trying to get in at the gates. It's
house-to-house and we're the last house on the block. I'm an elitist, and
they're elitists."

As they passed the principal's office on their way out to the subway, a
secretary called Mr. Figueroa in to discuss plans for a school cheerleading
squad. He was outraged. "They can't read, and the answer is to put them in
clubs," he said. "Clubs should be a reward."

They walked half a block south, turning toward the F train station on Delancey.
As they passed a construction site, skirting mounds of dug-up sidewalk, Mr.
Figueroa cheerfully called out his version of a warning to tread carefully:
"This is a good sue!" he yelled. "Let's raise money for the school!"

Unlike other students at P.S. 142, the children in Mr. Figueroa's class do not
dare leave their navy uniforms at home. They maintained two straight rows as
they walked, as if they were being led by the nun in Ludwig Bemelmans's Madeline
books, and spoke in hushed tones. There was none of the usual rowdiness when
children go on class trips.

"Don't push," Mr. Figueroa cajoled, as the children squeezed through the iron
subway gate. "They'll say the Empire is coming to an end."

Mr. Figueroa boasted that his fifth graders (whom he also taught as fourth
graders) had scored higher on the state reading test than the sixth grade, even
his lowest-scoring students. How does he do it?

"The group," he replied. "Your score reflects the group. Your attitude reflects
the group. I've been told that my kids are conceited. But it's better that they
think well of themselves. They may be snobs. But they are smart snobs."

At Madison Square Garden, the students discovered they had front-row seats. "I
know the fellow at the Garden," Mr. Weintraub explained.

A girl stopped a vendor balancing a tray of snowcones on his head. "$6!" she
said in disbelief. "You get to take the cup home with you," the vendor said.
There were no takers. Mr. Weintraub bought everyone popcorn.

The ringleader announced that a clown would be shot out of a cannon. "Does it
hurt?" a girl fretted. Mr. Weintraub assured her that it would not be painful,
only smoky.

A group of Chinese women in pink rode out on bikes, balancing on shoulders and
knees, five to a single bike. "I can't even ride a bike," the girl sitting next
to Mr. Weintraub whispered.

In the classroom, Mr. Figueroa has his students reading "Jane Eyre." He chose
it, he said, because "it's a love story," and because it would help his students
understand inference.

"Two years ago they read 'The Odyssey,' " Mr. Weintraub recalled of an earlier
fifth-grade class. "That is not prescribed by the Board of Education. The
principal lets him do anything."

Mr. Figueroa often thinks about leaving teaching. His Vietnam War-era colleagues
are all eager to retire, he said. Teaching has changed. He and his generation
came into teaching with bachelor's degrees in liberal arts. Now, he said, many
teachers take mainly education courses.

He bemoans what he believes to be the results.

A colleague, he said, told her students that Antarctica was next to the North
Pole. "I told her, 'Honey, not even with continental drift.' " Another wrote
"toad" and "told" on the board as homonyms.

His students, he bragged, know the names of state capitals and rivers. He uses
the Spanish many of them hear at home and in the neighborhood to help them
understand Latin. If they speak to him in incomplete sentences, he makes them
start again, even when they ask to go to the bathroom.

The new educational standards are little more than window dressing for empty
rhetoric, he said. "My class always had standards." He lets them know: "By the
end of the year, you have to know this much." Content, he said, has been
devalued. "When we went to school, we were taught social studies, grammar.
There's no more content. Now the children have to be creative." Then he added,
"You can't create without knowledge."

Mr. Figueroa grew up in a tenement on Rivington Street, half a mile from the
tenement where Mr. Weintraub grew up on Jefferson Street. Mr. Figueroa's father
was a custodian at Teachers College who liked to read history, and his mother
was a garment worker who took her son on trips to admire the atmosphere in
department stores like Bloomingdale's and Altman's.

In a similar quest for a better life for his charges, Mr. Weintraub spends many
of his weekends escorting students uptown, not to department stores, but to the
test for Prep for Prep, a scholarship program for inner-city children.

On the day they went to the circus, the children were back at school in time to
have a late lunch of pizza, as Mr. Weintraub's treat, again. As he walked across
Delancey Street later, two young girls, former students, strolled up and linked
their arms through each of his. They joined him in a nearby coffee shop.

"He's very kind," said one of the girls, Dorian Birden, 11. "Sometimes I see
people taking advantage of him." In what way? "Well, one day he gave me a
Kit-Kat bar, and then everybody started asking him for Kit-Kats."

Mr. Weintraub asked them about their families. The girls started to answer, then
looked embarrassed in the presence of a stranger.

"It's like Max is a millionaire," Dorian said, as Mr. Weintraub went to fetch
her a coke. "But he really isn't."

"Is that what they said?" Mr. Weintraub said later, amused. "But I am."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Two products of the Lower East Side made common cause seven
years ago in the education of a fifth-grade class at Public School 142. As a
volunteer, Max Weintraub, above, treated the students of Miguel Figueroa, below,
to the circus and the subway ride to Madison Square Garden recently.
(Photographs by Ruby Washington/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

LIGHTNING IN A BOTTLE Capuano is latest Cashman pickup to spark Bombers

BYLINE: BY ROGER RUBIN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 852 words


Chris Capuano's first start in pinstripes didn't end with a Yankee victory on
Saturday. That doesn't mean it wasn't successful. The lefthander, acquired by
general manager Brian Cashman in a trade with the Rockies two days earlier, gave
the Bombers something they would take every time: six innings of two-run
pitching. More often than not, that would be the foundation for a win.

Capuano pitched in 28 games for the Red Sox and had a 4.55 ERA when Boston
released him at the beginning of the month and he hadn't yet gotten to pitch for
the Rockies. But for the Yankees he was quite good.

Of course he was.

It's not an absolute, but when the Yankees are involved in deals near the
trading deadline, they usually end up better than they look at first glance.
This is something to remember. There are names floating in the trade winds that
might not make the heart race - Chase Utley, Ryan Howard, Cliff Lee, Matt Kemp,
Bartolo Colon, Marlon Byrd - and not all of them are playing well. But that
doesn't mean they won't play well for the Yankees.

Ichiro Suzuki was flagging for the Mariners in 2012 before the Yankees traded
for him. He hit .322 the rest of the way for the Bombers and helped them reach
the postseason. Alfonso Soriano was unspectacular for the Cubs last season until
the Yanks got him in a deal. He hit 17 home runs in 58 games after the trade,
but the Yanks missed the playoffs. In 2006 Bobby Abreu was middling for the
Phillies and hit .330 over the final 58 games for the Bombers in a playoff
drive.

The story of this season isn't written yet, but you can see the power of the
pinstripes already. Brandon McCarthy struggled with Arizona, but is 2-0 with a
1.45 ERA in three starts with the Yanks. Chase Headley arrived from the Padres
this week and is hitting .368 with a game-winning RBI in his first five games as
a Bomber. It could be the same with Capuano and whomever else Cashman can
finagle. His midseason maneuvering to fill a lot of voids has been awfully good
so far.

"Coming from where they are coming from, they get here and they've got 50,000
people in the seats that want to see you win. It kind of ups your game, closer
David Robertson said. "This is a storied franchise, and when guys get here, they
are excited to be here and they want to play hard and prove themselves. That's
the biggest key when guys get traded over. They're geared up again. It's almost
like they get rejuvenated."

"It's coming to a team they feel has a good opportunity. You're fighting for
something in the months of July, August, September. I think that gets people
excited," manager Joe Girardi said. "But also it's being part of the New York
Yankees, the organization. There's a lot of tradition here. There's been a lot
of great players here. The fan support we get is great. So I think they get
excited about all those things.

"As long as they don't get caught up in expectations - they go out and be
themselves - players are usually OK."

That's what Capuano wanted to make sure of Saturday. The Yankees are trying to
make a move even though 80% of this year's original starting rotation - CC
Sabathia, Masahiro Tanaka, Ivan Nova and Michael Pineda - is on the disabled
list. Those are big shoes, and this is a club for whom October is not only
expected but demanded.

"To be on a team like the Yankees, that are in the hunt, it's more than I could
hope for," Capuano said. "I couldn't be more excited. I just tried to make sure
I stayed calm . . . today."

Maybe it's a little easier for a midseason acquisition to side-step the
expectations. Big free agent signings have all of the off-season and spring
training having hopes heaped upon them. The Yankees have enough big names that
no one arriving in July will be treated like a savior, and Brett Gardner
believes that helps the players the Yankees trade for.

"We're the Yankees, so we never need to be rescued," he said. "Just feel
energized to be in a pennant race, especially if you come from a team that's not
winning. Ichiro and Soriano and now Chase Headley - you bring them into this
positive environment and maybe it helps them get on a roll. They come in just
looking to make us a little better and they've stepped up."

This second-half surge into playoff position has come with excellent
top-to-bottom pitching. The Yankees offense is showing signs of life with Carlos
Beltran 10-for-32 with three home runs since the All-Star break and Brian McCann
9-for-33 with five RBI over the same span. Still the Yanks are averaging four
runs a game this season and look like they could use a lift. That will be
especially true if Mark Teixeira - the team leader in homers and RBI - is going
to miss more time with his injured lat.

McCann has been pressed into playing first base for the first time and he made a
costly miscue in the field in Saturday's loss. The Yanks need a productive bat
and maybe someone who could play first base or the outfield or both. Cashman has
the drive and financial might of the Yankees to get someone. When he does - be
it this month or next - don't worry about the statistics. Those don't always
tell what they'll do for the Yankees.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     February 6, 1987, Friday, City Edition

2 FOR THE TEEN SCREEN // Serious acting proves to be too much to ask for

BYLINE: THOMAS B. HARRISON

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; MOVIE REVIEW; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 942 words



Director Bob Clark says his new film, From the Hip, is "a comedy with    a lot
on its mind."

     At its best, From the Hip is a crude farce patterned after Norman
Jewison's 1979 film, ... And Justice for All, in which Al Pacino played    a
defense lawyer trapped in the vortex of the Maryland judicial system.

     The humor in From the Hip trades heavily on vulgarity: a day-long
hearing on the admissibility of a seven-letter epithet for sphincter; a
humming vibrator pulled from a startled prosecutor's briefcase. All of    which
reminds you of Clark's claim to fame, Porky's.

     We know what From the Hip is after from the opening scene, when    Judd
Nelson pours ice water on his sleeping girlfriend, Jo Ann    (Elizabeth
Perkins). Bob Clark wants yuks, and he spares no trick to    get them.

     Nelson plays a 25-year-old Boston lawyer named Robin "Stormy"    Weathers,
one year out of law school and bored with picking up the    scraps for his
firm's senior partners. Desperate for a court case,    Robin finagles his way
into a seemingly ordinary civil suit as counsel    for a bank president (Ed
Winter) who slugged a litigious colleague.

     Robin promptly turns the simple case into a First Amendment issue.

 Using the courtroom as a playground, Robin invokes William Faulkner,    G.B.
Shaw, and William Shakespeare in his defense. The judge (ably    played by Ray
Walston) grudgingly allows the unorthodox tactics, and    Robin makes his case.

     These early scenes are as much the property of Ed Winter as Judd    Nelson.

 Winter is well known as Col. Flagg from the MASH television    series, and he
did appear in the first two Porky's films. His spirited    performance here as a
man's man, who'd rather swing away than    negotiate, is a gem.

     Had From the Hip continued in this vein, its raw energy might've    carried
it past the screenplay, which Clark wrote with a real-life    Boston barrister,
David E. Kelley. (Kelley is the story editor for the    NBC dramatic series,
L.A. Law.)        However, the second half of the film is mostly dark shadows.
The    largest shadow of all belongs to Robin's new client, Dr. Douglas
Benoit, a literature professor at Boston U. Benoit is charged with the    savage
murder of a hooker who was blackmailing him, and he is suspected    of killing
her pimp as well.

     Benoit is described by one of Robin's colleagues as "a cross    between
Charles Manson and William Buckley," and John Hurt makes him    an unlikely
candidate for sympathy.

     Robin and his defense team start to have doubts. Is this fellow    capable
of slamming a claw hammer into a woman's skull? What are the    ethics of
defending someone you suspect is guilty?

     Benoit's defense belongs to Robin only because the senior members    of his
firm - played by Darren McGavin, Nancy Marchand, and Allan Arbus    - want him
to fail.

     Privately, Robin agonizes over right and wrong. He admits to Jo Ann    that
he loves the fame, the attention, the TV lights. But he wants to    be a hero,
too.

     "Let the truth come out," says Jo Ann. "That's what it's about,    isn't
it?"

     "In fairy tales," Robin replies.

     From the Hip is billed as a light-hearted romp for Judd Please see    'HIP'
3-D



 'Hip' from 1-D    Nelson, who probably will retain his teen-idol status despite
playing    an "older guy." It is far too serious, too often, and Judd has to
emote - and you know what that means: the Nasal Method, nostrils    a-flaring.

     The supporting cast has little to do except set the stage for the    star.
Clark makes disappointing use of the marvelous Elizabeth Perkins,    who plays
Nelson's loyal-to-a-fault girlfriend; and the director    actually wants us to
accept Dan Monahan ("Pee Wee" from Porky's) as a    lawyer.

     Hurt's quivery-psychotic performance as Benoit cannot seriously be
compared with his portrayal of the murderer Raskolnikov in the PBS    version of
Dostoevski's Crime and Punishment. Hurt nevertheless gives    an unsettling
performance. When he talks about the "absolute clarity"    that springs from the
"necessity" of murder, his fatigue-rimmed eyes    widen in excitement.

     Hurt seems incapable of a poor performance, although he has    appeared in
a few dreadful films (remember Partners?) I do wonder what    he will tell his
biographer about his film experience.

     "Let's see," he might say. "There was 10 Rillington Place. I    played
Richard Rich in A Man for All Seasons; I was Caligula in I,

 Claudius; and I was the Fool in Olivier's King Lear.

     "Oh, yes - I also made a movie with Judd Nelson. You remember, the
nostrils?"

 X X Cast: Judd Nelson, John Hurt, Elizabeth Perkins, Darren McGavin,    Nancy
Marchand    Director: Bob Clark    Screenplay: David E. Kelley, Bob Clark
Director of Photography:    Rating: PG (mild profanity)    Running Time: 111
minutes    Theaters: Pinellas: Movies at Clearwater, Movies at Pinellas Park,
Seminole 8, Sunshine Mall, Tri-City 8, Tyrone Square; Hillsborough:    Britton,
Northdale, University Collection    Excellent X X X X X

     Very good X X X X

     Good X X X

     Mediocre X X

     Poor X



LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Judd Nelson argues with Ray Walston and Darren McGavin in
From the Hip

                            Times Publishing Company


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Like her on Facebook;
Photographer Tanja Alexia Hollander is on a good old-fashioned portrait kick,
but she's taking her subjects from a thoroughly modern pool.

BYLINE: BOB KEYES Staff Writer

SECTION: AUDIENCE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 964 words


In 2009, contemporary Maine photographer Tanja Alexia Hollander took up
residency in France. She knew at the time that she had exhausted her pursuit of
landscape photography. The body of work that propelled her to an international
career - infinity-filled images of distant horizons that blur the demarcation
between land, sea and air - was behind her.

She didn't know what was next, and used her time in France to play and explore.
She made a lot of photographs of people in their homes, and when she returned to
the United States, she pursued the theme from her base in Auburn. She was
renovating her house at the time, and felt bound to her domicile both
practically and emotionally.

On New Year's Day 2010, Hollander made a list of things important to her,
including travel, home and friendship. When not working on her home, Hollander
made portraits of her closest friends and acquaintances.

The transformation from landscape photographer to portrait artist had begun. In
the fall, she mounted an exhibition of her work.

Some people liked it. Others, not so much.

''There was a lot of, 'I don't know why I should care about your friends,' ''
Hollander says. ''But I knew there was something there. I just didn't articulate
it very well.''

On New Year's Day 2011, it clicked.

Simultaneously, she was engaged in a live Facebook chat with a friend in India
while writing a letter to another friend deployed in Afghanistan.

The experience made her think about the intangible and sometimes miraculous
nature of friendship. We can't touch it, but we know when it is real. It can
survive time and distance, and is capable of sparking up in unexpected ways.

She asked herself, ''Is friendship something that can be photographed?''

Hollander has spent the year exploring that question. Since January, she has
immersed herself in a quest to photograph each of her 626 Facebook friends. That
number has topped 700 by now, but Hollander is focused on the core 626.

Her project, ''Are You Really My Friend: The Facebook Portrait Project'' has
taken Hollander to 11 states, where she has photographed more than 150 friends.
She blogs about her experience at facebookportrait project.com.

It's a huge effort that's likely to result in a book of some kind. But the grand
finale ''would be for my friends on Facebook to change their profile picture to
the picture I make of them,'' she said. ''I would love to finagle it so it's
simultaneous so it looks like an exhibition.''

Hollander's life has become singly focused. ''My days are pretty much driven by
the spreadsheet,'' she said. ''I was invited to a barbecue in Gray, and I pulled
up my spreadsheet to see who lives close by. 'OK, brunch in Cape Elizabeth? I
can do brunch,' and then I see who lives in the neighborhood.''

''The Facebook Portrait Project'' is further complicated by international
travel. Hollander will visit several European countries, New Zealand, Israel,
United Arab Emirates and India.

Especially if she can secure a grant or two, she thinks she can finish by next
summer. The Maine Arts Commission supported her early work with a Good Idea
Grant.

Some friends, she has not seen in 20 years. Other friends, she's never met.

''It's awkward to show up on someone's doorstep with a camera,'' she said. ''But
what I am realizing as I travel and as I meet people, one of the things that is
most striking to me is how generous people are. Which is the opposite of what
you would expect from a Facebook project. These people are real and genuine.
People have fed me and offered me a place to stay.''

This project, which started with an idea sparked by a quiet residency in the
French countryside, has led Hollander into the next phase of her career.

A St. Louis native, she moved to Portland as a teenager. She took photography
classes at Maine College of Art while still in high school, and earned her
bachelor's at Hampshire College in Massachusetts in 1994.

She has shown regularly in Maine, New York, Boston and elsewhere, and has twice
been selected for the Portland Museum of Art Biennial, winning a purchase prize
in 2007. She is a member of the Bakery Photographic Collective.

Hollander has traveled all over the world with her art, oftentimes in long
pursuit of a single theme. Her landscape photography sustained her for several
years and on many levels - intellectually, personally and professionally.

But just as she moved into landscape photography from another focus, she is
taking on portrait work with the same sense of wonder and naivete.

''The most exciting thing about photography is not always knowing what you are
going to get,'' she said. ''In school, my graduating thesis was self-portraits.
Then I went into more abstract work, which turned into the windows, and the
window work turned into the landscape.

''Each time I switched, it's because I sort of learned how to make the picture.
That's why I am sort of done with the landscapes. I knew the kind of light, knew
my exposure. I knew what would work and what would not. It wasn't challenging
anymore. If it's not challenging, I get bored. And if I get bored, there is no
point in making the work.''

Although she is still wading in and testing the waters, Hollander feels fully
committed to the Facebook project. In some ways, it has taken on a life of its
own: Hollander has turned her project into a bit of a travelogue.

Her blog provides updates on her work and whereabouts.

This project is all about efficiency. Hollander travels simply with carry-on
luggage and strives to remain non-invasive.

''I want people to be as natural as possible and to feel as comfortable as
possible,'' she says. ''Once you bring in lights and assistants, it adds a layer
between me and the person.''

Staff Writer Bob Keyes can be contacted at 791-6457 or:

bkeyes@pressherald.com

Twitter: pphbkeyes

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tanja Alexia Hollander photos/Courtesy of the artist
From ''Are You Really My Friend: The Facebook Portrait Project'' by Tanja Alexia
Hollander, from left, Angela Dufresne with Larry the dog, Brooklyn, N.Y.;
Alexandra Jaksons and Ezra Rogers, Brunswick; and Alexander Albregts and Richard
Davies, Boston.
Gabe Souza / Staff Photographer
Below: The photographer at home in Auburn.
Tanja Alexia Hollander photos
Daryl Fort of Portland, left, and Chris, Carla and Cadence Connor, San Diego,
Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 28, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Dissent in Sheinbein Case Has Md. Lawyers Talking;
Sending Son to Israel Backed as 'Forum Shopping'

BYLINE: Matthew Mosk, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 819 words


Few in Maryland's legal community were surprised this month when the state's
high court yanked the law license of Sol Sheinbein, the Montgomery County lawyer
who spirited his teenage son to Israel rather than see him face murder charges
in Maryland.

But it was the dissenting opinion written in the case that still has defense
lawyers buzzing. Two of the high court's seven judges called Sheinbein's actions
not only acceptable but comparable to U.S. Attorney General John D. Ashcroft's
decision to move the sniper suspects to Virginia for trial.

Sheinbein, whose son Samuel was tried and convicted in Israel, was merely "forum
shopping," the judges said, just as Ashcroft did by seeking out a court where
the sniper suspects would face the toughest penalties.

"If prosecutors are free to forum shop for a jurisdiction with more severe
penalties," wrote Judge John C. Eldridge, "the defense should not be punished
for sending the accused to a jurisdiction with less severe maximum penalties."

An Israeli court sentenced Samuel Sheinbein to 24 years for the 1997 slaying and
dismemberment of Alfredo Enrique Tello Jr. Sheinbein was 17 at the time of the
killing and could have faced a life sentence in Maryland.

To some defense lawyers, the 30-page opinion was a refreshing public endorsement
of the idea that they be allowed to take creative steps to find their clients
friendly audiences for trial, in much the same way prosecutors have used the
system to find unfriendly ones.

Annapolis defense lawyer Gill Cochran called the dissent "beautiful."

"They pointed out that this guy [Sol Sheinbein] did an honorable thing," Cochran
said. "He got his son a 24-year sentence, which is a hell of a lot better than
he would have gotten in Montgomery County. It's what defense attorneys are
duty-bound to do. Frankly, it was lawyering at its best."

John Kudel, a defense lawyer and past president of the Montgomery County Bar
Association, said he has seen prosecutors in the region forum-shop for years,
mostly to exploit the notoriously stern sensibilities of Virginia jurors and
judges.

And that's not just with such high-profile cases as the alleged snipers,
suspected Sept. 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui or Taliban sympathizer John
Walker Lindh, who all landed in courtrooms in Virginia.

If drugs sold in a Maryland community were smuggled through Dulles International
Airport, or in a car traveling up Interstate 95 through Virginia, Kudel said,
prosecutors would finagle their way back across the Potomac for those cases,
too.

"There's always been an imbalance," Kudel said. "The advantage always winds up
with the prosecution."

As Eldridge explained it in the Dec. 16 opinion, which was joined by Judge Irma
S. Raker, both Maryland and Israel had standing to prosecute Samuel Sheinbein.
Maryland's, of course, came because the slaying was committed in the state.
Israel, the judge wrote, "had jurisdiction to prosecute Samuel based on his
Israeli nationality . . . as any country maintains the right to control the
conduct of its citizens, regardless of where the conduct occurs."

By moving his son to Israel in advance of an arrest warrant, the opinion says,
Sol Sheinbein got the best possible venue for his client.

But others say Sheinbein dishonored his profession.

Georgetown University law professor Samuel Dash said Sheinbein's behavior should
not be excused under the guise of shrewd lawyering.

"It seems to me, if the father knew it was imminent his son would be arrested,
assisting him in leaving the jurisdiction probably would not be a legal offense,
but it would be an ethical offense," Dash said. "It would be wrong to say, as
the dissenters are saying here, you can feel free to move your client to another
jurisdiction if the police aren't knocking on the door."

Prosecutors rejected the comparison of Sheinbein's actions to Ashcroft's
decision to try the sniper suspects in Virginia.

"They're not even close to analogous situations," said Montgomery County State's
Attorney Douglas F. Gansler. "What Sheinbein's father did is, he knowingly and
willingly evaded the justice system."

Gansler said the key difference is that Maryland, unlike Israel, had a direct
interest in prosecuting Sheinbein, because it was Maryland's social contract
that he violated.

"Remember," Gansler said, "what Ashcroft did is, he had a variety of
jurisdictions to choose from, all of which had an interest in the case. All
those jurisdictions had their social contracts violated by the snipers.

"He kept them in a jurisdiction where there is an interest. He did not send them
to Texas, or China, or someplace that had no direct interest in the case, just
to get a tough sentence."

Of course, the legal debate is an academic exercise. Sol Sheinbein is living in
Israel, his son is in jail, and the opinion that has Maryland's legal community
buzzing was not a binding one but merely a dissent.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 15, 1994, Tuesday

Danger at the Helms

BYLINE: TOM TEEPEN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 19

LENGTH: 544 words


Republicans finessed the problem when they controlled the Senate in the early
'80s and Jesse Helms was in line to chair the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee.

Helms was itching to play with matches around the dry kindling of nuclear war,
but even hawkish Republicans balked at incineration as a political sport.

Helms was fobbed off into the chairmanship of the Agriculture Committee, where
he could grandstand for re-election by championing his North Carolina tobacco
sponsors.

No such saving ploy is in the works this time, and an anxious world can only
hope that Helms, a crotchety 73, will rise to the responsibilities of the
chairmanship.

If not, then for some idea of what foreign policy is in for, consider the case
of Robert Pastor.

Pastor was nominated this year by President Clinton as ambassador to Panama, but
even though most Senate Republicans supported the nomination - many quite
enthusiastically - Helms combined parliamentary guile and simple bullying to
block it.

If you could build an ambassador to Panama from scratch, you'd come up with
Pastor or someone pretty much like him.

Pastor has written nine books on foreign policy and Latin America. He has been a
political science professor at Emory University and director of Emory's Latin
American and Caribbean program.

Pastor serves as executive secretary of the Council of Freely Elected Heads of
Government, a group of former prime ministers and presidents that works to
secure democracy in the Americas. He was executive director of the Commission on
U.S.-Latin American Relations in the '70s.

Helms' main beef with Pastor is that he was director of Latin American and
Caribbean affairs on the National Security Council under President Carter. Helms
has never forgiven Carter for negotiating the Panama Canal Treaty, and now
Pastor is paying for it.

Then Pastor accompanied the U.S. delegation that prevented war in Haiti; indeed,
he was the unsung hero of the effort, according to Sen. Sam Nunn.

After Nunn, Jimmy Carter and Colin Powell had left, Pastor stayed behind for a
critical 36 hours, in tense and even dangerous circumstances, to see the
agreement through.

But Helms dislikes the Haiti policy and used that, too, to finagle further
delay.

When the committee finally did vote, it approved the nomination 16- 3. Most GOP
members concurred, including former chairman Richard Lugar of Indiana and
Pastor's home-state Republican, Paul Coverdell of Georgia.

Even then, Helms held the floor vote off until time ran out. Now the process
will have to be started all over again next year.

Meanwhile, though with an able nominee waiting and the Senate ready to confirm
him, U.S. interests in Panama are left in diplomatic limbo, just so Jesse Helms
can indulge what amounts to nothing more than a personal snit.

Maybe, as chairman, Helms will find statesmanship. Stranger things have
happened. Julia Roberts found Lyle Lovett.

But the ballots were still warm last week when Helms already could be heard
fantasizing aloud about, oh, withdrawing from Haiti and invading Cuba.

Alas, the Ag Committee chairmanship seems sewed up this time.

Tom Teepen is a national correspondent for Cox Newspapers. He is based in
Atlanta. His column appears Tuesdays and Sundays.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943220193

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 7, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PEROT RECEPTION SHOWS THE POWER OF MONEY

BYLINE: Clarence Page

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 536 words


WASHINGTON (REST) The perennial complaint by Communists, Socialists,
Libertarians, LaRouchies and other alternative political parties that they are
unfairly ignored has taken on new legitimacy, now that Ross Perot has been
invited to join the presidential debates while they have not.  Perot apparently
has no time, tolerance or temperament for the usual nuisances like primary
elections, party conventions and endless voyages to visit actual Americans,
shake real hands and consume endless helpings of bad food. Still, with
breathtaking conceit, he declares he is responding to ''the will of the American
people,'' before announcing he will not respond to the probing questions of
American reporters.  Most American people are telling pollsters Perot can best
serve them by staying out of the race. A CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll at the time
of his announcement showed Perot had dropped to a paltry 7 percent. If Perot's
formidable salesmanship can lift those numbers into the double digits, he will
do better than George C. Wallace or John B. Anderson did with their similar
third-party efforts. If not, he may not even make a respectable spoiler.
Nevertheless, President Bush couldn't wait for Perot's announcement to invite
Perot to join the proposed presidential debates. Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton
said, with considerably less enthusiasm, that he wouldn't stand in Perot's way,
either.  The Bush camp, grasping at straws, hopes a strong Perot candidacy will
shake the numbers loose and help Bush win. The Clinton camp, enjoying a
comfortable lead, was not pleased by Perot's new turn. But, after mercilessly
pummeling ''Chicken George'' for refusing to debate, Clinton could hardly walk
away from Bush's counter-challenge. Clinton had hoped to be seen on an equal
plane with the president; he now risks being brought down to the same level as
the indecisive, yet pompous Perot.  Unfortunately, Perot's presence trivializes
the debates. If Ross-come-lately has earned a place on the podium, other
so-called ''third parties'' might legitimately ask, why not they?  For one
thing, they've been around longer than Perot and probably will stay longer, too.
As former Democratic Sen. Eugene McCarthy recently wrote in USA Today, an
appropriate symbol for the Perot movement might be the aardvark, since like the
Perotistas, the aardvark evolved from no other animal and probably will not
evolve into any other animal. It always was and will be the aardvark.  So it is
with the Perot movement. It has no roots and most likely will bear no fruit.
Yet, Perot has been able to finagle himself into a position of remarkable
respect, ahead of other parties and movements. Why? The answer is a cause for
national embarrassment. It is because Perot is rich.  Wealth gives Perot the
ability to buy a campaign with all of its trappings - commercials, opinion polls
and organizers. Time magazine says it may have enabled his organization to buy
his book, ''We the People,'' onto the best-seller lists.  Debates should be
waged on the weight of great ideas, not great wallets.  Perot has ideas. Next
time, he should take the long route through public approval. Only cheats take
shortcuts.  Copyright 1992 Chicago Tribune

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            July 10, 2002, Wednesday

TRAP THESE RATS AND THEY'LL BITE

BYLINE: JOHN CRUDELE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 006

LENGTH: 450 words


LET'S say President Bush wanted to convince visitors that there was no dog poop
on the White House lawn, even though he knows Spot and Barney were just out
there.

What he wouldn't do is tell his guests to go roll around on the grass for a
little while and see what they find.

As necessary as Wall Street reform might be, it is not likely to restore
investor confidence in a stock market that has lost trillions of dollars of
value through corrupt practices.

In fact, the closer the government looks for wrongdoing, the more likely it is
to find some. And each new scandal will cause investors to become even more
skeptical of corporate America and Wall Street.

How much more wrongdoing is out there? Probably a lot, but nobody really knows.

It's sort of like rats in the subways. If you keep your eyes away from the
tracks, you'd think there weren't any.

And that makes subway riders feel a lot better.

Securities fraud is a lot like that - if you look too hard for the rats, you'll
unnerve people riding the train to wealth.

Put American business under a strong-enough microscope and you'll find some
nasty stuff.

Keep in mind that Enron, Adelphia, Global Crossing, WorldCom and others are
still - some more than others - ongoing businesses.

The government could search endlessly for all the fraud involved in dot-com
businesses that no longer exist but whose executives and co-conspirators are
sitting pretty atop their ill-gotten gains.

There are probably still thousands of accounting finagles to be uncovered -
involving stock-option accounting and corporate profits that were fiddled to
satisfy Wall Street, and initial-public-offering abuses that deprived regular
folks of so much dough that the true figure will never be determined.

I'm not suggesting that Washington shouldn't root out the offenders and send
them to jail after a flogging. And it doesn't mean Wall Street shouldn't be
forced to clean itself up.

But before we continue this purge, understand what we are getting into and what
we can expect.

Right now, there is an entire generation of investors who will probably swear
off the stock market for a long while.

The time to stop yesterday's corruption was when it was happening. Washington
didn't want to see the rats because they helped make a great economy and
wonderful climate in which to be re-elected.

Here's a suggestion from someone who doesn't roll around on lawns anymore.

Washington should kick a few more corporate butts just to show it can and then
focus its energy entirely on stopping future abuses.

Once the scandals are out of sight, investors and corporations might be able to
get their minds back on making money.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             July 16, 2005 Saturday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

BRIEFCASE

BYLINE: - Staff and Wire Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 854 words


Storm fears drive pump prices up

Fears of hurricane-related supply disruptions sent Southern California gasoline
prices rising this week for the fourth consecutive week, the Automobile Club of
Southern California reported Friday.

But prices could begin falling within a couple of weeks, according to the Auto
Club.

The average price of a gallon of self-serve regular unleaded gasoline in the Los
Angeles area was $2.571 Friday morning - 8 cents more than last week, 22 cents
more than last month and 35 cents more than at this time last year, the Auto
Club reported.

``The upward trend likely will persist another week, but there are signs that
our prices could be near a plateau,'' said Auto Club spokeswoman Carol Thorp.

Chains face fines in grape labeling

SACRAMENTO - Three grocery chains owned by Kroger Co. face fines of up to $3,000
per bag of Mexican-grown grapes they sold as California produce, state
agriculture officials said.

The investigation into the grapes mislabeled by Ralphs Grocery Co., Food 4 Less
and Foods Co. could take months to complete, the Department of Food and
Agriculture said. The three stores are all divisions of Cincinnati-based Kroger
Co.

Ralphs spokesman Terry O'Neil said fliers promoting the grapes as part of the
California Grown campaign were drafted several weeks early under assumptions the
stores would buy California grapes.

More brands tied to juice bacteria

WASHINGTON - Orchid Island Juice Co. on Friday expanded the list of brands
involved in its recall last week of unpasteurized orange juice that has been
linked to more than a dozen illnesses from possible salmonella contamination.

Fifteen cases of illness have been linked to the juice products in Michigan,
Ohio and Massachusetts from mid-May to June, the Food and Drug Administration
said.

At least 16 other states have reported illnesses involving the same strain of
salmonella, a germ that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections,
particularly in children and frail or elderly people, the agency said last week.
Those cases are being investigated for possible connections to the juice
products, the FDA said.

The recalled unpasteurized orange juice, with date codes of July 25 or earlier,
was sold under the following labels: Natalie's Orchid Island Juice Company,
Ultimate Juice, Albritton Fruit, Finagle A Bagel, Gourmet Garage, Kings Market,
Nino Salvaggio, Schnucks, Wegmans, Balducci's and Zabars.

Signs of rebound in manufacturing

WASHINGTON - Industrial production, helped by a jump in utility output, surged
in June at the fastest pace in 16 months, providing the strongest evidence yet
that U.S. manufacturing is rebounding.

Meanwhile, wholesale prices were flat last month, matching the benign
performance turned in by consumer prices during June.

Taken together, the two reports Friday helped to ease fears that manufacturing,
hardest hit in the 2001 recession, was in danger of faltering again or that
inflation, battered by high energy prices, was threatening to get out of hand.

New depression treatment OK'd

CHICAGO - Cyberonics Inc. received U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval
Friday for a pacemaker-like treatment for depression, the first such device.

The news comes after a long and twisted process that includes last year's FDA
decision to turn down the Houston-based company's application, despite an
earlier recommendation in favor of the device by an FDA panel of medical
experts.

Earlier this year, the FDA reversed course and told Cyberonics the product was
approvable, which in turn inspired an inquiry by the U.S. Senate Finance
Committee, which is ongoing.

Cyberonics' vagus nerve stimulation, or VNS, device for treatment- resistant
depression, or TRD, is the first implantable device approved in the United
States for treatment of depression.

Clothing chain's chief sells shares

WASHINGTON - As Abercrombie & Fitch Co. reported sizzling early summer sales
figures, the company's top executive was logging some sales of his own.

Since July 7, when the clothing chain reported better-than-expected June sales,
Chairman and Chief Executive Michael Jeffries has sold 1.44 million shares for
$104 million, according to regulatory filings.

The sales came from exercising 1.6 million stock options with strike prices of
$8 and $23.41 and selling most of the resulting shares for $70.75 to $73.80
apiece.

News Corp. ready to spin off Net unit

NEW YORK - News Corp., the media conglomerate controlled by Rupert Murdoch, is
launching a new unit grouping together the Internet properties owned by its Fox
entertainment, news and sports businesses.

The new unit, to be called Fox Interactive Media, will be headed by Ross
Levinsohn, formerly chief of Fox's online sports business. In addition to
sports, the group will also oversee the online operations of the Fox television
network, cable TV's Fox News Channel and the Web sites of Fox's local TV
stations.

The division will coordinate back-office functions such as advertising sales
across the Web sites, and also make it easier for browsers to move from one
Fox-owned site to another, personalize what they see and get access to a greater
variety of content.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 20, 2008 Sunday

A DEEPER SHADE OF GREEN

BYLINE: COLETTE BANCROFT, Times Book Editor

SECTION: LATITUDES; Pg. 10L

LENGTH: 648 words



HIGHLIGHT: Goats, gardens and greasy gas help the author of Farewell, My Subaru
cut his carbon footprint.


With Earth Day coming up Tuesday, many of us are thinking about the impact we
have on the planet. While we might be replacing our incandescent light bulbs and
vowing to take those reusable totes every time we go shopping, Doug Fine has
been going a little further.

Right off the grid, in fact, to a New Mexico ranch powered by solar panels and a
vehicle that runs on leftover cooking oil from Chinese restaurants.

I think I'm eating locally if I choose Florida tangerines over California's at
the supermarket. Fine's version is to set up an Israeli-designed desert
irrigation system and plant his own chard and peas - and spend half his waking
hours persuading his goats and chickens not to eat them.

The rest of the time, he's trying to persuade a coyote he dubs Dick Cheney
(because it strikes from an undisclosed location) not to eat the goats and
chickens.

Fine's new book, Farewell, My Subaru, is an antic and engaging account of one
man's giant step toward a smaller carbon footprint.

A regular contributor to NPR, Fine has written for the Washington Post, Wired,
Salon and Outside. Reporting has taken him to remote locations and war zones in
Tajikistan, Rwanda and Laos. His first book, Not Really an Alaskan Mountain Man,
was about his time in rural Alaska, which included encounters with angry moose
and polar bears.

Fine, raised in New York suburbs "on concrete and Domino's pizzas," decided a
few years ago "to see if I could get oil out of my life and still live like an
American."

No monkish scold, he writes, "I like my Netflix, wireless e-mail, and booming
subwoofers. In fact, I didn't want to live without them. I just wanted to power
them by the sun."

Farewell, My Subaru details his efforts. The title refers to the
petroleum-powered car he gives up in favor of a Ridiculously Oversized American
Truck - ROAT for short - because the ROAT can more easily be converted to run on
recycled vegetable oil, which he finagles from Chinese restaurants in Silver
City. (He ends up with chronic munchies from the kung pao chicken-scented
exhaust.)

Silver City is the nearest town to his property, which Fine names the Funky
Butte Ranch. The ranch is fairly remote, although maybe not for long: "Despite
our distance from Santa Fe and Taos, we already had enough Californicators
seeking dream houses to ensure that mine is the first county in history where a
majority of the population are Realtors."

Looking for a way to feed his most serious addiction - ice cream - he shops on
Craigslist for goats. Soon he is the doting owner of a pair of tiny,
irresistible kids he names Natalie and Melissa (as in Merchant and Etheridge).

Their first night home, Fine puts them in their new corral and goes to bed. The
coyotes begin to howl, no doubt celebrating the buffet. He totes his sleeping
bag out to the corral, and "out came my shotgun. It was strange and weighty in
my hands, which made me feel like Elmer Fudd."

The Pan Sisters, as Fine calls them, survive and prove to be companionable,
smart and obsessed with eating his rose bushes. His other companions include the
human neighbors, who range from old-school ranchers with lots of wise advice to
crunchy green types who, as Fine puts it, think Bob Marley was a little too much
of a teetotaler.

Fine would probably find it much tougher to pass up a wisecrack than give up
fossil fuels, but he has a serious point to make: Every choice we make counts.

Even though he goes to much greater extremes than most of us might in pursuit of
living green, Fine readily admits he's far from perfect. Changing the way we
live is not a single decision but a learning process, and Farewell, My Subaru
makes clear that process can be a challenge - and a hoot.

Colette Bancroft can be reached at (727) 893-8435 or cbancroft@sptimes.com

Farewell, My Subaru: An Epic Adventure in Local Living - By Doug Fine - Villard,
210 pages, $24 - On the Web: www.dougfine.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 11, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

'Off the Map': Treasure It

BYLINE: Desson Thomson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Weekend; T33

LENGTH: 624 words


"OFF THE MAP" doesn't just glow because of New Mexico's achingly gorgeous
sunsets. There's a collective scintillation about its rich, distinctive
characters, narrative serendipity and ineffable magic. Watching this, you're
hard-pressed to think of life as anything but an existential go-round of
whimsical circumstance, breathtaking vistas and eternal good luck.

Perhaps it's best to enter the story (which Joan Ackermann adapted from her
play) the way William Gibbs does. The eccentric IRS agent (played by a
wonderfully bumbling Jim True-Frost) has been dispatched to collect back taxes
from the Grodens, who live somewhere in the New Mexico desert. It takes him four
days to find their place. But when he does, it's the discovery of a lifetime: a
house full of unforgettable souls living without a telephone, plumbing or money.
And yet, they lack for nothing. They are living, it seems, on life itself.

William's first image is that of Arlene (Joan Allen), an oddly alluring woman at
work in her garden. At that moment she is gazing rapturously at a coyote that is
standing completely still. She's also wearing no clothes. William is stunned  --
and stung, too. Intensely allergic to bee stings, he's forced to recuperate in
the house of the people he intends to take money from.   And when he emerges
from a fever dream of several days, he realizes he's done with Uncle Sam, and
he's in love with everything: this land, this woman and her family, including
her husband Charley (Sam Elliott), and precocious 12-year-old daughter Bo
(Valentina de Angelis).

"Mr. Gibbs," Arlene informs him without a trace of over-romanticism in her tone,
"New Mexico is a very powerful place."

While William comes to terms with his newfound consciousness, the family is busy
weathering its own in-house contretemps. Charley has become clinically
depressed.  He stares gloomily into the middle distance for hours. And without
warning, he frequently breaks into tears. It has been a long time. Too long. So
Arlene prevails on Charley's loner friend George (J.K. Simmons) to finagle
antidepressants from his psychiatrist. The deed is finally done. The pills sit
in front of Charley. But he doesn't do medicine.

"You'd better take it, Dad," Bo tells her father. "Because if you don't, we're
going to stick it in your food."

Will Charley pop those meds and get out of his funk? Does William ever intend to
report back to Uncle Sam? Is Bo really going through with her plan to acquire a
major credit card and spend, spend, spend? And why does a boat seem to be
sailing through New Mexico's dusty landscape?

Actor-turned-director Campbell Scott (he also helmed "Big Night" with Stanley
Tucci, a TV production of "Hamlet" and "Final") brings these elements
harmonically and entertainingly together. And he reaps the pure best out of his
actors. De Angelis is a mischievous charm without being bratty and obnoxious
--   a stunning little actress. Allen is her own subtle force, a sort of
laid-back shaman priestess of this magic-realism universe. And it's a sensual
treat to watch the rugged Simmons and Elliott having so much time on screen.
Watching them, together and apart, you may never want to waste your time with
A-list "stars" again. This is charisma. This is talent. This is presence. And
one scene, in which Charley runs miles and miles to George's house, forces his
friend to wrestle and, well, let's save the details, will bring tears to your
eyes. To watch "Off the Map" is to enter a lowercase paradise, where the
treasures may not be evident at first. All you have to do is squint a little to
find them.

OFF THE MAP (PG-13, 111 minutes)  --  Contains nudity, obscenity and one
impromptu wrestling match. At Loews Cineplex Dupont Circle.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Intermountain News (Burney, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 29, 2015

Advice to the travel weary vacationer

BYLINE: The Intermountain News staff

LENGTH: 574  words


Summer is usually a busy time, with everybody engaging in one of the great
American activities. According to the overwhelming number of citizens, no summer
is actually official until every American pursues this activity vigorously. Of
course, I am referring to summer family vacation.

Our American government guarantees its citizens the right to "life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness." This is the great American dream, drawing people from
all over the world to our shores. Once they become full-fledged American
citizens, they then dream of taking a summer vacation to Italy or France.

Since the "pursuit of happiness" is the annual summer vacation, I thought it
might be beneficial if I offered, out of my vast years of experience, some
advice to my fellow vacationers on this crucial subject. After all, somebody
needs to learn from my mistakes; I am not sure I have.

Every family vacationer consists of two categories; those who plan the vacation
and those who fund the vacation.

The difference is obvious. If you plan a vacation, you are not required to fund
it. If you fund the vacation, you have no say in the planning.

If your responsibility is to fund the family vacation, there are certain things
you are not allowed to say to those who are planning said vacation. For one, the
sponsor of the vacation is never allowed to mention the word "budget." Nothing
kills the exuberant spirit of the vacation planner than mentioning that foul
word "budget."

If you insist on interjecting the concept of budget to the summer vacation, you
might as well stay at home. Now, if you exercise this option, be prepared to
endure the worst summer of your life. The entire cast of your family will work
together to make you regret this option. They will find ways to finagle money
out of you throughout the summer, far exceeding what you would have spent on the
vacation, which brings the curtain down on your precious budget.

I know when the first mention of the concept comes up in the family discussion,
immediately you might think to yourself, "is it really worth it?"

I have wrestled with this question for many years. Every annual two-week
vacation takes six months to prepare, five months and two weeks to recover,
along with the mysterious disappearance of a full year's salary. Following the
vacation there is no logical explanation as to where that money went.

After years of financing the annual summer vacation, I have concluded that fun
is expensive. I have found no way of getting around this truth.

On the other hand, grumpy is free. Lately, I have been leaning toward grumpy.

Summer vacations are necessary and a person just has to learn to deal with it
and make the most of it, or the least of it, depending on your perspective.

Everybody needs to get away and rest. Even Jesus understood this concept.

He invites us to "Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I
will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and
lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and
my burden is light" (Matthew 11:28-30).

The best thing about the "rest" Jesus offers is he has already paid for it. Now
I can really enjoy that vacation.

Rev. James L. Snyder is pastor of the Family of God Fellowship, PO Box 831313,
Ocala, FL 34483. He lives with his wife, Martha, in Silver Springs Shores. Call
him at 1-866-552-2543 or e-mail jamessnyder2@att.net or website
www.jamessnyderministries.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IMN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Intermountain News


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           February 2, 1991, Saturday

Braves substitute silliness for substance in signing of Sanders

BYLINE: By Terence Mooreatlanta/braves; baseball; atlanta/falcons; football;
personalities; contracts; opinion

SECTION: SPORTS; SECTION D; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 608 words


Just when you think the ghost of silliness has been exorcised from the front
offices of the Atlanta Braves, along comes a one-year contract for $ 650,000 to
an outfielder with maybe an average arm, a shaky relationship with fly balls and
a lifetime batting average of .178.

The guy can run, though.

What a joke.

For all the good that Braves general manager John Schuerholz has done during his
four months on the job, he regressed a bunch this week by making Deion Sanders
the richest player in the history of the AAA Richmond Braves.

The silliest of the silliness from Braves management in regards to Sanders is
yet to come.

You have to believe that Sanders won't be riding minor-league buses long, not
for that kind of money. You also have to believe that Sanders made the Braves
promise that he'll make the major league roster sometime before he joins the
Falcons when his baseball contract expires on July 31.

Mostly, you have to believe that, even though the Braves have ended their
infatuation with mascots, they still don't understand that substance beats style
every time when it comes to attracting spectators.

Sanders is style.

There is substance throughout the Braves' outfield in Lonnie Smith, Ron Gant and
Dave Justice. And, given Schuerholz's many dips into Ted Turner's vault, there
is substance elsewhere on the Braves' roster.

Now the Braves have Sanders, a gifted athlete, who nevertheless has spent most
of his time as a professional doing more damage with his mouth than with his
tackling or hitting (we're talking in football and baseball).

Although Sanders has the potential to become sensational at football, baseball
or both, there are many guys with such potential. Unfortunately for Sanders, and
for his teams and Atlanta fans, he will never excel at either sport if he
continues to make football his near full-time profession while wearing baseball
spikes during his summer vacation.

We'll start with the Falcons' gaffe. The Falcons were so giddy to draft Sande rs
in 1989 as their cornerback of the present and future that they didn't include
anything in his contract to prevent him from playing baseball.

So, after Sanders took the Falcons' $ 4.4 million for four years, he returned to
the New York Yankees organization last season to continue to earn much for
little.

Sanders isn't at fault here. If he also can finagle a way to play for the Hawks
and the Attack, so be it. You have to marvel at his ability to make saps out of
executives of pro franchises on a consistent basis.

While with the Yankees, Sanders drifted between AAA Columbus and the majors,
depending on when former Yankees owner George Steinbrenner thought he needed
something to increase the dwindling crowds at Yankee Stadium.

Sanders was overmatched by major league pitching, and when it came to making a
routine out of the routine catch, Sanders wasn't the guy. But he was fast and
different, a mighty combination for Steinbrenner.

In fact, near the end of Steinbrenner's Yankees reign, he offered Sanders nearly
$ 2.1 million to return this season. One Yankees player responded to the news by
saying, "I almost vomited on my shoes."

After much criticism from others in baseball, Steinbrenner withdrew his offer to
Sanders. Then, when the Yankees couldn't trade Sanders, they released him.

Three teams eventually showed interest in Sanders. In addition to the Braves,
there were the Toronto Blue Jays and the Chicago White Sox, both wanting Sanders
to spend a mighty stretch in the minors in search of substance.

We already told you what the Braves want from Sanders.

Too bad.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday
                                Michigan Edition

ND looking for a better rhythm with schedules

BYLINE: By ERIC HANSEN, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: COLLEGE FOOTBALL GAMEDAY; Pg. W2

LENGTH: 1531 words


SOUTH BEND -- Gene Corrigan had long packed up his pencils and portraits and
moved out of the Joyce Center before the idea of today's football game between
11th-ranked Notre Dame (7-1) and North Carolina (1-7) was put on a contract.

It actually came to life during current Texas coach Mack Brown's final two
seasons at UNC -- 1996 and '97 -- when the Tar Heels went 10-2 and 11-1,
respectively.

"It's difficult to project sometimes," said Corrigan, ND's athletic director
from 1981-87, a former longtime commissioner of the ACC and currently a
consultant to conferences and individual schools. "I'm not sure anyone saw this
coming."

This, being a lose-lose situation. If the Irish rout the Tar Heels today -- and
the largest margin of victory in the Charlie Weis Era (26) is smaller than
today's point spread (28) -- the nation yawns.

If North Carolina pulls the upset, as it almost did against ranked Rutgers
(21-16) and Wake Forest (24-17) teams, the Irish plummet from BCS contention. If
something in between happens, ND's schedule stretch of Navy-North Carolina-Air
Force-Army gets the Paris Hilton treatment -- overexposed, overanalyzed,
overplayed.

And justifiably so.

"I see the same thing you see," Corrigan said.

So likely does current Irish athletic director Kevin White, though navigating
through the business and politics of Notre Dame being a football independent
constricts his voice in public comments to read like prepared statements.

And he'll see it again in 2007, when the Irish finish with a stretch of Navy,
Air Force, Duke and Stanford -- while conference teams are playing marquee games
that earn them style points in the human polls and real ones from the BCS
computers.

Currently ND's schedule to-date rates a more-than-respectable 13th-toughest in
Sagarin and 12th using the NCAA's formula. But projected over the entire season,
the NCAA rank falls to 50th -- worst among the BCS' top 12 -- and that includes
the USC game Nov. 25.

Still, it's more the rhythm of the schedule than the actual opponents that cost
ND perceptually. And perception is everything in the human polls, which
constitute two-thirds of the BCS formula.

The Irish clearly need more heavyweights late and fewer national confrontations
in September. Yet the earliest White said that ND can start to finagle dates is
2009. That's the same year the Irish move into their new 7-4-1 format -- seven
home games, four road games and an off-site game that acts as a home game in
terms of television (read NBC) and revenue.

"It's not going to be an easy fix," Corrigan said, "because it's dependent on
the Big Ten letting you move some of those games into October. And their
scheduling philosophy is simply not to do that."

In fact, during Corrigan's time it got to the point where he seriously
considered dropping a couple of Big Ten schools because of the inflexibility.

"Hell, we were filling their stadiums," Corrigan said. "I didn't think we needed
to play so many. I didn't think we needed to win the conference. It's not like
they were going to let us go to the Rose Bowl. The one team we never thought
about dropping, though, was Purdue, because Purdue has always stuck by Notre
Dame."

The hope is that with the introduction of the 12th regular-season game this
year, and Big Ten teams having to play some non-conference games in October and
November in what were formerly bye weeks, the league's receptivity to a later
Irish clash might seem more palatable.

There's also the option of Notre Dame buying games -- paying teams a fee to come
to ND Stadium in November without a return trip attached.

"There's no easy answers," Corrigan said. "As an athletic director, you just
don't schedule games and hope it works out for the next guy. In fact, if one of
my grandchildren hadn't gotten sick, I probably would have retired at Notre
Dame. I mean the ACC commissioner was a good job, but I had already turned it
down a couple of times.

"But no matter how long I was going to be there, what (then-associate athletic
director) Roger Valdiserri and I tried to do was make sure we always had key
games against key people. We wanted to play the Big Ten, but we also wanted to
get into every section of the country from time to time. We didn't want to play
dogs. I still think that's what Notre Dame wants to do today. They just want to
do it in an order that makes more sense."

Rise and shine

Irish senior tight end John Carlson has gone from a pleasant surprise to someone
kicking around in the All-America discussion.

The first-year starter has moved into first place among tight ends nationally in
receiving yards per game (66.1). And he's also on pace to threaten or pass
former Irish All-America tight end Ken MacAfee's single-season records.

With 37 receptions and four regular-season games left, Carlson is already fourth
on the single-season list and would end up with 56 catches at his current pace
-- two more than MacAfee had in 1977. And with 529 receiving yards, he is
already third and would fall less than four yards short (793.4) of MacAfee's
school-record 797.

However, it should be pointed out that bowl games are now counted in
single-season and career records, a relatively recent development in
record-keeping.

"I really hadn't thought about (comparing them)," Weis said of Carlson and
MacAfee, the latter a classmate of Weis' when he was an ND student. "But they
both have soft hands. The difference is Ken had been playing all along. It
wasn't like he was a fourth-year player and, boom, you come onto the scene. I
think John is one of those guys I've kind of singled out on the team that's been
on the rise all year long."

Weis through 20

Here's how Weis compares historically to the other Irish head football coaches
through their first 20 games (neutral-site games not included in breakdown):

Knute Rockne (17-1-2 overall): 7-0-1 at home, 9-1-1 on the road, n/a vs. ranked
opponents.

Jesse Harper (17-3 overall): 9-0 at home, 6-3 on the road, n/a vs. ranked
opponents.

Terry Brennan (17-3 overall): 8-1 at home, 9-1 on the road, 6-2 vs. ranked
opponents.

Ara Parseghian (16-3-1 overall): 9-1 at home, 5-2-1 on the road, 1-2 vs. ranked
opponents.

Frank Leahy (15-2-3 overall): 7-2 at home, 5-0-1 on the road, 5-1-1 vs. ranked
opponents.

Charlie Weis (16-4 overall): 8-3 at home, 7-0 on the road, 4-3 vs. ranked
opponents.

Elmer Layden (15-4-1 overall): 8-2 at home, 5-1 on the road, n/a vs. ranked
opponents.

Dan Devine (15-5 overall): 6-3 at home, 7-2 on the road, 3-3 vs. ranked
opponents.

Hunk Anderson (14-4-2 overall): 4-2 at home, 7-1-1 on the road, n/a vs. ranked
opponents.

Lou Holtz (13-7 overall): 8-3 at home, 4-4 on the road, 4-6 vs. ranked
opponents.

Bob Davie (13-7 overall): 9-2 at home, 4-4 on the road, 3-5 vs. ranked
opponents.

Tyrone Willingham (12-8 overall): 8-4 at home, 5-3 on the road, 5-6 vs. ranked
opponents.

Gerry Faust (11-8-1 overall): 7-4 at home, 3-4-1 on the road, 3-7 vs. ranked
opponents.

Joe Kuharich (7-13 overall): 4-6 at home, 3-6 on the road, 2-5 vs. ranked
opponents.

Squibs

Notre Dame senior quarterback Brady Quinn heads into today's game with a
school-record 169 consecutive pass attempts without an interception. The NCAA
record is 271 by Fresno State's Trent Dilfer, set in 1993.

Irish sophomore wide receiver D.J. Hord, who suffered a season-ending foot
injury before the season even started, is beginning to finally move toward
more-taxing activities than riding the exercise bike during practice.

"He's actually starting to run pretty well," Weis said. "We're hoping to have
him practicing in the postseason -- in that month between the end of the regular
season and the bowl game."

Notre Dame has stopped recruiting Detroit defensive tackle Joe Barksdale,
according to CSTV recruiting analyst Tom Lemming.

"Notre Dame dropped him and decided to move on," Lemming said. "They've moved on
to other defensive tackles."

Notre Dame senior punter Geoff Price has been selected as a semifinalist for the
Ray Guy Award, which identifies the nation's top Div. I-A collegiate punter.
Price is one of 10 semifinalists chosen from a list of 47 punters that were
originally nominated. The winner will be announced Dec. 7.

Price is in the midst of a stellar season despite the fact he entered the season
with only two career punts. Price ranks fifth in the NCAA in punting, averaging
45.3 yards per punt and has helped the Irish rank ninth in net punting at 38.7
yards per punt.

North Carolina place-kicker Connor Barth is one of two kickers nationally to
have made all of his field goal attempts this season (6-for-6). Virginia Tech's
Brandon Pace is the other (10-for-10).

Today marks the Tar Heels' first visit to Notre Dame since 1971, outgoing coach
John Bunting's senior season at UNC. In that game, a 16-0 Irish victory, Bunting
recorded 20 tackles as a linebacker in what he recently called "the best game I
ever played."

North Carolina's lone win in the first 16 games of the series is a 12-7 decision
in 1960.

John Gutekunst, who succeeded Lou Holtz as head coach at Minnesota when Holtz
left that program to come to Notre Dame in 1986, is North Carolina's tight ends
coach and assistant head coach.

Staff writer Eric Hansen: ehansen@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6470

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On schedule Here's how the schedules of the top 25 football teams in
the BCS are rated in the following ways: 1) Sagarin computer rankings to dale;
2) NCAA to date; 3) NCAA cumulatively, taking into account both teams played and
future opponents:         Sag N/TD N/Cm  1. Ohio State 23 10 22  2. Michigan 16
6 4  3. West Virginia 89 97 18  4. Florida 8 2 6  5. Louisville 70 77 24  6..
Auburn 26 36 20  7. Texas 48 27 11  8. USC 1 7 8  9. Notre Dame 13 12 50  10.
California 2 5 36  11. Tennessee 15 10 9  12. Rutgers 97 54 33  13. Arkansas 98
54 49  14. Boise State 92 80 96  15. Boston Coll. 41 14 21  16. Wisconsin 77 72
70  17. LSU 46 54 34  18. Oklahoma 28 40 31  19. Clemson 69 62 60  20. Ga. Tech
60 1 52  21. Texas A&M 101 76 26  22. Oregon 9 43 48  23. Wash St. 6 15 32  24.
Wake Forest 104 114 81  25. La. Tech 63 48 35

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 12, 1989, SATURDAY, THREE STAR Edition

KOPPEL'S DAUGHTER CHOOSES DAD'S CAREER

BYLINE: Mary Corey 1989, The Baltimore Sun

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 1600 words


BALTIMORE (REST) TED KOPPEL'S daughter.'' For nearly as long as Andrea Koppel
can remember, she has been introduced that way.  And six months at ABC affiliate
WJZ-TV in Baltimore hasn't changed that, the 25-year-old reporter learned while
covering a recent Chinese student rally.  ''Ted Koppel's daughter?'' an
incredulous student asked, a tone of reverence creeping into his voice. Despite
slowly carving out her own niche here, she once again had found herself
relegated to the ''daughter of'' status.  ''It's interesting to be Ted Koppel's
daughter, but that's not all I'm about,'' she said after the rally. ''I'd like
to be known as my own person.'' Then, mocking a newsman's enunciated baritone,
she quipped: ''But they expect me to act like Ted Koppel's daughter.'' And how
does Ted Koppel's daughter act?  Just like everybody else, say friends and
employers. They describe her as down-to-earth, enthusiastic, bright and curious.
She is willing to pay her dues, they say, and wants to avoid capitalizing on a
last name that spells respectability in TV news circles. In essence, her actions
seem to say: no preferential treatment required.  Sounding more like a proud
father than a hard-nosed ''Nightline'' host, Ted Koppel says, ''I'm a biased
viewer, but I think she's coming along very well.'' Natalea Brown, news director
of WJZ-TV, acknowledges, however, that if Andrea Koppel's last name had been
Smith, the young reporter with less than three years' experience in radio news
probably wouldn't have been granted an interview. ''You do have the advantage in
interviews,'' the younger Koppel concedes.  ''But when you get the job, you have
to prove yourself.'' Proving herself at WJZ has meant demonstrating enthusiasm
and innovation more often than the no-nonsense style of her father.  It was
during one of Koppel's first telecasts that Brown knew the former radio reporter
had the affable style to make it in local TV.  As the season's first snowstorm
loomed, she was teased by colleagues about covering the event, which inevitably
would find her on the 41st Street bridge - a rite of passage for WJZ's newest
reporter.  But Koppel showed up on the bridge, and on the air, seated at a
breakfast table she had set up, eating croissants and drinking coffee amid
falling snowflakes.  ''I was totally surprised,'' Brown recalled. ''It showed a
lot of creativity and humor and a lot of moxie for someone who was there only
three weeks. After that, I knew she was not a miniature version of her dad.''
Originally hired as a reporter for the 4 a.m.-to-noon shift, where most of her
work airs on the noon telecast, she sometimes finagles assignments that keep her
working until 5 or 6 p.m. ''The words of advice I most often give Andrea are 'go
home,' '' Brown says.  oq sf Her zeal has not kept her from making mistakes,
such as missing her deadline on a news story in which a man had barricaded his
dead wife and frightened neighbors in an apartment.  It was supposed to open the
6 p.m. broadcast, but Koppel was three minutes late editing the segment. The
delay meant the difference between getting prime placement and being buried.
While there have been gaffes, there also have been successes. Brown lauds
Koppel's coverage of a recent house fire, where she managed to convey the story
through two shots: one of the mantel, where family portraits lay among the
rubble, and another of the family dog, which wagged its tail in the charred
kitchen.  If it means sitting in the Batmobile, hopping across lily pads at the
zoo o r befriending a dog that sits in a golf cart, she comes back to the
station with the goods.  Her father sees these light news stories as good
experience for his daughter, who he describes as a ''real rookie.'' ''If you can
handle those dumb feature stories with any dignity, then you can handle others
later on,'' he said.  For much of her life, she, her three younger siblings and
her mother, a lawyer, followed their journalist father from New York to Egypt to
points around the globe. Despite seeing the thrills of journalism firsthand,
Andrea Koppel never thought of pursuing a career in television news.  ''I didn't
want people thinking I was just doing it because of my dad. I almost convinced
myself it (wasn't a possibility because of him.'' She attended high school in
Bethesda, Md., where she was the editorial page editor of the student newspaper.
After graduating in 1981, she went on to Middlebury, where she majored in
political science with a concentration in Chinese, a love she developed while in
Hong Kong (she also is fluent in French). While attending college, she spent
part of her junior year in Taiwan and was hired as a translator for ABC News
during President Reagan's trip to China. She spent several summers working for
the network as a videotape editor and assignment desk assistant. By graduation
in 1985, she was directing the student radio station.  After getting her degree,
she accepted a position with an American trade and finance company in Beijing.
Enticed by the adventures of foreign correspondents she met, she returned home
six months later to pursue a career in broadcast journalism.  ''My first
reaction was to warn her not to get involved in this business if what she was
after was fame and money,'' Ted Koppel said.  In 1986, however, Koppel called
the general manager of WTOP-AM in Washington to ask that his daughter be
interviewed.  Holland Cooke, the radio station's operations manager, recalls
saying to Andrea Koppel: ''There's rough sledding ahead. This isn't normal
living.  Don't make plans for Christmas, and don't make plans for Easter or the
Fourth of July.  ''She was nodding her head the whole time and saying, 'You
bet.' '' Lack of experience, however, prevented her from landing the job. Six
months later, after working for WLTR in Columbia, S.C., she interviewed again
with WTOP, where she ended up working for 22 months as a radio reporter, editor
and anchor.  Ready for a new challenge, she began sending her resume to local TV
stations. Although Koppel thought the initial interview with WJZ-TV was a
failure, Brown was contemplating taking a chance on a young reporter with no
real TV experience. Near Christmas, Koppel got the job.  ''I'm very lucky. I am
doing exactly what I want to be doing,'' she said.  ''For now, I just want to be
the best reporter I can be.''

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday

SECTION: Pg. 113

LENGTH: 869  words


TRACK GOOD(3)

1-BAILEYS GLIDE 3YO MDN 1400m:1.24 fav CASSINI CONTEST (b f 3y Danehill Dancer
(IRE) - Ela Cassini (IRE). Trainer: John Thompson) 59.5 (J Byrne) 1, 17.00
CRAIGLEA ROCKET 54 (K Wharton) 2, 51.00 UNLUCKYFORSUM 54 (Daniel Griffin) 3.
Then followed: 15.00 Cangrande 9.00 Coconut Lass 4.40 Shadow Star 13.00
Whataweapon last. Scr: La Pinot. 2 len, 5 len. Time: 1:27.75. (Last 600m 36.65).

2-UDL 2YO HCP 1400m:7.00 RUN FOR LEVI (ch c 2y Hussonet (USA) - Madam Bligh.
Trainer: John Thompson) 55 (R Mc Mahon) 1, 1.55 fav CASTLE EXPRESS 58 (J Byrne)
2, 8.00 HI JO SILVER 56 (M Cahill) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Flying Mel 4.00 Maid
Of Sevens 41.00 Craiglea Barkly 26.00 Jedilad 61.00 Worrigee last. Scr: Midnite
Raid, Craiglea Rose. 1-3/4 len, 3-1/2 len. Time: 1:26.23. (Last 600m 37.55).

3-JOHNNIE WALKER MDN PLATE 1100m:2.25 FINE CONNECTION (b m 4y Pins - Love
Connection (JPN). Trainer: Jason McLachlan) 57 (J Holder) 1, 1.70 fav DUBAILAND
56.5 (J Byrne) 2, 9.00 NIELLO JOSIE 56.5 carr 53.5 (D Mc Whinney) 3. Then
followed: 17.00 Miss Tobougg 21.00 Herzdarna 11.00 Miss Sandreine 31.00
Slipperylilsucker 101.00 Vandakris last. Scr: Finagle. Sht nk, len. Time:
1:07.40. (Last 600m 35.89).

4-BUNDABERG RED MDN PLATE 1100m:3.80 ENEMYATTHEGATE (b g 3y Magic Albert - Nat's
Idea. Trainer: F N Phillips) 56.5 (K Sawyers) 1, 3.40 KING ECHELON 56.5 (D J
Browne) 2, 3.00 fav LARAMIE 56.5 (J Byrne) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Sobo 21.00 Bag
The Profit 16.00 Pick Of Destiny 17.00 Piccolotto 16.00 Pacific Thunder 31.00
Scary Canary 51.00 I Fish 8.00 Our Secret Affair last. Scr: Tradies Hope,
Dylanjames. 1-3/4 len, 2-3/4 len. Time: 1:06.74. (Last 600m 35.88).

5-SLATE HCP (C1) 2150m: 3.30 MONTEFALCO (b g 3y Ombra Della Sera - Self Belief.
Trainer: M J Mair) 55 (K Pope) 1, 31.00 LIKEABATOUTOFHELL 54.5 (I Coombes) 2,
3.40 RAW SIENNA 55 (G Killen) 3. Then followed: 2.80 fav Elusive Shadow 12.00
Daringart 8.00 Moringa's King 14.00 Fearless Hero 21.00 Sirius Quest 26.00
Biscays Best last. Scr: Apuckshunubbee. 3 len, sht nk. Time: 2:17.12. (Last 600m
37.84).

6-BUNDABERG RESERVE HCP (C1) 1100m:1.85 fav JUSTLUK (br c 3y Markane -
Sequently. Trainer: T D Hall) 57 (D J Browne) 1, 8.00 SKEETER 57.5 (M A Hughes)
2, 5.00 NERO'S FIRE 57.5 carr 55.5 (T Huxham) 3. Then followed: 5.50 He's A Hoot
7.00 Rosebrook Dancer 15.00 Gold Down Under 31.00 Legally Proud 21.00 Poinciana
41.00 Midnightmare 11.00 Hesanothadollar last. Scr: Excite And Excel, Danangel.
4 len, hd. Time: 1:06.15 (hand timed). (Last 600m 35.59).

7-BUNDABERG RUM HCP (C2) 1400m:5.00 LOSTRIS (b m 5y King Of Kings (IRE) -
Flowerland. Trainer: M A Palmer) 54 (Daniel Griffin) 1, 17.00 MONSIEUR MARCEAU
54 carr 52.5 (J Wood) 2, 15.00 CLICKGOTHESHEARS 54 (K Pope) 3. Then followed:
10.00 Lauren's Halo 12.00 Kalinga Lady 9.00 Warando Street 5.00 Bumper Harvest
5.00 Bubbled 2.20 fav Inspirational Lass 31.00 All Kiwi 12.00 Pacific Highway
41.00 Kelculate last. Scr: Mother's Milk, Tickle The Kitty, Mananjari, Baby
Rock. 1/2 hd, hd. Time: 1:26.47 (hand timed). (Last 600m 35.72).

8-SMIRNOFF MULE PLATE (C3) 1000m:1.60 fav BELLETRIST (b f 3y Bel Esprit - Lady
Nickelii. Trainer: T D Hall) 55 (D J Browne) 1, 8.00 BIG TONY 57 (M Cahill) 2,
11.00 ROCK MY ROOF 58.5 carr 55.5 (D Mc Whinney) 3. Then followed: 51.00 Reonmay
26.00 Miliardo 5.50 Meddler 9.00 Swell 16.00 Noisy Scooter 21.00 Maharishi 21.00
Canadian Chief 3.20 Before The Storm last. Scr: Detected, Medesano. 2 len, 2-1/2
len. Time: 0:59.39 (hand timed). (Last 600m 35.37).

TAB DIVS

Race 1: 1 Cassini Contest $1.40 $1.20 6 Craiglea Rocket $3.90 8 Unluckyforsum
NTD. Q: $5.30. E: $6.70. T: $108.70. FIRST 4: (1 6 8 3): $228.20. Scr: 7.

Race 2: 6 Run For Levi $7.40 $2.20 1 Castle Express $1.10 3 Hi Jo Silver $2.20.
Q: $7.00. E: $21.00. T: $98.70. A2: 1-6 $2.70, 3-6 $8.10, 1-3 $5.00. FIRST 4: (6
1 3 4): $318.20. Scr: 2,10.

Race 3: 1 Fine Connection $2.50 $1.10 4 Dubailand $1.30 7 Niello Josie $1.80. Q:
$1.40. E: $4.30. T: $15.90. A2: 1-4 $1.00, 1-7 $3.60, 4-7 $3.40. FIRST 4: (1 4 7
3): $131.00. Scr: 5.

Race 4: 9 Enemyatthegate $4.10 $1.50 10 King Echelon $1.70 11 Laramie $1.40. Q:
$10.10. E: $15.80. T: $34.00. A2: 9-10 $4.40, 9-11 $3.20, 10-11 $2.20. FIRST 4:
(9 10 11 6): $146.60. Scr: 7,8.

Race 5: 2 Montefalco $3.60 $1.40 9 Likeabatoutofhell $8.20 4 Raw Sienna $1.80.
Q: $88.20. E: $134.50. T: $538.90. A2: 2-9 $35.90, 2-4 $2.20, 4-9 $23.50. FIRST
4: (2 9 4 10): $4,137.20. Scr: 1.

Race 6: 3 Justluk $1.80 $1.30 2 Skeeter $2.80 1 Nero's Fire $2.40. Q: $7.90. E:
$11.00. T: $46.00. A2: 2-3 $4.30, 1-3 $3.30, 1-2 $10.50. FIRST 4: (3 2 1 4):
$371.80. Scr: 5,10.

Race 7: 7 Lostris $11.10 $2.70 11 Monsieur Marceau $4.70 13 Clickgotheshears
$6.40. Q: $88.70. E: $206.40. T: $3,773.60. A2: 7-11 $19.30, 7-13 $17.50, 11-13
$69.40. FIRST 4: (7 11 13 1): $3,816.40. Scr: 3,14,15,16.

Race 8: 12 Belletrist $1.70 $1.20 7 Big Tony $2.20 5 Rock My Roof $7.20. Q:
$8.20. E: $7.40. T: $160.10. A2: 7-12 $4.20, 5-12 $11.90, 5-7 $47.00. Qd: (2 3 7
12): $381.80. FIRST 4: (12 7 5 11): $4,745.40. Scr: 2,3.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 1 Fine Connection 9 Enemyatthegate $16.40. OCF: 4 Dubailand 11
Laramie. DOUBLE: 7 Lostris 12 Belletrist $47.20. TREBLE: 3 Justluk 7 Lostris 12
Belletrist $95.80. OCF: 3 Justluk 5 Inspirational Lass 12 Belletrist.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     January 10, 1999, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Southern Chefs;
Michael Lata of Anson, Charleston, S.C.

BYLINE: William Schemmel

SECTION: DIXIE LIVING; Pg. 02M

LENGTH: 1072 words


In the mid-1990s, Michael Lata's creativity helped earn top ratings for
Ciboulette, a French restaurant in Ansley Park. During the past year, the
26-year-old Massachusetts native has solidified Anson's ranking as one of the
brightest stars in Charleston, S.C.'s rapidly expanding, nationally acclaimed
restaurant scene. Part of First Family Dining Group South --- which includes
Garibaldi's in Charleston, Savannah and Columbia, and Savannah's Olde Pink House
and Bistro Savannah --- Anson's menu is a contemporary spin on cooking styles
enjoyed in fine homes before the Civil War. Crispy fried flounder with apricot
and shallot sauce is the restaurant's must-try signature dish. Other hallmark
dishes are barbecued grouper, braised beef short ribs with local snails, roasted
leg of venison, crisp Carolina gold rice dumplings and pan-roasted red snapper
in ginger laurel fumet. Age: 26. Hometown: East Longmeadow, Mass. Home life:
Single. Background: "I always wanted to cook, but I never had formal culinary
training. I started when I was 12, at an ice cream stand, and moved steadily up
from there. I worked at restaurants in Boston, and a hotel in Connecticut when I
was 17. At the Black Dog Tavern on Martha's Vineyard, I was introduced to
international cooking by watching and working with cooks from all over the
world. From there, I went to Bacco, a bistro-style Italian restaurant in New
Orleans, where I learned about pastas and fresh mozzarella, all the while
studying cookbooks and eating out as much as I could afford. I moved to Atlanta
in 1995 and worked a few months at Luna Si. Fortunately, an opportunity opened
at Ciboulette, which was one of the city's best French restaurants. It blew me
away. I couldn't believe how great working there was. When the chef left, I took
over the kitchen for 2 1/2 years and really grew there. We used the freshest
vegetables and seafoods available and competed with the best restaurants in
Atlanta. By the time I left, 80 percent of the menu was mine. I was hired as
executive chef at Anson in January 1998." Early KP: "When I was 12, I worked the
serving window at an ice cream and hamburger restaurant in my hometown. I'd look
back in the kitchen at guys cooking the hamburgers and clam rolls and think,
'That's where I want to be.' " Style of cooking: "Like any smart
tourist-community restaurant, Anson has broad market appeal and offers something
for just about everybody. We have pork, lamb, seafood, game and beef. Even
though Charleston is a much smaller market than Atlanta, our customers are very
particular about what they eat. We can't serve them fish that's not remotely
fresh without them picking up on it. So that tightens our standards and keeps us
on our toes." House specialties: "We go way out of our way to get the freshest
products, and seafood is a prime passion. Fishermen out on their boats will call
on cell phones and ask if we want 250 pounds of grouper they've just caught. We
always say yes. To get the produce we want, we can't just call a wholesaler and
have it delivered. We go out to local farms and finagle with the owners and walk
into the fields and pick it ourselves. We often drive all the way to Atlanta to
get what we need." Where do you see yourself five years from now? "I'll be 31.
I've set a goal to have my own restaurant by the time I'm 32. Ideally, I'd like
to have a profitable place with about 110 seats. It would be great to be in a
city like New York, with all those resources and a clientele that would receive
a broader variety of food. I've had opportunities, but I'm happy here and not in
a big hurry. There are still things I want to accomplish in this kitchen." Do
you cook at home? "Absolutely not. I'm never there." Favorite spices: "I'm
passionate about classical French cooking, and I've latched onto the love for
anise. It can be so subtle and so versatile in desserts, savory dishes, fish
stews, sausage and mussels. It's a fantastic accompaniment for vegetables." I'd
like to cook for: "Anyone who appreciates fine, fresh food." For my last meal:
"My desert island dish is a bouillabaisse, with a variety of fresh seafood. It's
so classy and elegant." Where to find him: Anson, 12 Anson St., Charleston,
S.C.; 843-577-0551.
 SALAD Green Cabbage, Apple, Smoked Bacon and Roquefort Salad Makes 8 servings
Preparation time: 20 minutes Standing time: 1 hour Half medium green cabbage 4
teaspoons salt, divided 2 Fuji apples, sliced 6 tablespoons sherry vinegar 2
tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard 1 tablespoon chopped shallots 5
strips apple wood-smoked bacon, cooked 4 ounces Roquefort cheese
 Slice cabbage into thin strips. Place in a bowl, toss with 1 tablespoon salt
and allow to drain for 1 hour. Set aside. Rinse and dry the cabbage. Toss with
apples, sherry vinegar, sugar, Dijon mustard, shallots and remaining teaspoon
salt. Garnish with bacon and crumbled Roquefort cheese.

Per serving: 129 calories, 6 grams protein, 7 grams fat (percent calories from
fat, 52), 11 grams carbohydrates, 18 milligrams cholesterol, 782 milligrams
sodium, 2 grams fiber.
 SAUCE Anise-Scented Red Bell Pepper Coulis Makes 2 1/2 cups Preparation time:
20 minutes Cooking time: 25-30 minutes 1 teaspoon anise seed 1/4 cup olive oil,
divided 1/2 sweet onion, diced 2 cloves garlic, crushed 1 medium vine-ripe
tomato, diced 1 tablespoon tomato paste 4 sprigs fresh thyme 4 medium red bell
peppers, cored, diced and seeded Salt, pepper to taste
 In a heavy-bottomed pan, toast anise seeds until light brown and very aromatic.
Grind and reserve. In a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive
oil over medium heat, add sweet onion and garlic and cook, stirring constantly,
until translucent, about 5 minutes. Do not brown. Add tomato, tomato paste,
thyme and anise seeds and cook for 5 more minutes. Add bell peppers, reduce heat
to medium-low and simmer, uncovered, for 12-15 minutes. If mixture begins to
stick, add a little water. Transfer to blender and process until smooth. While
the blender is still processing, add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil.
Season with salt and pepper. Serve as a sauce with grilled meat, fish and
vegetables. Or make a soup by adding cream or chicken stock.

Per tablespoon: 15 calories, less than 1 gram protein, 1 gram fat (percent
calories from fat, 81), less than 1 gram carbohydrate, no cholesterol, 3
milligrams sodium, less than 1 gram fiber.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo DXchef2-0110_300909:
 Elegent offerings (left) grace a sideboard. / WILLIAM SCHEMMEL / Special
 Photo DXchef0110_300910:
 "Seafood is a prime passion" at Anson, where Michael Lata takes pains to
 use only the freshest ingredients. / WILLIAM SCHEMMEL / Special

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

'It's time to hear everyone's stories'

BYLINE: Peter Howell Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 836 words


The movie industry both in Hollywood and Canada appears to be on the brink of
radical change, as it vows to end its historic domination by white males.

Gender equity and diversity are the watchwords, as everybody from the
Oscar-awarding Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to Canada's National
Film Board pledge to shake up how movies get made, who gets to be in them and
who wins the shiny gold prizes for them.

The NFB recently put its money where its mouth is by committing to have at least
half of its productions directed by women and half of all production spending
allocated to films directed by women. This goal will be achieved by 2019, the
NFB said, and the promise can be verified: budget allocations will be posted on
the board's website.

This is impressive stuff, and it is to be applauded, even if the issues and
promises are anything but new. A lot of this change speaks of better days to
come, or "jam tomorrow," as the White Queen offers Alice in Alice Through the
Looking Glass, the literary classic soon to be a major motion picture with an
all-white lead cast.

What impresses me more are people who just get on with the job of making movies
more democratic, rather than waiting for big studios and government-funded
agencies to get their acts together.

I'm thinking of groups like We Make Movies Canada, the defiantly Canuck offshoot
of We Make Movies, a 4,000-member Los Angeles collective of indie filmmakers,
actors and screenwriters started in 2009. The Canadian chapter, WMM-CA for
short, commenced in 2012 in Toronto thanks to the efforts of Newfoundland actor
Michael Coady (TV's Republic of Doyle), who serves as executive director.

The idea behind WMM-CA, which has 850 active members and an online community of
3,500, is to bring together people from all aspects of film and from a wide
spectrum of race, age, gender and experience to make productions happen.

These are people who just want to create, without waiting for the phone to ring
or an email to arrive from some larger entity.

The group meets monthly at whatever Toronto club, community centre or lounge
they can arrange or finagle, for workshops to share ideas and skills.

"We don't have a specific mandate other than to make the films that we want to
see," says WMM-CA executive member Laura Kyswaty, a Toronto actor whose
resum#233; includes the films Fvoyer and End of the Line and the TV series Dual
Suspects.

"These are indie films that focus on story and character, that lead you
somewhere. Maybe they don't have a million-dollar special effects budget, but
they can affect you just as much."

Funding comes mainly through a Kickstarter campaign and 50/50 draws, rather than
government or corporate sponsors.

"Writers submit their scripts in advance and we choose some screenplays to be
read aloud," Kyswaty says, describing the monthly workshops.

"We cast from our databases close to what the characters are and depending on
who's coming out that night. It gives the filmmakers a chance to hear it and
then we moderate feedback so that they get feedback in the moment from the
people in the room. They get a chance to hear their script come to life, and we
don't charge anything for that."

The process has had the happy development of attracting many women, who are a
big part of Slate One, the name for the first collection of micro-budget
Canadian short films produced by the WMM-CA community.

Slate One was the result of a screenplay competition, where three shorts were
selected for production funding from a field of several dozen.

Two of the three were directed by women: gender preference comedy Taco by
Jillian Tredenick and Sarah Monahan, and sexual confusion laugher The Birds and
the Knees, by Amanda Terfloth.

The third film, Matthew Macfadzean's drama Dorothy's Secret, stars three women
ranging in age from 20s to 80s who recreate the bittersweet memories of an aging
prostitute, who is played by Marye Barton.

"How many films have their protagonist as an 80-year-old woman?" Kyswaty says.

The three films are scheduled to screen March 30 at a premiere party at the Hard
Rock Caf#233; at Dundas Square. The event, running from 7 p.m. to midnight, will
also feature four shorts developed through the WMM process: Jake Fisher's Our
Scattered Seeds; Sam Coyle's The Change; Serge Kushnier's Will and Sam
Ingraffia's Silent Nightin Muncie. (The public is welcome at the event; tickets
are $12 at the door.)

These seven films all had significant female involvement, Kyswaty says, but
while gender parity is a decided bonus, the real aim of WMM is just to give
everybody a chance to realize their moviemaking dream. The group hopes to expand
into making features, as the L.A. chapter has done.

"It's time to hear everyone's stories," she says.

"All the stories that are out there, whether they're written by men or women or
from whatever group, let's just hear them rather than pigeonhole them. And let's
hear stories from voices we haven't heard from as much."

Peter Howell is the Star's movie critic. His column runs Fridays.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 10, 2002, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Learn financial self-defense

BYLINE: Evelyn Tan Powers

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 571 words

Get Clark Smart

By Clark Howard and Mark Meltzer

Hyperion, $ 16.95, 283 pages

---

It's cool to be a cheapskate and get the most out of your money.

That's the message in Get Clark Smart: The Ultimate Guide to Getting Rich from
America's Money-Saving Expert by Clark Howard and Mark Meltzer.

This isn't about investing your way to Easy Street. Only one chapter is about
investing, and it's short and has no arcane investment tricks.


What Howard really peddles is consumer information and financial self-defense.
He teaches you how to get the best deals, from buying a house or a car to
picking a reputable health club.

If you follow his tips, you may or may not get rich. The best way to get rich,
in general, is still to regularly save a large chunk of your income and invest
it diligently and courageously over a long time. But you will probably never
spend more than you have to on anything, and you will not get ripped off.

Don't even think of buying a car without reading the chapter on cars. To prove
the adage that a fool and his money are easily parted, one need only watch what
goes on in many a car dealership. Americans' love affair with cars makes us easy
to bamboozle. His description of the games car dealerships play makes for scary
reading and should be required reading. Don't get him started on the subject of
leasing.

One of the best things about this book is that you don't have to read it cover
to cover. Howard offers up a cradle-to-grave (yes, there is even a section on
how to avoid getting scammed by the funeral industry) menu of financial topics.
You can read up on just one topic -- be it money, real estate or travel -- that
you need to know more about.

As Howard puts it, the essence of his work is helping people solve problems. He
tells you how to coax, cajole and finagle your way to a fair solution and, if
all else fails, how to take your case to small claims court.

What do you do if you're already in some financial trouble and you need to dig
out from under a pile of debt? Howard can help you create a pyramid of
priorities on what to pay first. Top three in order: mortgage or rent, car loan,
utilities, the things that keep your house functioning. He even offers a sample
"drop dead" letter you can use to get collection agencies off your back.

Howard believes the lavish spending of the bull market years should be replaced
by smart spending. As he and other like-minded financial gurus have pointed out
over and over, it's not what you earn that matters, it's what you keep. For
example, if your annual salary is $ 200,000 and you spend all of it, whereas
your friend earns $ 80,000 but lives on $ 65,000, your friend is wealthier than
you are.

This is not to say you should do without things that are important. Howard
admits to a weakness for premium ice cream. Some things in life, such as your
children's education, are worth paying top dollar for. "A bargain could be a $ 3
sweatshirt, but it also could be a $ 500 plane fare to Tokyo," he writes.

It's empowering to be in the minority with no credit card debt. It's extremely
empowering to have a healthy nest egg. The key is frugality.

"You should spend less than you make -- no matter what you make -- and do
everything you can to avoid debt," he says.

That's the bottom line, and it could be worth a fortune to you in the long run.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                            March 17, 2005, Thursday

Strand hotspots for St. Patrick s Day

BYLINE: Sherri Parrish, Star-News Correspondent

SECTION: Currents; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 434 words


It's too late to hit the celebration in Savannah, and your chance of making
Boston's is even less likely.

Still, all hope for a St. Pat's adventure isn't lost.

In an under 90-minute drive, you can find yourself in Myrtle Beach, singing
Irish songs and swigging green beer with other revelers. And you can do it well
past 2 a.m.

Here's a sample of Myrtle's hot St. Pat's happenings.

Finn McCool's

501 Lake Arrowhead Rd.,

Myrtle Beach

"It's just crazy in here on St. Patrick's Day," says a harried bartender at Finn
McCool's.

The Irish pub and eatery, located off the beaten Hwy. 17 South path, just past
North Myrtle Beach but before restaurant row, is one of the hottest Grand Strand
spots on St. Patty's Day.

The party starts at 11:30 a.m. and goes until the crowd leaves, since weeknight
closing time under South Carolina law doesn't mean 2 a.m. (the same goes for
imbibing beer and wine).

Expect bagpipers, live Irish tunes from 1 p.m., Irish food and drink, and the
Jagermeister Girls. Need we say more? Details: (843) 449-7616

Blarney Stones Irish Pub

Broadway at the Beach,

Myrtle Beach

Venture a bit farther south and you'll stumble upon another (perhaps the other)
super St. Pat's celebration in Myrtle Beach.

This shindig starts at 10 a.m., with green beer and traditional Irish fare. Paul
Grimshaw belts out tunes at 2 p.m. and a live radio remote from 6 p.m.-10 p.m.
will award a trip for two to Ireland.

Happy Hour runs 4 p.m.-7 p.m., but don't expect to finagle a discounted cocktail
at say, 6:50 p.m. There's a strange phenomenon at Blarney Stones known as
"blarney time," which is a tad ahead of the rest of us.

If you've seen enough shamrocks, saunter upstairs to the upscale cigar and
martini bar. Details: (843) 626-6644 .

Liberty Steakhouse

and Brewery

Broadway at the Beach,

Myrtle Beach

It's not an Irish joint per se, but as a local's (and visitors') favorite
watering hole, it's fitting that Liberty throws a St. Pat's Day party.

Their handcrafted brews are worth the trip alone, and they happen to have a
homemade Irish stout on tap.

For the celebration, they've extended happy hour - which starts at 4 p.m. and
kicks off the party - until 8 p.m. So you can grab a pint or two more for two
bucks (versus $ 3.50). Live music with Biscuits & Gravy runs 6:30 p.m.-9:30 p.m.
and the merriment continues until the cows go home.

Irish food specialties, like Reuben sandwiches, pork loins and cabbage, will
also be available. Details: (843) 626-4677.

Currents: 343-2343

currentsstarnewsonline.com


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: sherri parrish. still life, with bar: Blarney Stones Irish Pub in
Myrtle Beach may look dead in this picture, but just wait till St. PatrickAEs
Day! When it will be, um, less dead.

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 18, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

TV Weekend;
'Inherit the Wind' and 'Hot Paint'

BYLINE: By JOHN J. O'CONNOR

SECTION: Section C; Page 34, Column 3; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 705 words


Two very different made-for-television productions are being offered this
Sunday, both at 9 P.M. NBC is presenting still another revival of ''Inherit the
Wind,'' the sturdy warhorse that's trotted out every few years to give actors of
a certain age a chance to show off. This time the stars are Jason Robards and
Kirk Douglas. CBS, on the other hand, has a comedy movie starring Gregory
Harrison and John Larroquette. It's called ''Hot Paint'' and has a respectable
quota of funny moments.

Inspired by the historic Scopes ''monkey trial'' that began in 1925, ''Inherit
the Wind'' uses the characters of Henry Drummond (Mr. Robards) and Matthew
Harrison Brady (Mr. Douglas) as thinly disguised surrogates for, respectively,
the liberal Chicago attorney Clarence Darrow and the religious fundamentalist
William Jennings Bryan, three times an unsuccessful Presidential candidate.
Drummond is defending Bertram Cates (Kyle Secor), a teacher who has violated
Tennessee law by bringing Darwin's theory of evolution into his classroom.
Brady, the prosecutor, believes the theory of ''evil-ution'' is poisoning minds
against the biblical account of creation.

The subject remains sensitive to this day. The creationists and the
evolutionists are still battling each other in courts. ''Inherit the Wind''
retains its emotional clout. The original play by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E.
Lee opened on Broadway in 1955 with Paul Muni and Ed Begley as the stars. A 1960
film version won acclaim for Spencer Tracy and Fredric March. And a 1965
television adaptation, also on NBC, featured Melvyn Douglas and Mr. Begley. The
new rendition of the play has been written by John Gay.

With Peter Douglas, Kirk's son, as executive producer, Robert A. Papazian as
producer and David Greene directing, this version attempts to make the Brady
character more sympathetic, or at least what the producers describe as ''a bit
more fair to both sides.'' Brady's wife (Jean Simmons) is used to show how the
man could be loved and admired for his sincerely held beliefs even as it became
more and more obvious that he was falling apart. Mr. Douglas's portrayal,
unfortunately, is of the scenery-chewing variety, leaving Brady something of a
ranting oddity. It is still obvious that the play's indisputable hero is
Drummond. His arguments for the ''individual human mind'' are the heart of the
matter, and Mr. Robards, restrained yet tough, brings them home convincingly.

''Hot Paint'' on CBS is a comedy caper written by Eliot Wald and Andrew Kurtzman
and directed by Sheldon Larry. Mr. Harrison, who is also co-executive producer,
with Franklin R. Levy, is an aspiring New York actor who works as a chauffeur to
make a living. Mr. Larroquette is an unemployed salesman. They grew up together
in Brooklyn. The fast-talking salesman finagles the innocent actor into a
burglary. Much to their surprise, they end up with a Renoir painting worth
nearly $3 million. Pursued by the police and various shady art-world characters,
they take off on a Crosby-and-Hope-style ''Road'' romp that takes them, even
while penniless, to Boston, London and a Middle Eastern palace. The film was
made in and around Toronto.

There are, as noted, some hilarious touches. Escaping from a Boston art gallery
with the Renoir nudes, Mr. Larroquette puts a gun to the painting and warns that
''if anybody breathes, the fat dame gets it.'' Then there's the Italian mobster
who, not wanting to get involved, advises the desperate thieves: ''I can offer
you a plastic surgeon to change your face and a nice one-bedroom apartment on
Corsica.'' And the Middle Eastern sheik keeps a company of American actors to
provide his favorite diversion: watching scenes from Neil Simon's ''Barefoot in
the Park.''

Mr. Harrison, formerly of ''Trapper John, M.D.,'' and Mr. Larroquette, currently
on ''Night Court,'' seem to be having fun throughout. But the exercise goes flat
or just plain silly often enough to make you wonder if they know something we
don't. A lovely French actress named Cyrielle Claire is on hand as romantic
interest and sex object. And the Arab types are portrayed once again in an
American film as menacing idiots. ''Hot Paint'' is, in many ways, par for the
course.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                January 17, 2014

Tapioca tea is on the bubble

BYLINE: Kate Turner

SECTION: FOOD

LENGTH: 334 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ever heard of bubble tea? Kate Turner tells us about the unique
Taiwanese tea.


"Happy.me is the next generation of beverages," says Jan Roode, one half of
Happy.me, Jo'burg's first bubble-tea franchise. Jan and his partner in all
things, Jay, are serial entrepreneurs, with a clairvoyant knack for property
development, and have travelled widely. "We have visited over 65 countries,"
Roode says.

One day while navigating the grit and glint of hyper-city Hong Kong, also known
as the Pearl of the Orient, an encounter with another sort of pearl took place:
tapioca pearls.

"We stumbled across our first bubble-tea experience," Jan says, "and it was love
at first sip!"

Bubble tea, also known as pearl milk tea or boba, is a Chinatown treat, in which
gummy balls of tapioca squat in the bottom of a plastic cup brimming with
sweetened tea and milk.

It was invented in the teashops of Taiwan in the 1980s and, like many Asian
crazes, has a certain pop-culture naiveté about it (although in New York they
are now serving an alcoholic "spiked" bubble tea).

It's a happy drink, appealing to your inner kid - largely because of the fat
straw, which is big enough to slurp those tapioca pearls through - and is
satisfyingly silly.

After a binge on boba, Jan and Jay sat down and conspired on how to bring bubble
tea back with them and, more importantly, with it being something of an acquired
texture, how they would finagle South Africans into becoming bubble-tea
devotees. "We decided to seek out the best beverages from around the world, and
blend them with the principles of bubble tea - break it down and reassemble it."

Enter Happy.me, where you are the master mixologist. (Can't get your head around
squidgy tapioca? Just leave it out then.)

Flavours that curl and bloom include watermelon, cranberry, Earl Grey, Matcha
green tea and coconut milk. Then blend in your accompanying pearls or jelly. Or
don't. The concoction is up to you.

Village Green Shopping Centre, 127 Greenway Road, Greenside, Johannesburg. Phone
011?888?5658. Eastgate branch: the Food Court, shop 10. Visit happyme.co.za

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             March 14, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SPEAKER IGNORING ETHICS EMERGENCY

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 270 words


Florida's previous speaker of the House, Ray Sansom, had to step down as speaker
and then resign from the House after he used his legislative power to do favors
for a contributor.

Now the current speaker, Rep. Larry Cretul, R-Ocala, has manipulated the
legislative process to do a favor for a contributor. The lesson, apparently,
isn't sinking in.

As The Post's Dara Kam reported Thursday, Rep. Cretul stacked a legislative
committee with a top aide, Rep. Ron Reagan, R-Bradenton, to guarantee that the
committee would approve a bill to suppress recordings of 911 calls. Rep. Cretul
confirmed that he's pushing the bill at the behest of Florida Farm Bureau
President John Hoblick, whose organization has given the Florida GOP $29,000
since 2008.

Mr. Hoblick's 16-year-old son died from an overdose of alcohol and illegal
prescription drugs. A sibling called 911, and Mr. Hoblick is haunted by hearing
the recording played in public. Certainly, Mr. Hoblick and others suffering such
a tragedy deserve sympathy. But other families believe that 911 recordings must
remain public to ensure the professionalism of emergency workers. Recordings
also can prevent tragedies by driving home the dangers of drinking and drug use.

Unlike Mr. Sansom, Rep. Cretul didn't finagle a job for himself and hasn't been
indicted. But the Sansom scandal -- and others, including those in Palm Beach
County -- has led to a collection of proposed ethics reforms. Politicians
shouldn't have to pass new laws before they behave ethically. The public has
called in an ethics 911, and Rep. Cretul's response time is way too slow.

-- Post Editorial Board

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  FLORIDA THOUGHT OF THE WEEK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Corporate Legal Times

                                   May, 1999

BYLINE: BRUCE D. COLLINS; Bruce D. Collins is corporate vice president and
general counsel of c-span. E-Mail: collins@c-span.org


SECTION: AT THE NON-PROFIT BAR; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 792 words


Consider Adding Values, of the Moral Type, in Law Schools

ONLY 14 PERCENT of Americans have strong confidence in lawyers, according a
recent ABA survey. That means 86 percent of our fellow citizens don't think too
highly of us. That's a pretty strong signal the profession might be moving in
the wrong direction.

The survey did not distinguish between us "non-profit" lawyers and everybody
else, so we At the Non-Profit Bar don't find any particular solace in its
results.

Nevertheless, the non-profit sector is poised to save the legal profession from
itself. The non-profit Center for the Advancement of Values Education (CAVE),
based at upstate New York's Le Moyne College, offers the best bet yet to change
some of the worst traits of individual lawyers.

Ten years ago CAVE developed a unique process for Le Moyne College called the
Values Program that marshaled the institution's resources toward the goal of
graduating good students, good people and good citizens. After a full decade of
positive results and supporting research, CAVE claims its Values Program can,
and should, be applied to a lot of other schools and institutions.

I think their next focus should be the law schools. One of CAVE's goals is to
encourage in students a broad awareness, and then the acceptance, of that set of
generally accepted rules that makes a civil society possible.

It would be brilliant targeting if CAVE were to focus on law schools. Not only
do their graduates write the rules of our increasingly uncivil society, those
same graduates (i.e., lawyers) are widely viewed as lacking in civility
themselves as they interpret, enforce, ignore or finagle their way out of those
very same rules.

Imagine how your own legal education might have been different if every
professor, instructor and administrator had signed on to CAVE's Values Program
for your law school. They would have acted together across disciplines to convey
technical knowledge, of course, but also to set you on a path of personal
discovery toward confronting the difficult questions you would face as a person
and as an attorney.

They wouldn't have dictated any particular philosophy or code of conduct.
Instead, they (as good teachers always do) would have helped you to develop your
own conscience, even as you learned how to "think like a lawyer" and developed
other less touchy-feely skills.

My experience with CAVE's Values Program (as a member of its board) tells me it
can be effectively applied to law school without undermining the instruction of
pure reasoning upon which the profession so famously relies.

A values-based legal education would leave legal analysis intact while at the
same time fostering civilizing approaches to problem solving that might
otherwise go unnoticed and therefore unlearned. The too-frequent lack of such
approaches from lawyers is responsible in part for our profession's horrible PR,
I think, and it ought to be addressed at the law school level.

If the Values Program is properly integrated into the law school experience over
the three- or four-year program, many other good things are likely to happen.

My guess is there would be fewer incidences of key articles being sliced out of
the library's reserve collection as students gain a clearer understanding of
themselves and their purpose in attending law school.

Some students forced to confront the large questions of right and wrong or of
crime and punishment while still in school will be more likely to establish
specific career goals earlier, thereby enhancing the value of their later course
selections. Some will conclude that the adversarial nature of the private
practice of law is not for them under any circumstances. Some others will embark
on a law firm career more confident their initial instincts were correct and
thereby avoid a few (or more) years of personal doubt.

Imagine a whole generation of lawyers whose technical training was infused with
such a focus on the human elements of the law and of life in general. I daresay
that after a while, the complaints of incivility among us would become fainter
as the profession shifted from a win-at-all-costs ethic to a
win-but-make-it-a-good-win ethic.

I predict that there would be fewer unhappy lawyers, for two equally good
reasons. First, some students, having been guided toward a better sense of
themselves, would forsake the law for a better fitting profession. Second, those
who remained would know they'd made the right choice. Either way, the profession
and its clientele are the beneficiaries.

CAVE has been successful at Le Moyne College and elsewhere. As it embarks on an
outreach program to kick off its second decade, it would find ample work in the
nation's law schools.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                Copyright 1999 Corporate Legal Times Corporation


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                         September 17, 2008, Wednesday

Candidates to take on pension problems

BYLINE: JAKE STUMP, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 727 words


Candidates for the 32nd District of the House of Delegates are bracing to tackle
the unfunded police and fire pension nightmare that's drained municipalities in
recent years.

Last year, a bill was defeated that would have cut cities a break on unfunded
police and fire pension liabilities.

The pension plans, which have a collective statewide shortfall of $659 million,
were a contentious issue throughout the legislative session. The measure would
have helped Charleston, which last year had an unfunded liability of $178
million.

Although the bill was passed by the Senate, it died in the House Finance
Committee.

Delegate Ron Walters, R-Kanawha, said the issue was bound to resurface at the
next legislative session. He said there's no surefire way to solve the problem
without any negative effects.

"I expect this to swirl up again this year," Walters said at a Daily Mail
editorial board meeting Tuesday. "For my money, everyone will have to suffer
some."

Walters, 58, is running for an eighth term in the House. He operates an
insurance agency.

Republican incumbent Patrick Lane acknowledged that the pension issue is growing
out-of-hand.

"Small towns are going bankrupt because of pension plans," said Lane, 33, a
lawyer.

Lane is running for his third term.

The third and remaining member representing the 32nd District is House Minority
Leader Tim Armstead, R-Kanawha. Armstead, 43, has served in the House since 1998
and is an attorney for NiSource.

Also appearing at the meeting Tuesday were Democrats Carmela Ryan-Thompson and
Jon Cain, who are challenging the three Republicans in the November election.

Ryan-Thompson weighed-in on the pension dilemma by saying employees' retirement
plans shouldn't be sacrificed.

"I've talked to employees who are two or three years away from retiring and they
fear their benefits are going to vaporize," said Ryan-Thompson, 56, a math
teacher at Clendenin Elementary School. "We can't finagle with what we've told
we're going to do for them."

The bill that failed in the legislature would have established a West Virginia
Municipal Pensions Oversight Board to monitor and improve the investment
performance of pension funds.

Employee contributions for new hires would increase from 7 to 9.5 percent. Also,
current police and firefighters would see their contributions increase from 7
percent to 8.5 percent.

With the increase in contributions, the pension funds for both police and fire
could have been fully funded in 40 years.

The legislation would have provided cities around the state with $15 million a
year.

The bill got into trouble after complaints from volunteer firefighters and
delegates in rural counties. Opponents took issue with supporting some entities
entering the plan, even if they didn't have problems with municipal police and
firefighter unfunded pension liability issues.

In other topics, candidates discussed possible solutions to building a new
Bonham Elementary School, which lies in a flood plain in Sissonville.

The school has been closed or evacuated numerous times in recent years. School
employees constantly fight the growth of mold, and the principal monitors a live
video feed of the nearby Kanawha Two Mile Creek to ensure students and staff can
leave safely before a flood comes.

Armstead wrote a letter recently to Kanawha County Superintendent Ron Duerring
highlighting the dire need for a new school.

For the past few years, Armstead has arranged meetings with school officials and
representatives for Gov. Joe Manchin, Sen. Jay Rockefeller and Rep. Shelley
Moore Capito on the topic.

Armstead doesn't believe the school system is doing all it can to ensure a safe
new school for those students.

"Right now, the only thing to help is a set of camera pointed to the creeks,"
Armstead said. "The school system didn't get them."

Flooding resulted in $1.5 million in repairs and evacuated students for two
weeks in 2005.

Candidates also discussed the controversial smoking ban in Kanawha County.

"As a nonsmoker, I enjoy going to a facility with no smoking," said Cain, 62, a
certified public accountant.

"But the state needs a unified policy, applicable to the whole state."

Lane, though a nonsmoker, took issue with an unelected body, like the health
department, making the laws.

Democratic candidate Charlie Black did not attend the meeting.

Contact writer Jake Stump at jakestump@dailymail.com or 304-348-4842.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

White Smithbilts make royal gift list; Kate, William got iconic hats on Calgary
trip

BYLINE: Jen Gerson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 438  words


Works of art can be sent to museums, but what regal closet contains William and
Kate's newly acquired books and bronzes? Whither the caribou-antler snow goggles
and dragonfly brooch granted by one of their Canadian subjects during their
summertime visit?

St. James's Palace published an inventory of all gifts received during the royal
couple's overseas tours in 2011. It contains more than a dozen pages.

Most tokens were given by individuals. The rolls contain objects ranging from a
new iPad (bestowed by the governor of California) to newspaper clippings, wine
coasters, teddy bears, recipe books, framed embroidery, Champagne and even a dog
toy - presumably intended for the Queen's corgis.

In addition to children's drawings, the pair also received a quilt,
commemorative coins, a wooden humidor and, inexplicably, two mosquito traps from
the federal health minister.

Calgary proved no less generous: The Alberta Boot Co. supplied two pairs of
handmade western boots made of dimpled ostrich leather and kangaroo uppers.

Ben Gerwing, who helped design the footwear, said the company had received
inquiries and phone calls from fashionistas looking for identical pairs.

"We've made a couple of pairs," he said.

The company, which also supplied boots to Prince Charles during that royal visit
in the late 1970s, said they had to finagle William and Kate's shoe sizes from
those responsible for the Alberta leg of the tour.

"We had to convert the British size to Canada, or North America sizes, and go
from there," he said.

The duke has been spotted in his cognac brown pair, which sported a custom
Calgary stitch pattern. No word yet on Kate's lighter tan boots, however.

"Hopefully they (fit) but you never know," Gerwing said.

Because of the rare types of leathers used, each pair cost about $1,000. But
Gerwing said the company was happy to oblige.

"We wanted to do something more special," he said.

Few could forget the Duke and Duchess's most iconic gift from Calgary: two white
Smithbilt hats handed over by Mayor Naheed Nenshi.

Although the couple failed to don the caps at the time, the "It was a gift that
the city was delighted to present to the two of them," said Catherine Humeny,
the protocol co-ordinator with the city.

The hats were packed in a carrying case decorated with a nameplate, along with a
memento card inscribed with the white hat's history.

"We do know that the hats were delivered to the hotel, or that security took the
hats along with them," Humeny said.

"To the best of our knowledge, those hats certainly accompanied them back to
England."

The felt Smithbilts cost $140 each, she added.

jgerson@calgaryherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Noble, Reuters; The Duke and Duchess made good use of their gifts
from Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi - two white Smithbilt hats.; Alberta Boot Co.;
The Alberta Boot Co. supplied Kate and William with handmade western boots made
of dimpled ostrich leather and kangaroo uppers.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Half-price at worst; betting on the Pats

BYLINE: Clive McFarlane

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; CLIVE MCFARLANE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 652 words


A jeweler who brought himself up by the bootstraps turned his successful
business over to his oldest offspring, who straight off began giving the store
away.

That is perhaps what you might think of Arpine Azizian when you hear about the
play she is making as new owner of Shavarsh Jewelry Design at 420 Main, the
business her dad, Shavarsh Azizian, built from scratch.

Ms. Azizian is offering a 100 percent refund on all Shavarsh jewelry purchases
made before Dec. 9 - should the New England Patriots go undefeated.

That bears repeating.

If you purchase jewelry at Shavarsh by then and the Patriots win their remaining
seven games, you get your money back. The store is also offering a 50 percent
discount on jewelry bought before the Dec. 9 game against Pittsburgh.

Ms. Azizian is only 19, but she is no Dallas Cowboy shooting from the hip. She
is a passionate Patriots fan who knows that one of the surest catches in the NFL
these days is a Tom Brady pass to Randy Moss.

And knowing this, she is well aware that celebrating an undefeated season for
the Patriots this year is just a matter of decorum - that is, deciding whether
or not the celebration should wait for the fat lady to sing.

"According to Las Vegas, the money is streaming in on them going undefeated,"
Ms. Azizian said, with a twinkle in her eyes.

"But that is good. I want the Patriots to win. I am rooting for them."

OK, so she doesn't need to worry. Her store is insured against the potential hit
it would take should the Patriots go undefeated.

But even with a cap on the amount of sales the store can make with the
promotion, you have to wonder how she was able to finagle an insurance company
into backing such a deal.

Hang with her a couple of minutes, and the answer is clear. She is simply
persuasive.

She believes that life is something you design, and that the more creative you
are, the more pleasurable life can be. She also believes that a woman's life can
be as big she wants it to be.

"Shavarsh jewelry should be known around the world, and I will make it happen,"
she said.

She got her creativity and her self-assuredness from her dad, who came here in
1979 after being trained as one of the top jewelry makers in the former Soviet
Union, and who - by age 16 - had become the youngest jeweler in the Armenian
capital of Yerevan.

Some of you might have heard Mr. Azizian's story, how he started a jewelry
business here by melting down his mother's gold wedding band and his father's
gold teeth to make filigreed rings.

Then, on top of his game after he made the name Shavarsh synonymous with fine
custom jewelry, and after he compiled a multimillion-dollar inventory of rings,
bracelets, necklaces and earrings, heart problems forced him to walk two years
ago.

There was talk at the time that he would close the business, but it soon became
obvious that Arpine, who had grown up in the store and learned

the nuances of the trade from her father over the years, should carry on the
family's tradition.

She is a recent graduate of the Gemological Institute of America, advertised as
the world's largest and most respected nonprofit institute of gemological
research and learning. She has traveled to Europe and throughout the United
States to learn more about the manufacturing side of the business.

Already Shavarsh is being recharged with Arpine's own line of jewelry, pieces
she has designed and manufactured to appeal to the "youth" in all of us.

At the moment, she is appealing to the Patriot in us as well, and I am sure that
she, at the very least, has the attention of the women throughout the New
England Patriots kingdom.

So, if you are a die-hard Patriots male fan, you had better start preparing
yourself for the moment (which is as sure as Brady-to-Moss pass completion) when
the wife or the girlfriend drops a Shavarsh promotional flier on your lap, and
asks:

Can you feel the love?

Contact Clive McFarlane via e-mail at cmcfarlane@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 4, 2016 Saturday

MY WEEKEND: Vincent Kartheiser

BYLINE: and Andrea Morabito

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 312 words


Actor Vincent Kartheiser ("Mad Men") and his actress wife Alexis Bledel go where
the work is, so almost a year ago the couple decamped Brooklyn Heights for LA,
where she's filming "Gilmore Girls" and he filmed the new season of "Casual"
(premiering Tuesday on Hulu). A self-described "homebody," Kartheiser tells
ANDREA MORABITO how he and Bledel - new parents to a baby boy - spend an ideal
weekend in New York City.

WE'RE kind of a chill couple, so we do things like go to the park and walk
around. When we were in Brooklyn it was usually Prospect Park. When we go to the
city we pop to the Met, we walk to Central Park. Bring a blanket, bring a book
and head to Strawberry Fields or Sheep Meadow - any big expanse where you can
actually find the sun underneath the trees on a nice spring or summer day and
kill an hour and a half and just sprawl out.

I don't get to go [to art museums] as much as I want to, but it's one of my
favorite things to do. I'm a huge Egon Schiele fan so [I like] the Neue Galerie
across from the Met. The Whitney, I haven't been to the new one, so that's
something I would do.

We're always trying new [restaurants]. The place I used to love is closed now,
it was called Siggy's.

They still have one in Soho but the original one was in Brooklyn Heights. And
there was a pasta place we used to go called Noodle Pudding.

There's a bar called Jack the Horse Tavern that I really liked. Those are my
jams.

If we're going to go out [on a date], we usually go out for dinner and a movie,
or dinner and a show if something good is out and we want to venture into the
madness of Times Square and Broadway. I usually let her pick [the restaurant],
or we're Yelping it at the last minute and then I'm trying to finagle to let
them serve us at the bar: "Put the place mats near the bathroom and we'll just
stand in this hallway. That's fine!"

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vincent Kartheiser lets his wife choose the restaurant on date night.
[Rich Fury/Invision/AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Attorney: Locals invested $750K in reported scam

BYLINE: Mitchell Kirk, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Aug. 17--More than 20 people from Cass and Pulaski counties contributed about
$750,000 to a former Logansport man facing federal charges of defrauding
investors, according to a local attorney.

Larry Westby, 64, Vanderbilt, Michigan, faces charges of mail fraud, money
laundering and fraud in the offer and sale of securities. The FBI, IRS and
Indiana Secretary of State's office accuse the former Logansport resident of
scamming investors out of more than $985,000. Westby started a company called
LMW Inc. he based in Indianapolis with the reported objective of selling
respiratory therapy protocols.

Scott Starr, a partner with the Logansport-based law firm Starr Austen & Miller,
said he spent about a year investigating LMW on behalf of a couple dozen
investors starting in 2014. Those investors had bought a total of 732 shares in
LMW totaling about $750,000 collectively, Starr said. Most of the investors
hailed from Cass County and some from Pulaski County, he continued. Of the
shareholders Starr worked with, he said the largest investment was for $145,000,
while most were in the $25,000 range.

Starr estimates he's represented more than 1,400 victims of securities fraud
since the 1980s.

"Because I have a lot of experience in doing this work, it was pretty obvious to
me that this was a securities fraud case," Starr said of LMW. "...Still, a lot
of people we talked to wanted to believe that it was still good, but I tried to
tell them this looks bad to me, smells bad to me."

The firm's investigation discovered Westby didn't have a license to sell
securities and that the securities he was selling were unregistered -- a breach
of Indiana Code, Starr said.

"Larry Westby was just ignoring all of the laws in the way that he was handling
these investments," he added.

Some of the investors started providing the firm with copies of information
appearing on LMW's website. It totals more than 100 pages reporting on the
financial condition of the company from 2009 through 2015, when Westby shut the
website down.

Part of those communications include reports of selling LMW for more than $37
million. Minor hitches kept pushing back the finalization of the sale, however,
according to the reports.

"That's a hallmark of fraud," Starr said. "We see that a lot."

One issue holding up the sale was a Medicaid fraud investigation into one of
LMW's Florida-based customers, Westby told investors.

But when Starr reached out to Medicaid fraud investigators in Washington, D.C.,
he said he learned there was no such investigation.

"At that point, I knew he was just a fraud," Starr said.

Starr proceeded to tell the investors.

"Most of them believed us; a few of them still believed Larry Westby," he said.
"...Every fraud case I've handled, the fraudster is a very nice guy and
incredibly trustworthy and believable because if you look like a crook and you
act like a crook, you are not able to finagle money out of people."

While he was certain Westby was committing fraud, Starr said there was no hope
in securing compensation for the investors and chose not to pursue a lawsuit. If
Westby had an employer or an entity responsible for him, like an insurance
company, things would have been different, Starr explained.

"We just decided that there was not going to be a recovery here for these
victims and after working about a year, we decided not to take the case," he
said.

The firm turned over its investigation to the Indiana Secretary of State
Securities Division, which worked with the FBI and IRS to indict Westby earlier
this month. The agencies accuse Westby of spending LMW investments on two
vehicles, the repayment of a personal loan, personal credit card bills and a
vintage basketball court.

"This is one of those deals where he just literally stole people's money, gave
them a story and spent the money on himself," Starr said. "And he should go to
prison for this. In my experience, I've had a lot of cases where the fraudsters
end up in prison."

Westby's indictment also lists investors from Beverly Shores, Zionsville,
Greensburg and Newburgh. A jury trial is currently scheduled for Oct. 3 in U.S.
District Court Southern District of Indiana.

Attempts to reach Westby this week continued to be unsuccessful.

Reach Mitchell Kirk at mitchell.kirk@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5130

Read copies of the internet site authorities say was used to scam investors
online at pharostribune.com.

___ (c)2016 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160817-LG-Attorney-Locals-invested-750K-in-reported-scam-0817-20160817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2016 Pharos-Tribune


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 29, 2011 Saturday

Top Gunnar: Black Hawk Hughes to hook up with older brother

BYLINE: Jim Nelson, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 646 words


Jan. 29--WATERLOO -- On a frozen pond behind their home in Lake Forest, Ill.,
Gunnar and George Hughes had many one-on-one hockey battles growing up as kids.

But with a four-year age difference, the Hughes brothers have never played on
the same team.

That will change next year when Gunnar, one of the leading scorers for this
season's Waterloo Black Hawks, will join his brother, a former Black Hawk, at
St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York.

"That was the plan when we were younger, if we could," said Gunnar Hughes, who
now calls Westwood, Mass., home. "But he is four years older than me, so it
never looked like it would happen."

As it turns out, George, a sophomore defenseman at St. Lawrence this year,
repeated a year of boarding school at The Taft School in Watertown, Conn.

The elder Hughes then spent the 2008-09 season with Waterloo, where he had four
goals and 16 assists in 47 games.

"I kind of gained two years on him, so I'm finally going to get to play with
him," said Gunnar, who is a senior at West High this year. "We grew up playing
each other on the pond or at the rink where I could come down and work against
him one-on-one. He made me a better player.

"And I've always wanted to play college hockey with George, so it's going to be
great next year to be with him ... on the same team."

Until that time, Black Hawks head coach P.K. O'Handley is enjoying the talents
of the younger Hughes, whom he acquired in a three-way summer trade with Des
Moines and Indiana.

The 6-foot-1, 198-pound Hughes was drafted in last May's USHL Entry Draft by
Indiana following a standout year at Salisbury Prep in Western Connecticut.

After making the Ice's roster in a June tryout camp, Hughes said Indiana
informed him they were going to trade him to another USHL team.

As O'Handley recalls it, the Black Hawks weren't one of the teams Indiana was
considering. That is how the trade became a three-way trade.

"Finagle ... that would be the appropriate way to describe how we got Gunnar,"
O'Handley said.

"George was here, obviously, and we wanted Gunnar. Their family advisor (Tim
Sheehy) is a close friend of mine.

"It was a great trade for us. If I had to do it again, I'd probably have given
more."

They are different personalities. Where George was reserved, Gunnar has an
outgoing personality.

"George was a work boots, flannel shirt and hard-hat type of guy," O'Handley
said. "Gunnar ... he's got that dress code to deal with at school, but it's not
him.

"It's an interesting contrast those two. As an adult, you get to sit back and
have the best of both worlds and see those kids. You admire them both for who
they are, but it is amazing to see the differences between each."

One fact that remains the same with both Hughes brothers is their work ethic.

O'Handley said Gunnar reminds him of former Black Hawks Tim Gilbert and Jake
Schwan from an effort standpoint.

"Gunnar will stick his face in front of a puck, take the body when he has to
take the body," O'Handley said. "He'll play with more effort than anybody else
until he's blue in the face."

In 30 games this year, Hughes has eight goals and six assists and has been more
than willing to mix it up, ranking third on the Black Hawks in penalty minutes.

"It's a lot faster hockey with better players," said Hughes, whose father,
George, was a hockey standout at Harvard. "This is where I wanted to be. My
brother turned into quite a player by playing in this league. "It's taken me
awhile to find my ground, but everything feels like it is going full speed now."

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110129-OO-Top-Gunnar-Black-Hawk-Hughes-to-hook-up-with-older-brother-0129-2011
0129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 11, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'Catch Me' doesn't capture the art of the con;
Mischievous finagler's rival steals the show

BYLINE: Elysa Gardner

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 501 words


NEW YORK -- Frank Abagnale Jr., the former con artist whose memoir inspired a
Steven Spielberg movie, managed to pass himself off as an airline pilot, a
pediatrician and an attorney before turning 21.

One feat that Abagnale did not attempt was writing and starring in a stage
musical about his youthful adventures. And now we know why.

Not that Catch Me If You Can (** 1/2 out of four), the new Broadway show based
on the aforementioned film and autobiography of the same name, is a dud.
Boasting a score by the famously witty team of Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman
and a book by Terrence McNally,  Catch Me is too ambitious and stylish in its
efforts to entertain and move us to induce boredom.

The main problem with this production, which opened Sunday at the Neil Simon
Theatre, is that only one of the two leading men is consistently compelling. And
it's not the one playing Abagnale (Aaron Tveit).

Rather, it's the actor  cast as his nemesis. Norbert Leo Butz is predictably
marvelous as Carl Hanratty, the schlumpy federal agent who stalks and eventually
nails the underage schemer -- though not as handily as Butz walks away with the
show.

Don't blame Tveit, the square-jawed young actor who plays Frank Jr. -- at least
not entirely. A robust singer and fluid dancer, Tveit exudes the kind of slick
charm that surely helped Abagnale finagle his way into diverse fields, not to
mention considerable fortune.

But that charm wears thin over 2 1/2 hours in which Frank Jr. and his exploits
are so dominant. The musical is structured so that we see our mischievous
finagler crafting his own story, introducing some numbers and then literally
trying to sing and dance his way out of trouble. It's a canny conceit, but one
that only emphasizes the character's disingenuousness.

Frank Jr.'s troubled family background also is documented, with a poignant Tom
Wopat as Frank Sr., a less successful player who is nonetheless idolized by his
son. But Tveit is most authentic when trying to seduce or impress us; he doesn't
reveal the kind of vulnerability that would make us care about the younger
Frank, as Leonardo DiCaprio did in the screen version.

In contrast, Butz imbues Carl (played by Tom Hanks in the film) with wry humor
and bittersweet humanity. It's no accident that Tveit's Frank Jr. is more
sympathetic in his scenes with Carl, who emerges both as a father figure and a
fellow lonely soul.

Butz also handles the musical numbers with an ease that often trumps Tveit's
more aggressive virtuosity. Certainly, Butz is more adept at milking Shaiman's
jazzy nuances, which nod tothe more sophisticated side of '60s pop culture, from
James Bond to Sinatra.

There are other elegant and frisky flourishes, from William Ivey Long's
eye-candy costumes to Jerry Mitchell's  vampish choreography -- both of which
draw attention to the leggy, voluptuous figures in the female ensemble.

Still, in failing to deliver a youthful protagonist you can really cheer for,
this Catch Me If You Can may leave you feeling a bit cheated.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Joan Marcus via AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: STAGE REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

STURDY GREAT-GRANDMOTHER PLANS TO HITCH IDITA-RIDE OF LIFE;

BYLINE: Jim Kershner Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 503 words


Mary Ann Tripp is an 82-year-old Spokane clog-dancing instructor.

You heard me.

And the great thing about her story is: She's about to participate in an
activity even more unlikely - the Iditarod.

On March 7, Tripp will ride on a dog sled in Alaska's Iditarod race, thus
fulfilling one of her longtime goals.

This clog-dancing great-grandmother won't exactly be a musher. She'll be a guest
rider on the sled for the first 10 miles. In musher's parlance, she'll be an
Idita-rider.

Yet those 10 miles should provide enough thrills for any 82-year-old.

"I'll be sitting on the sled, all strapped in, all bundled in," Mary Ann said.
"Have you seen how fast they go? I need to learn the musher word for 'Whoa!' "

She's busy this weekend making preparations for Alaska: packing her warm
clothes, arranging her transportation, updating her will ?

Updating her ??

"Oh, don't worry," she said. "I'm not worried about the dog trip. The will is
more for the airplane trip."

Mind you, Mary Ann, a 1944 North Central High School graduate, hasn't actually
ridden on a dog sled before.

But Mary Ann has been fascinated by dog-sled racing since one of her sons,
Chuck, moved to Anchorage in 1974. She went to Alaska to visit him, attended a
championship dog-sled sprint race and was hooked.

She has been particularly fascinated with the Iditarod, the most famous race of
all. In fact, one wall of her north Spokane living room is devoted to Iditarod
paintings and posters.

Why does she love it so much?

"The dogs," she said, as the two dogs in her backyard barked in approval. "I
really am a dog person. And a wolf person."

So her son  and his wife, Janeie,  have been trying for years to finagle an
Iditarod ride for Mary Ann. Janeie works for Horizon Lines, a shipping company
that  sponsors an Iditarod racing team. Every year, the company holds a drawing
for the right to be the guest Idita-rider on the team. The guest rider gets to
ride on the 10-mile ceremonial leg of the race out of Anchorage.

This year, they finally picked Mary Ann's entry. Her son called her and told her
she was about to get the best birthday present ever.

"I was so excited," she said.

She'll be riding with musher Robert Nelson, who will presumably be extra careful
with his cargo.

Yet Mary Ann is not the most fragile of 82-year-olds. She is the leader of the
Happy Feet Cloggers, the senior clog-dancing group. She teaches classes through
the Institute for Extended Learning at the Sinto Senior Center.

Isn't clogging a little bit arduous for a woman her age?

"The only thing that makes it challenging is that I have a bad knee and a bad
hip," she allowed.

Other than that, why not teach clog-dancing? She started teaching tap, ballet
and jazz dance 55 years ago, and switched to clogging about 23 years ago.

"Clogging is more relaxing and more fun," she said. "Not so regimented."

By the way, her musher, Nelson, is a veteran racer from Kotzebue, Alaska. She
doesn't know much about him yet except for one thing.

"I'm more than twice his age," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jim Kershner can be reached at (509) 459-5493 or by e-mail at
jimk@spokesman.com

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Barber embarks on journey of success

BYLINE: Sam Easter Forum News Service

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1297 words


Patrick O'Rourke still remembers the first time he tried cocaine.

It was in the late 1970s in Orlando. O'Rourke managed a bowling alley in the New
York City area back then, and managers had traveled from cross-country for a
convention in Florida. There was a party-"Las Vegas" night, he said-and there
was cocaine from a guy from New Jersey who dealt on the side on a hotel room
table.

O'Rourke said he was ready to go to bed. Then he tried it.

Perspective, sound, feeling, pleasure-everything felt heightened. Suddenly, he
was the life of the party.

"I don't know how to explain it," O'Rourke said, "Other than the best sex you've
ever had on Christmas Day."

It was this first brush with the drug that haunted him for decades, sparking an
addiction that would put him behind bars and through a devastating estrangement
from his wife and children. His life unraveled, and he spent years in and out of
a cell, at one point sleeping among the homeless and stealing to buy crack.

Looking at O'Rourke now, it's hard to believe that he ever lived that life.
Today, the 65-year-old wears a smock as he cuts hair at People Barbers in Grand
Cities Mall. He's since worked to patch up his relationship with his family,
started doing flooring work and has grown deeply involved with a Christian group
that helps ex-offenders.

Later this year, he plans to travel to Florida to face up to a warrant that has
dogged him for years.

"My life is so turned around now because I was always looking over my shoulder,"
he said. "I didn't want to see a cop, I didn't want to see a judge, and now I
cut their hair."

Downward spiral

O'Rourke was born in the New York City area in the 1950s, the the eldest of
three children. His mother remarried when he was still a young child, and his
stepfather got a job with what's now national defense contractor Northrop
Grumman, which meant moving the family all over the country. O'Rourke did part
of high school in New Mexico and another part near New York City, but he dropped
out his senior year.

O'Rourke married his high school sweetheart when he was 18, and he was a father
before he was 20.

He calls himself a go-getter; even though he never graduated high school, he
managed to "finagle"-as he put it-his way into a retail job and eventually into
the bowling alley gig that led him to Orlando.

But drugs changed his life. As his habit grew, he started taking money from work
and floating checks to cover himself. Eventually, he got caught and fired. He
worked a series of odd jobs in the New York area for several years-from roofing
work to clam fishing-before he and his family moved in 1982 to be near his
mother and stepfather in south Florida.

O'Rourke began to accumulate a long rap sheet of offenses-from check fraud to
grand larceny-in the 1980s to more frequent charges in the 1990s, including drug
and parole violations, as he spent a good portion of time as a flooring
contractor.

When he looks back on his time as a father and a husband-eventually to two sons
and a daughter-he said he remembers some fond memories.

"I went to my kids softball games and their soccer games. I even remember taking
my daughter on her field trips in grade school," he said. "But it always
happened when (I) was clean. But it always happened before a relapse, and then
everybody's expectations of me were destroyed. Over and over again, I would get
back on that stuff."

O'Rourke's 42-year-old son, Trevor Prescott, recalls the time his parents
started a lawn care service to keep the family afloat.

"There's a million stories I could tell you about growing up, but when he was on
drugs, he would come and steal the trailer full of lawn equipment from us,"
Prescott said. "But when he's on the straight and narrow, he'll take the shirt
off his back for you."

O'Rourke recounted some of the moments when his family started to pull away. His
wife finally left him in the 1990s, he said. He got the divorce papers while he
was in jail, but still remembers trying to win her over.

"She couldn't even look at me," O'Rourke said. "She just said, 'It's over. It's
over. I just don't want to be married anymore.' I just used that as an excuse to
get even worse, and then things got really bad."

Hitting bottom

O'Rourke continued a spiral that led him further away from his family, with a
rap sheet that alternately lists his last name and Prescott, his stepfather's.
Records on file with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement showed he
continued to rack up arrests through the 2000s, from vehicle theft to drug
possession. Late in the 2000s, he found himself sleeping among the homeless in
St. Petersburg, Fla.

"I was doing whatever I had to do, panhandling or stealing to get money for
crack cocaine later that night," he said. "I lost all motivation and all will to
do the right thing. It's like all I wanted to do was stay numb, all the time."

In 2011, he nearly caused a car wreck after crossing a busy highway, and a July
29 incident in which he still has an active warrant-for burglary, fraud and
theft-threatened to catch up with him. He wanted change, and he'd found a job
online with a carpeting store in Bismarck, so he asked his brother to pay his
bus fare.

His life's greatest tipping point came just after he arrived. In late October,
O'Rourke stole a hotel van from a Comfort Inn in Bismarck after chasing several
Vicodins with some vodka. He wanted to go to a local liquor store, but crashed
the van into a garage.

"I was sitting in this squad car when they arrested me, and I absolutely knew I
had enough at that point. I cried out to God," O'Rourke said. "If I've got to
spend the rest of my life in prison, I said, 'I'm done. I'm going to go there
serving you.' I can't explain it, but I never had the obsession to use drugs
again."

O'Rourke spent months behind bars. By 2013, he was back out and determined it
was time to put his life back together.

Rebound

Shortly after his release, he met a friend that led him to a Bible study at
Project Home-a residence in Fargo run by Jail Chaplains, a Christian
organization with various outreach programs. O'Rourke moved in during June of
that year. His time there, he said, was transformative, building a circle of
supporters that still speak warmly of him.

"Basically, a big piece of what we do at Project Home is to help the residents
build healthy relationships," said Gerri Leach, executive director for Jail
Chaplains. "Patrick is a beautiful example of that. He's built healthy
relationships with other residents in the home, with our mentor team, with the
staff."

O'Rourke volunteered at the Salvation Army and worked at the New Life Center in
Fargo, the latter giving him the opportunity to work directly with those who led
broken lives, much the same way he had.

"There's not a lot of people that have gone as far down ... to the pits of
addiction as I have and returned," he said of speaking out about his life. "I
feel that I can reach those people that are either on his way down that far, or
has even been further, and show them that if you stop, and if you have recovery,
the sky's the limit."

Maybe the most important contact that he made was with a friend in a barber
school, which led him to the profession. After training at Moler Barber School
in Fargo, he landed a position at People Barbers in Grand Forks, where he still
cuts hair today.

O'Rourke said he doesn't see his story solely as a tale of self-redemption. It's
the people he's met, he said, that put him where he is now.

Doors keep opening for him, he added. He's started doing the same contract
flooring work that was his mainstay during his years in Florida, and he's
starting to talk about acquiring a business loan.

"I didn't think I could start a new career at age 63," he said of becoming a
barber. "All I knew was the restaurant business and floor covering."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

After a life filled with crime and cocaine, Grand Forks barber seeks redemption

BYLINE: Sam Easter, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1658 words


March 21--Patrick O'Rourke still remembers the first time he tried cocaine.

It was in the late 1970s in Orlando. O'Rourke managed a bowling alley in the New
York City area back then, and managers had traveled from cross-country for a
convention in Florida. There was a party--"Las Vegas" night, he said--and there
was cocaine from a guy from New Jersey who dealt on the side on a hotel room
table.

O'Rourke said he was ready to go to bed. Then he tried it.

Perspective, sound, feeling, pleasure--everything felt heightened. Suddenly, he
was the life of the party.

"I don't know how to explain it," O'Rourke said, "Other than the best sex you've
ever had on Christmas Day."

It was this first brush with the drug that haunted him for decades, sparking an
addiction that would put him behind bars and through a devastating estrangement
from his wife and children. His life unraveled, and he spent years in and out of
a cell, at one point sleeping among the homeless and stealing to buy crack.

Looking at O'Rourke now, it's hard to believe that he ever lived that life.
Today, the 65-year-old wears a smock as he cuts hair at People Barbers in Grand
Cities Mall. He's since worked to patch up his relationship with his family,
started doing flooring work and has grown deeply involved with a Christian group
that helps ex-offenders.

Later this year, he plans to travel to Florida to face up to a warrant that has
dogged him for years.

"My life is so turned around now because I was always looking over my shoulder,"
he said. "I didn't want to see a cop, I didn't want to see a judge, and now I
cut their hair."

Downward spiral

O'Rourke was born in the New York City area in the 1950s, the the eldest of
three children. His mother remarried when he was still a young child, and his
stepfather got a job with what's now national defense contractor Northrop
Grumman, which meant moving the family all over the country. O'Rourke did part
of high school in New Mexico and another part near New York City, but he dropped
out his senior year.

O'Rourke married his high school sweetheart when he was 18, and he was a father
before he was 20.

He calls himself a go-getter; even though he never graduated high school, he
managed to "finagle"--as he put it--his way into a retail job and eventually
into the bowling alley gig that led him to Orlando.

But drugs changed his life. As his habit grew, he started taking money from work
and floating checks to cover himself. Eventually, he got caught and fired. He
worked a series of odd jobs in the New York area for several years--from roofing
work to clam fishing--before he and his family moved in 1982 to be near his
mother and stepfather in south Florida.

O'Rourke began to accumulate a long rap sheet of offenses--from check fraud to
grand larceny--in the 1980s to more frequent charges in the 1990s, including
drug and parole violations, as he spent a good portion of time as a flooring
contractor.

When he looks back on his time as a father and a husband--eventually to two sons
and a daughter--he said he remembers some fond memories.

"I went to my kids softball games and their soccer games. I even remember taking
my daughter on her field trips in grade school," he said. "But it always
happened when (I) was clean. But it always happened before a relapse, and then
everybody's expectations of me were destroyed. Over and over again, I would get
back on that stuff."

O'Rourke's 42-year-old son, Trevor Prescott, recalls the time his parents
started a lawn care service to keep the family afloat.

"There's a million stories I could tell you about growing up, but when he was on
drugs, he would come and steal the trailer full of lawn equipment from us,"
Prescott said. "But when he's on the straight and narrow, he'll take the shirt
off his back for you."

O'Rourke recounted some of the moments when his family started to pull away. His
wife finally left him in the 1990s, he said. He got the divorce papers while he
was in jail, but still remembers trying to win her over.

"She couldn't even look at me," O'Rourke said. "She just said, 'It's over. It's
over. I just don't want to be married anymore.' I just used that as an excuse to
get even worse, and then things got really bad."

Hitting bottom

O'Rourke continued a spiral that led him further away from his family, with a
rap sheet that alternately lists his last name and Prescott, his stepfather's.
Records on file with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement showed he
continued to rack up arrests through the 2000s, from vehicle theft to drug
possession. Late in the 2000s, he found himself sleeping among the homeless in
St. Petersburg, Fla.

"I was doing whatever I had to do, panhandling or stealing to get money for
crack cocaine later that night," he said. "I lost all motivation and all will to
do the right thing. It's like all I wanted to do was stay numb, all the time."

In 2011, he nearly caused a car wreck after crossing a busy highway, and a July
29 incident in which he still has an active warrant--for burglary, fraud and
theft--threatened to catch up with him. He wanted change, and he'd found a job
online with a carpeting store in Bismarck, so he asked his brother to pay his
bus fare.

His life's greatest tipping point came just after he arrived. In late October,
O'Rourke stole a hotel van from a Comfort Inn in Bismarck after chasing several
Vicodins with some vodka. He wanted to go to a local liquor store, but crashed
the van into a garage.

"I was sitting in this squad car when they arrested me, and I absolutely knew I
had enough at that point. I cried out to God," O'Rourke said. "If I've got to
spend the rest of my life in prison, I said, 'I'm done. I'm going to go there
serving you.' I can't explain it, but I never had the obsession to use drugs
again."

O'Rourke spent months behind bars. By 2013, he was back out and determined it
was time to put his life back together.

Rebound

Shortly after his release, he met a friend that led him to a Bible study at
Project Home--a residence in Fargo run by Jail Chaplains, a Christian
organization with various outreach programs. O'Rourke moved in during June of
that year. His time there, he said, was transformative, building a circle of
supporters that still speak warmly of him.

"Basically, a big piece of what we do at Project Home is to help the residents
build healthy relationships," said Gerri Leach, executive director for Jail
Chaplains. "Patrick is a beautiful example of that. He's built healthy
relationships with other residents in the home, with our mentor team, with the
staff."

O'Rourke volunteered at the Salvation Army and worked at the New Life Center in
Fargo, the latter giving him the opportunity to work directly with those who led
broken lives, much the same way he had.

"There's not a lot of people that have gone as far down ... to the pits of
addiction as I have and returned," he said of speaking out about his life. "I
feel that I can reach those people that are either on his way down that far, or
has even been further, and show them that if you stop, and if you have recovery,
the sky's the limit."

Maybe the most important contact that he made was with a friend in a barber
school, which led him to the profession. After training at Moler Barber School
in Fargo, he landed a position at People Barbers in Grand Forks, where he still
cuts hair today.

O'Rourke said he doesn't see his story solely as a tale of self-redemption. It's
the people he's met, he said, that put him where he is now.

Doors keep opening for him, he added. He's started doing the same contract
flooring work that was his mainstay during his years in Florida, and he's
starting to talk about acquiring a business loan.

"I didn't think I could start a new career at age 63," he said of becoming a
barber. "All I knew was the restaurant business and floor covering."

'I'm going to try'

Clippers in hand and wearing his barber's smock, it's easy to believe O'Rourke
has stood at his barber's chair for decades. On the ledge below a mirror
spanning the back of the shop, customers can find combs, clipper heads and
scissors arranged neatly on his counter, and a small photo of his granddaughters
sits nearby in a lime-green frame.

In December, he made easy banter with Brandon Guzman, another employee at People
Barbers dressed in a teal flat-bill hat with a heavy gold chain around his neck.
There was a fresh blanket of snow outside the Grand Cities Mall, and Guzman
wished it would all go away.

"I wish it would snow 10 inches. I'm from south Florida," O'Rourke countered,
his hands busy with the clippers alongside a customer's scalp. He ticked off the
long list of dangers he faced for years, from hurricanes to sharks. "Then again,
I only have front-wheel drive on my car."

It's not clear if he'll get the second chance he wants with his family. Prescott
said O'Rourke's ex-wife--his mother--is likely permanently estranged, despite
O'Rourke's constant fondness for her.

O'Rourke's other children still aren't reconciled with him, Prescott said.

"I always hope the best for my dad, but I keep him at arm's length," Prescott
said. "I keep him at a distance because I don't know how long is long enough for
him to prove he's clean."

But O'Rourke said he continues to dream of the day he's back together with his
family. He still has his active warrants in Florida on file with the Indian
River County Sheriff's Office; They've dogged him for years, but if it means
going back to jail to go home, he said he'll face them.

He's saving money for the trip, he said, and he hopes to go later this year.

"I have a new life now," he said. "But just going back and thinking about the
insanity of all the stuff that I did, it brings back all that remorse," he said.
"(My ex-wife) is probably the only one that I can't make amends to.

"I'm going to try."

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160321-GF-After-a-life-filled-with-crime-and-cocaine-Grand-Forks-barber-seeks-
redemption-0321-20160321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 29, 2008 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Deciding On Debt-Based Or Debt-Free Expansion

BYLINE: MOREY STETTNER

SECTION: MANAGING FOR SUCCESS; CEO ROUNDTABLE; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 450 words


It's not enough to come up with a great idea and launch a company. The most
successful entrepreneurs plot their company's expansion and find effective ways
to fund its growth.

Raising capital can involve bank loans, angel investors, venture capitalists and
even private equity firms that fund small-business growth. Some founders who
have an aversion to debt may bootstrap their way to success without outside
capital.

The challenge for many business builders is attaining next-level growth while
avoiding a financial squeeze. By weighing all their options dispassionately,
they can make an informed choice that complements their own values and strategic
objectives.

Here's how three leaders funded their firm's fast growth:

** Celia Goode-Haddock, president and CEO, University Title Co. in College
Station, Texas:

Three years ago, we got a 10-year loan from a bank to fund the remodeling of our
building. We were able to pay it off within one year because our results were
better than I had projected. Now we're debt-free, which is how I like it.

We have one office and we focus on serving one county, where we're the leading
title company with 56% of the business. I've read news articles about a bigger
company in our industry that didn't survive. It had many branches throughout the
state. In the articles, the company's executives blamed their bankers for their
company's downfall. They said: "It's the bank's fault. It didn't extend our
loans."

Rather than blame the lenders, my view is it's important to take responsibility.
If you fund growth through loans, then it's up to you to set a budget and pay
them off.

** Laura Trust, co-president, Finagle A Bagel in Newton, Mass.:

My husband and I bought the business 10 years ago. For the first few years, we
used traditional bank financing. Since that time, we've funded our growth --
from five to 20 stores -- out of cash flow and using our own money.

If we choose to grow in the future, we'll likely choose to franchise because the
capital demands are so high to open a new store. It can cost $300,000 to
$500,000. Because it's difficult to grow a capital-intensive business
internally, if we want to grow from this point we'll turn to a franchise model.

** Dennis Sponer, president and CEO, ScripNet in Las Vegas:

My wife and I own the company. We've bootstrapped the whole time, using cash
flow from operations to grow our business. Not raising capital from outside
investors has made us more conservative: We don't spend what we don't have.

We got our first bank loan 18 months ago -- a line of credit. We also got a
construction loan. Banks didn't talk to us when we really needed a line of
credit, but that's okay. Now we don't need it, so we got it.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 11, 1999, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Glazer's cooperation required

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 397 words



Malcolm Glazer is setting new standards for his low regard for Tampa. During the
holiday season, he snubbed a request to meet with Hillsborough County's top
elected official, then balked at upholding his end of the county's lease with
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Glazer's arrogance is par for the course, but the
county needs his help to solve a multimillion-dollar crisis partly of his
making. The least Glazer can do is spare a few minutes on his way home from the
bank.

Under the Buccaneers' lease, the county is liable to pay the property taxes for
the new stadium. The freebie was among several incentives given to keep the team
in Tampa. Commissioners have only themselves, their predecessors and the county
staff to blame, but Glazer at least should have had the grace to meet with
commission chairwoman Jan Platt. Consider it a small price for the tens of
millions Glazer will earn from the taxpayer-financed stadium - a $ 318-million
facility for which Glazer originally promised to pay half the cost.

The county also wants Glazer to make public the contracts of those who bought
luxury suites at the new stadium. Under the Bucs' contract with the county, the
lease agreements are public record. Commissioners say they need the documents to
determine whether individual owners are liable for property taxes on their
luxury suites. Hillsborough Property Appraiser Rob Turner has requested the
contracts, too, to ensure that all private property is included on the tax roll.

The commission and Turner are fulfilling their legal obligations as public
stewards. Even if Glazer refuses to budge, Platt did a service by putting the
team owner on record for turning his back when the taxpayers needed him.
Commissioner Ronda Storms put it well: "At some point, the Glazers will need
this board."

The county, nevertheless, should press ahead and demand that Glazer release the
suite agreements. If the Bucs refuse, delay or withhold information that legally
must be made public under the contract, the county should sue. The commission
also should move to disband the Tampa Sports Authority, a gang of freeloaders
that managed to finagle a luxury box for themselves but did a characteristically
awful job of protecting the public during the charade that passed for
negotiations to retain the team.

Glazer may own the football team, but he doesn't own the city.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 12, 2004 Sunday

Happy holidays, now get out of my lane!

BYLINE: LORRIE LYKINS

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1063 words


It may be the hap-happiest season of all, but for those of us already a little
around the bend when it comes to irrational driving behavior, the stress of the
holidays is turning us into full-out lunatics.

What is it about taking control of a moving vehicle that turns humans into
seething, irrational misanthropes? Even the most ordinarily laid-back person can
become an invective-spewing nut job when confronted with the combined lack of
consideration and driving skill on the part of fellow motorists.

I admit I've become furious over the behavior of other drivers, but my awareness
of the unpredictability of the actions of others prevents me from displaying one
of my fingers or yelling insulting commentary out the window regarding a
person's IQ. No doubt there is some mysterious something about an engine, rubber
tires and a bit of pavement that alters normal behavior.

Maybe the sense of anonymity and security we believe we have as long as we are
in the confines of our vehicles is emboldening, a perilous delusion in this era
of road rage.

I wonder if scientists have considered studying road rage with lab rats? They
could suit them up in tiny versions of business attire, strap them into
vermin-size SUVs and cram the vehicles full with cell phones, coffee cups,
laptops, tote bags and briefcases, all tiny of course, then unleash the
sleep-deprived, caffeine-fueled, dressed-for-success rats on a packed miniature
thoroughfare and watch chaos ensue.

Kidding aside, road rage is a frightening phenomenon, and those of us who have
witnessed it or participated in it know how quickly things can get out of hand.

I think oafish road-related behavior, like any other extreme behavior, is a
symptom of another issue. I suspect that most of the jerks on the road are
all-round jerks anyway. We encounter them every day. They're the same people who
don't thank you when you hold the door for them. They're the folks who are
incredibly demanding and rude to wait staff in restaurants. They're the ones who
finagle roomier bulkhead seats on airplanes, then lower their seat backs as far
as they will go so that they're practically lying in your lap - that way they
can really spread out.

I find solace in the karmic likelihood that the jerks of the world will
eventually get what's coming to them, maybe in the form of a speeding ticket, an
IRS audit or the inability to relax and enjoy life. And I refuse to allow idiots
on the road to lure me into like behavior. They aren't worth it.

So while you're out and about on our congested lanes, terraces, avenues and
highways this month, spread some holiday cheer. Let someone out of a packed mall
parking lot and don't growl if they fail to do the "thanks, buddy" wave. Save
your outrage about the absence of fair play for the kitchen table UNO
tournament. Allow someone to slide into traffic in front of you. Sure, they
ignored the "right lane ends" sign until the last possible moment and sped past
everyone else in line, but, really, how important is it? Really.

Remind yourself of the absurdity of allowing the cloddishness of another to take
hold and ruin your day, take a deep breath and let it go.

+++

Runners will be jingling all the way through downtown St. Petersburg at this
year's 5K Jingle Bell Run set for Wednesday evening. Sgt. Charlie Burnette of
the St. Petersburg Police Department said officers will begin closing roadways
about 6:30 p.m.

The route will head west from the Pier on Second Avenue NE to Bayshore, north on
Bayshore to Fifth Avenue NE, east on Fifth to Bayshore at Vinoy Park, north on
Bayshore into North Shore Park, turnaround in the lot at approximately 11th
Avenue NE, then back the same way, ending at the starting point at the Pier. The
race begins at 7:30 p.m. and should be over by 9 p.m., but expect some heavy
traffic in that area until 9:30 p.m.

+++

Since the holidays are the deadliest time of year on our roads and motorists
driving under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol contribute significantly to
the problem, the Florida DOT is joining a national effort to curb impaired
driving. December is National Drunk and Drugged Driving Prevention month. The
FDOT said many county and local law enforcement agencies will heighten patrols
for impaired drivers and set up DUI checkpoints throughout the state.

Sgt. Tim Goodman of the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office said DUI "sobriety
checkpoints" in conjunction with the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration "You Drink and Drive. You Lose" program have begun in Pinellas
and "we're running wolf packs (DUI patrols) all the time, too." That's good news
because, unfortunately, Pinellas is among the top 10 Florida counties that
account for more than 60 percent of the state's alcohol-related crashes. The
Sheriff's Office will also have its Mobile Command Bus out on the road for
breath testing and processing of impaired drivers during the holidays.

+++

I've had a few e-mails from readers wondering about the blue reflectors they've
noticed in area roads. The reflectors are imbedded in the pavement and don't
seem to match up with medians or lane stripes, so they have some folks
scratching their heads. For the answer to this mystery, I spoke with Ken Jacobs
of the Pinellas County traffic engineering department. Jacobs said the blue
reflectors mark the locations of fire hydrants, helping firefighters locate them
easier, especially at night. "The reflectors may not be lined up perfectly with
the hydrants, but if you see a blue reflector in the road, look to the curb or
somewhere on that corner and you'll see a hydrant," Jacobs said.

+++

New traffic signs have gone up at First Street and Ninth Avenue N, allowing
southbound traffic to now turn left as well as right. Left turns were banned
until the sign change. Mike Connors with the city of St. Petersburg said the
street was converted from a one-way street to a two-way street two years ago.
The new signs went in two weeks ago.

(Readers with long memories may recall this is the intersection that pitted a
homeowner and his fence against the city. The homeowner lopped off the top of
his fence but sued the city. The city eventually settled and allowed the fence
back.)

Until next week, happy motoring!

Please share your traffic concerns, comments and questions with Dr. Delay via
e-mail at docdelay@yahoo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: ASK DR. DELAY

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 1, 1987, Sunday, Final Edition

Cora Wilds Is Now Out of the Ring

BYLINE: COURTLAND MILLOY

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B3; COURTLAND MILLOY

LENGTH: 681 words


The D.C. Boxing and Wrestling Commission symposium held at the Shiloh Baptist
Church yesterday featured seminars on how to judge and referee fights. But in
hallways and at lunch tables during intermission, fight fans and officials alike
tallied the score cards on Cora Wilds, the chairman of the District's boxing
commission who submitted her resignation on Friday.

The decision was unanimous: The allegation that Wilds had double-billed the
District government for trips taken to boxing conventions as far away as Bangkok
had amounted to a self-inflicted TKO.

"What was she doing in Thailand -- importing kick boxers?" asked John Lawrence,
a Washington resident and avid fight fan.

Burtell Jefferson, a former D.C. police chief and the ranking boxing commission
member, tried to explain that if you are a member of a boxing federation
executive board -- as Cora Wilds was -- you attend their conventions wherever
they are held in order to rub elbows with the right promoters, fight officials
and underwriters.

But when asked about the allegation that Wilds had been reimbursed twice for the
trips, there was silence. It was as if everybody was stunned that yet another
District official had been so stupid as to blow a job and further damage the
city's reputation -- in return, allegedly, for what amounted to chicken feed.

Just last week, former University of the District of Columbia president Robert
L. Green was indicted by a grand jury on charges that he stole a television set
and a stereo.

In Wilds' case, she allegedly had taken about $ 3,000 in travel expenses from an
international boxing organization at the same time that she billed the same
expenses to the city. Efforts to reach her for comment this week have been
unsuccessful.

It was a stunning defeat for a woman who had won so many important boxing
victories. When premier fight promoter Don King tried to finagle the D.C. Boxing
Commission into underwriting his fights, Wilds knocked that idea right out of
the ring.

When she learned that the World Boxing Association would continue sanctioning
fights that included South Africa, she simply yanked the District out of the
WBA. After six years on the commission, Wilds had earned a reputation as a
brawler. Had she been a man, no doubt, her hard-charging style might have been
commended. But those who didn't like the idea of a woman running the man's world
of boxing often criticized her as being too arrogant, and the more men tried to
test her, the more assertive she became.

"She was continually trying to establish and maintain control," said Jefferson.
"It was a tough job, but she was tough enough to do it. She worked very hard to
upgrade boxing in Washington, and did a lot to bring more women into the sport
as judges and referees. I know personally that she spent many unpaid hours at
her job."

To Wilds' credit, boxing education and safety programs that she started in the
District are considered among the best in the country. Rules governing boxing
and wrestling matches are also among the strictest. Yesterday's symposium was
one of her ideas, even though she did not attend.

Word on the boxing circuit was that Wilds was beginning to generate interest in
the District as a place to hold boxing matches, despite its proximity to
Atlantic City -- which is the East Coast fight capital.

After she had taken more than 25 trips to boxing conventions, some say, Wilds'
efforts were almost certain to pay off. She had made the contacts with the right
fight promoters -- the key ingredient to bringing fights to the city -- and
after numerous sparring matches with them, had finally earned their respect.

But this one alleged slip-up may have put an end to all of that.

"She was obviously trying to make a name for herself at taxpayers' expense,"
said Jacques Chevalier, a local real estate businessman who is seeking
appointment to the boxing commission.

But if fight fans are displeased, just think about the disappointment that the
young boxers of the city must feel -- they are the ones the boxing commission
was supposed to help.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CORA WILDS TESTIFIES AT HEARING ON BOXING COMMISSION IN DISTRICT
BUILDING. JOEL RICHARDSON

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    April 11, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Lynx find six degrees of separation between rock and hard place

BYLINE: WAYNE SCANLAN; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: SPORTS; WAYNE SCANLAN; Pg. D1 / Front


If God meant baseball to be played at night, he wouldn't have created Wrigley
Field and outfield ivy.

Then again, God also created Thomas Edison and Larry McPhail, according to
certain theory.

Thanks to Edison's light bulb and McPhail's radical idea of lighting up
Cincinnati's Crosley Field on the night of May 24, 1935 (U.S. President Franklin
D. Roosevelt flipped the switch), modern baseball and sunshine only go together
on weekends (and then only sometimes). Weekends and Opening Day.

All of the above is the most roundabout way I can think of to introduce the
Opening Day scheduling dilemma of the Ottawa Lynx .

Which would it be? Day or night? Occasional sun or occasional frostbite? Head to
head with regular working hours (a guy only has so many grandmothers for the
classic funeral alibi) or head to head with Mario Lemieux and the Pittsburgh
Penguins, who visit the Ottawa Senators ce soir?

The difference is night and day. The Lynx chose night and hope they made the
right call. A partial answer will be silent but as clear as it is blue -- the
number of empty seats at Ottawa Stadium tonight when the International League
champions play host to the Scranton Wilkes-Barre Red Barons. At this writing,
the blue is plentiful.

"It's a no-win situation for us, but it's the nature of the business," says
Joltin' Joe Bohringer, the Lynx director of baseball operations. "Either way,
some fans are not going to be accommodated. I feel especially bad for those who
are season ticket holders to the Lynx and Senators -- you're talking about some
of the best sports fans in the entire region."

Phone calls from the average Joe and Josephine Worker convinced Jo Bo and the
Lynx that night was right. More people called saying there were daytime jobs to
have and to hold than called to say they were hoping for a baseball matinee
prior to hockey with Mario.

Me, I figure a person can't call herself a ball fan until she finagles a way to
Opening Day afternoon. Bohringer knows. He remembers trying to study for exams
in the back seat of a car en route to Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia. Didn't
want to miss that Opening Day nosebleed in the upper deck.

Bohringer also knows Ottawa is too young a ball town to have its Opening Day
traditions ensconced. Thus, the dilemma.

Lynx owner Howard Darwin didn't think a day game was possible, given that the
Lynx and Red Barons are both travelling today. But International League
president Randy Mobley confirms that only if the getaway follows a night game,
is a next-day day game a no-no. Because Ottawa and Scranton both played day
games Wednesday, a day game today was possible. Both teams were scheduled to
arrive in Ottawa late Wednesday.

This may be in some people's minds tonight if they spend some of the afternoon
in double-digit Celcius weather, only to feel the temperature dip after they
reach the ball park.

Day or twilight, Lynx fans will want to be on hand to see the championship
banner raised and rings presented to the 10 holdovers from 1995. (Of all
received to date, guess whose ring doesn't fit? That's right, the ring of
Darwin, the old jeweler himself, is a tad small and had to be returned).

Sir Alan Dungey (he's graduated from "Al the Dirtman" after all those field of
green awards) and his groundskeeping crew have performed their usual miracles to
get the field in shape.

The Senators fan appreciation/ Mario night was nearly sold out by Wednesday. The
next best call is to watch 'em play ball.



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1996

LENGTH: 586 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    April 11, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Lynx find six degrees of separation between rock and hard place

BYLINE: WAYNE SCANLAN; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: SPORTS; WAYNE SCANLAN; Pg. D1 / Front


If God meant baseball to be played at night, he wouldn't have created Wrigley
Field and outfield ivy.

Then again, God also created Thomas Edison and Larry McPhail, according to
certain theory.

Thanks to Edison's light bulb and McPhail's radical idea of lighting up
Cincinnati's Crosley Field on the night of May 24, 1935 (U.S. President Franklin
D. Roosevelt flipped the switch), modern baseball and sunshine only go together
on weekends (and then only sometimes). Weekends and Opening Day.

All of the above is the most roundabout way I can think of to introduce the
Opening Day scheduling dilemma of the Ottawa Lynx .

Which would it be? Day or night? Occasional sun or occasional frostbite? Head to
head with regular working hours (a guy only has so many grandmothers for the
classic funeral alibi) or head to head with Mario Lemieux and the Pittsburgh
Penguins, who visit the Ottawa Senators ce soir?

The difference is night and day. The Lynx chose night and hope they made the
right call. A partial answer will be silent but as clear as it is blue -- the
number of empty seats at Ottawa Stadium tonight when the International League
champions play host to the Scranton Wilkes-Barre Red Barons. At this writing,
the blue is plentiful.

"It's a no-win situation for us, but it's the nature of the business," says
Joltin' Joe Bohringer, the Lynx director of baseball operations. "Either way,
some fans are not going to be accommodated. I feel especially bad for those who
are season ticket holders to the Lynx and Senators -- you're talking about some
of the best sports fans in the entire region."

Phone calls from the average Joe and Josephine Worker convinced Jo Bo and the
Lynx that night was right. More people called saying there were daytime jobs to
have and to hold than called to say they were hoping for a baseball matinee
prior to hockey with Mario.

Me, I figure a person can't call herself a ball fan until she finagles a way to
Opening Day afternoon. Bohringer knows. He remembers trying to study for exams
in the back seat of a car en route to Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia. Didn't
want to miss that Opening Day nosebleed in the upper deck.

Bohringer also knows Ottawa is too young a ball town to have its Opening Day
traditions ensconced. Thus, the dilemma.

Lynx owner Howard Darwin didn't think a day game was possible, given that the
Lynx and Red Barons are both travelling today. But International League
president Randy Mobley confirms that only if the getaway follows a night game,
is a next-day day game a no-no. Because Ottawa and Scranton both played day
games Wednesday, a day game today was possible. Both teams were scheduled to
arrive in Ottawa late Wednesday.

This may be in some people's minds tonight if they spend some of the afternoon
in double-digit Celcius weather, only to feel the temperature dip after they
reach the ball park.

Day or twilight, Lynx fans will want to be on hand to see the championship
banner raised and rings presented to the 10 holdovers from 1995. (Of all
received to date, guess whose ring doesn't fit? That's right, the ring of
Darwin, the old jeweler himself, is a tad small and had to be returned).

Sir Alan Dungey (he's graduated from "Al the Dirtman" after all those field of
green awards) and his groundskeeping crew have performed their usual miracles to
get the field in shape.

The Senators fan appreciation/ Mario night was nearly sold out by Wednesday. The
next best call is to watch 'em play ball.



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1996

LENGTH: 586 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                             March 12, 2012 Monday

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 360  words



HIGHLIGHT: Country race results

DALBY

Saturday

Track: Good (3)

1._ CLASS B HANDICAP, 1400m: 17.00 CONYUEN (b g 4y Conatus - Miss Yuen Yuen.
Trainer: H R Dew) 55.5 (L Finlay) 1, 5.00 eq fav NIGHT WANDERER 57.5 (G Geran)
2, 11.00 FREEKEH 55 carr 51 (Tomarra Serjeant) 3. Then followed: 8.00 Red Suit
6.00 Oakfield Babe 16.00 Lystar Miss 6.00 Finagle 17.00 Break The Blues 5.00 eq
fav Marc The Magpie 17.00 Coronado 17.00 Mr Pin Wa 21.00 Jorja's Dragon last.
Scr: Red Creek. Nk, 4 lens. Time: 1:23.15.

2._ 2 & 3-Y-O MAIDEN PLATE, 1000m: 17.00 SHOW PEACE (ch f 3y Show A Heart -
Tender Truce. Trainer: Ms L Weston) 56 (G Geran) 1, 7.00 LITTLE BEAUJANGLES 58
(S Apthorpe) 2, 11.00 FITTING FINALE 58 (N Tomizawa) 3. Then followed: 9.00 Miss
Tippi 9.00 Junabee Rose 11.00 Spinning Vault 4.60 fav Our Barty Boy 8.00 Steel
To The Heel 31.00 Syrus 17.00 More Coins 5.00 Get It Right last. Scr: Suspicious
Miss. Â½ len, hd. Time: 0:57.95.

3._ LIGHTNING HANDICAP 800m: 11.00 OUTCROP (b g 6y Johannesburg (USA) -
Balcanny. Trainer: J H Hearne) 55 (Leeanne Mc Coy) 1, 4.40 LAMBERT 58.5 (J
Oakes) 2, 2.80 fav REILLY BLUE 62 carr 58 (Alannah Fancourt) 3. Then followed:
6.00 Emmertt 17.00 Otago 7.00 Mini Maizing 13.00 Winds Of Fire 26.00 Lion Beauty
last. Scr: Dr Barnard, Norocos. Sh nk, sh nk. Time: No time taken.

4._ -DALBY NEWMARKET 1200m:31.00 CONVICTOR (b g 6y Conatus - Sheer Victory.
Trainer: Ray Hawkswell) 55 carr 52 (N Nishio) 1, 7.00 PONZI SCHEME 55 (G Geran)
2, 5.00 fav TRAIL BOSS 56 (L Finlay) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Rama Kaho 15.00
Kneel And Raise 6.00 Looped 15.00 Frisco Lights 7.00 Dancefloor Prodigy 17.00
Duke William 17.00 Uncle Jan 26.00 Johnny Aucash 17.00 Buttido 13.00 Mirabeau
15.00 Rockem last. Scr: Fleet 'n' Fast, Mohawk, Telesto Warrior, Grain Trader,
Second Go. 1Â¼ lens, len. Time: 1:08.82.

5._ CLASS 3 HANDICAP, 2000m: 6.00 HOOTILLA (b g 5y Encosta De Lago - Speedy
Kids. Trainer: R J Milne) 59 carr 55 (Alannah Fancourt) 1, 10.00 CUBAN 55 (M
Abe) 2, 9.00 COBBANVILLA 57 (Ms L Mc Coy) 3. Then followed: 10.00 Mr Magorium
7.00 Regal Scout 6.00 Golden Hut 6.00 Loxley 9.00 Are We In Love 3.00 fav
Noela's Romp 26.00 Iza Comin' last. Scr: Merchant Girl. 3 lens, sh nk. Time:
2:02.61.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 27, 1994, Sunday, City Edition

WEEK 13

BYLINE: DON BANKS

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL TODAY; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 1829 words



CAN'T MISS

Dolphins at Jets, 1 p.m. Ch. 8

Line: Jets 1 1/2

Record: Miami 7-4, New York 6-5.

Of note: A share of first place in the AFC East awaits the Jets if they win.
Miami beat New York handily in Week 3, but the Dolphins have swept the season
series just once (1990) in the past nine years and don't have the ground game
they did in September. The Jets have won 4 of 6 because they have reversed
their turnover ratio from minus-7 to plus-6. In that span, the defense has
eight interceptions and 12 fumble recoveries.

Key injuries: Dolphins - DE Jeff Cross (ankle) is questionable; DE Larry
Webster (ankle) is probable. Jets - RB Adrian Murrell (knee) is questionable;
OT Jeff Criswell (elbow), OT Siupeli Malamala (knee) are probable.

Banks' pick: New York 23-21.

Steelers at Raiders, 4 p.m. Ch. 8

Line: Raiders 3 1/2

Record: Pittsburgh 8-3, Los Angeles 6-5.

Of note: The Steelers have won 6 of 7 and still have games remaining with the
Browns and Chargers - the teams with which they are tied for playoff  home-field
advantage. The Steelers got 343 yards out of QB Mike Tomczak  against Miami and
will go with him again. L.A. can still make a run. After  today, Raiders close
with a game against each of their division foes.

Key injuries: Steelers - TE Eric Green (hamstring), WR Charles Johnson  (back),
S Carnell Lake (shoulder), LB Greg Lloyd (foot), RB Bam Morris  (quadriceps), QB
Neil O'Donnell (hip-ankle), WR Leon Searcy (hamstring), WR  Yancey Thigpen
(back) are probable. Raiders - CB Albert Lewis (knee), C Don  Mosebar (ankle),
CB Lionel Washington (leg) are questionable; DT Nolan  Harrison (hip), S Derrick
Hoskins (ankle), OT Gerald Perry (ankle) are  probable.

Banks' pick: Los Angeles 20-13.

WORTH CHECKING OUT

Bears at Cardinals, 4 p.m.

Line: Cardinals 3

Record: Chicago 7-4, Arizona 5-6.

Of note: Having defeated the Eagles last week at home, Buddy Ryan gets a shot
at his other old team. He only wishes that Ditka guy was still there to take
the beating. After their 2-5 start, the Cardinals have won 3 of 4 and still
could finagle a wild-card berth. Arizona's defense is playing superbly, but  the
offense still is clueless. Jay Schroeder remains Ryan's pick at QB. The  Bears
are winning with mirrors, special teams, and Steve Walsh.

Key injuries: Bears - WR Curtis Conway (leg) is doubtful. Cardinals - QB  Steve
Beuerlein (knee), WR Randal Hill (thigh), OT Luis Sharpe (knee), S Andre  Waters
(foot) are out; WR Gary Clark (hamstring) is probable.

Banks' pick: Arizona 17-14.

Eagles at Falcons, 1 p.m.

Line: Eagles 1 1/2

Record: Philadelphia 7-4, Atlanta 5-6.

Of note: Beginning with their game of the season at home against San  Francisco,
the Falcons have lost 4 of 5, and the past two have been killers -  a
last-second one-point defeat at New Orleans and a four-pointer at Denver  that
turned on an official's bad call. With 13 total points in the past two  games,
the Eagles have their own problems. Facing the Atlanta defense should  help end
that slump.

Key injuries: Eagles - TE Mark Bavaro (foot) is questionable; QB Randall
Cunningham (thumb), DE William Fuller (shoulder), DE Greg Townsend (ribs) are
probable. Falcons - DE Mel Agee (shoulder), S Scott Case (hamstring), RB Erric
Pegram (groin) are questionable; DE Chris Doleman (hamstring) is probable.

Banks' pick: Philadelphia 31-21.

Chiefs at Seahawks, 4 p.m.

Line: Chiefs 3 1/2

Record: Kansas City 7-4, Seattle 4-7.

Of note: The Chiefs were decimated by injuries when they faced the Browns  last
week - missing seven starters - yet found a way to win. But it's getting
tougher and tougher to see the Chiefs as a Super Bowl contender. K.C. is  within
one of San Diego in the standings, but the Chargers hold the  tiebreaker.
Seattle, which started 3-1, needed Bucs luck just to win its  fourth.

Key injuries: Chiefs - WR Willie Davis (knee) is doubtful; RB Marcus Allen
(knee), OT John Alt (back), DE Neil Smith (elbow) are questionable; DT Dan
Saleaumua (ankle) is probable. Seahawks - CB Patrick Hunter (hamstring), RB
Chris Warren (hip) are questionable.

Banks' pick: Kansas City 24-17.

Rams at Chargers, 4 p.m.

Line: Chargers 7 1/2

Record: Los Angeles 4-7, San Diego 8-3.

Of note: The Chargers are home at last. After three straight on the road,
including cross-country trips to Atlanta and New England, the Bolts have four
of their last five at the Murph. Speaking of going places, San Diego's offense
hasn't been: seven offensive TDs in past five games. With Raiders next week,
this is first of L.A. doubleheader for Chargers. Rams scared S.F. but good  when
Chris Miller played like the high-priced free agent he was.

Key injuries: Rams - CB Darryl Henley (groin) is out; WR Willie Anderson
(thigh), RB Jerome Bettis (back), QB Chris Chandler (ankle) are probable.
Chargers - QB Stan Humphries (elbow) is questionable.

Banks' pick: Upset special, L.A. 24-20.

KEEP AN EYE ON

49ers at Saints, 9 p.m. Monday

Line: 49ers by 7

Record: San Fran 9-2, New Orleans 4-7.

Of note: This usually is the game of the year for the Saints - a home date  with
the hated 49ers. But it's tough to ignore the five-game gap between these  two.
New Orleans has been close. Its past four games have been decided by a  total of
10 points (the Saints are 2-2). The 49ers would make it 12 straight  seasons
with 10 wins or more and clinch another NFC West title with a victory.  Ho-hum.

Key injuries: 49ers - RB Marc Logan (calf) is doubtful; CB Eric Davis  (groin),
S Tim McDonald (knee), RB Ricky Watters (ribs) are probable. Saints -  CB Carl
Lee (thigh), RB Brad Muster (knee) are doubtful; LB Demond Winston  (knee) is
questionable.

Banks' pick: San Francisco 34-20.

Patriots at Colts, 8 p.m. ESPN

Line: Colts 1

Record: Both are 5-6.

Of note: The Patriots and Colts are on the fringe of wild-card playoff
contention. This matchup ought to whittle that field by one. About this time
last year, New England started coming on. The Pats won their last four then
and, having won two straight already, could wind up in the playoffs if they
duplicate that finish. The Colts' Marshall Faulk needs 91 yards to become the
27th rookie to rush for 1,000.

Key injuries: Patriots - DE Mike Jones (leg) is probable. Colts - DT Steve
Emtman (neck) RB Ed Toner (knee) are out; CB-S Leonard Humphries (shoulder) is
questionable; LB Trev Alberts (elbow) is probable.

Banks' pick: New England 19-17.

IF YOU REALLY CARE

Bucs at Vikings, 1 p.m. Ch. 28

Line: Vikings 13 1/2

Record: Tampa Bay 2-9, Minnesota 7-4.

Of note: Hopes sinking fast, Vikings fans? Fear not, the NFL's care package  is
on the way. Minnesota's two-game slump hasn't been fatal, but it can't  afford
another slip before next week's showdown with the Bears. Minnesota  lives on
defensive pressure and interceptions but has just three sacks and one  INT the
past three games. The Bucs mercifully end their three-game  dome-dome-dome
stretch.

Key injuries: Bucs - RB Vernon Turner and DE Karl Wilson (foot) are inactive;  S
Thomas Everett (knee) is questionable; S Tony Covington (hand) is probable.
Vikings - WR Chris Walsh (elbow) is inactive; QB Sean Salisbury (thumb) is
questionable; LB Dave Garnett (knee) is probable.

Banks' pick: Minnesota 24-17.

Oilers at Browns, 1 p.m.

Line: Browns 8

Record: Cleveland 8-3, Houston 1-10.

Of note: So what's all that new about the Jeff Fisher-led Oilers? They lose  by
a field goal, just like Jack Pardee's bunch. Houston has lost an NFL-record
four straight games by three points or less. At least the running game (166
yards) looked improved. Both Browns QBs struggled in the mud at Kansas City,
but it once again is Vinny Testaverde's job to lose.

Key injuries: Oilers - WR Reggie Brown (knee), QB Cody Carlson (knee) are  out;
CB Steve Jackson (quadriceps), TE Rod Lewis (back) are questionable.  Browns -
CB Reginald Jones (knee) is questionable; LB Mike Caldwell (thigh),  DT Michael
Dean Perry (shoulder) are probable.

Banks' pick: Cleveland 17-7.

Bengals at Broncos, 4 p.m.

Line: Broncos 8

Record: Cincinnati 2-9, Denver 5-6.

Of note: Throw out the Broncos' 0-4 start - Wade Phillips is all for the idea  -
and Denver is a 5-2 team. It's accomplishment enough that the Broncos are in
position to go .500 this season. Talk of the playoffs might be stretching it,
however. After today, the Broncos face a three-game road swing to K.C., the
Raiders and San Francisco. Jeff Blake's legend was tarnished last week in loss
to Colts, but not much.

Key injuries: Bengals - DE John Copeland (ankle) is out. Broncos - QB John
Elway (groin), RB Glyn Milburn (thigh), WR Anthony Miller (ankle), TE Shannon
Sharpe (ankle) are probable.

Banks' pick: Denver 27-18.

Giants at Redskins, 4 p.m.

Line: Redskins 2 1/2

Record: New York 4-7, Washington 2-9.

Of note: These two might run different quarterbacks out there every quarter.
The Redskins played Gus Frerotte, John Friesz and Heath Shuler last week; the
Giants used Dave Brown and Kent Graham. Getting his revenge on Dan Reeves in
the best possible way, Graham led the Giants to a comeback win at Houston,
snapping the Giants' seven-game losing streak.

Key injuries: Giants - CB Phillippi Sparks (groin), S Jarvis Williams (knee)
are questionable; LB Carlton Bailey (shoulder), QB Dave Brown (concussion) are
probable. Redskins - RB William Bell (neck), WR Henry Ellard (knee), LB Ken
Harvey (ankle), DT Leonard Marshall (shoulder) are probable.

Banks' pick: Washington 13-10.

THURSDAY RECAP

Lions 35, Bills 21

Record: Detroit 6-6, Buffalo 6-6.

Game recap: So much for the theory that if you stop Barry Sanders (45 yards  in
19 carries), you stop Detroit. Graybeard quarterback Dave Krieg, starting  his
third game in place of injured Scott Mitchell, had a phenomenal  Thanksgiving,
throwing for 351 yards and three touchdowns on 20-of-25 passing.  Don't forget
that the Lions won their final six regular-season games in '91  and three of
their last four in '93, both times winning the NFC Central.  Buffalo probably
must win from here on to keep its Super Bowl No. 5 dream  alive.

Cowboys 42, Packers 31

Record: Dallas 10-2, Green Bay 6-6.

Of note: He started slowly, but Jason Garrett joined the Cowboys'  Thanksgiving
lore with his 311-yard, two-touchdown day against the Packers.  Down 14 points
in the second quarter, Dallas didn't panic and switch to Rodney  Peete, who
could have played despite an injured thumb. Garrett responded by  leading the
Cowboys to a franchise-record 36 second-half points. Not even four  Sterling
Sharpe touchdowns and the surprising presence of Reggie White could  save Green
Bay. The Packers' loss wounds but doesn't kill their playoff  chances.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 18, 2007 Thursday

ONE HOT DESERT ROAD TRIP: BY THE NUMBERS;
At the wheel of Dodge's new muscle sedan offering, MICHAEL BETTENCOURT hits the
road on America's most famous route, or what's left of it, before dashing to
..... the Desert City to hit the court with all-star Steve Nash and - of course
- run and gun with Ford's scorching convertible

BYLINE: MICHAEL BETTENCOURT

SECTION: GLOBE MEGAWHEELS; Pg. G13

LENGTH: 1330 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


Steve Nash's naked butt is as white as the rest of him. Given that the Victoria,
B.C.-raised Nash has played all his 10 years in the NBA for teams based in sunny
Phoenix or Dallas, one might expect him to have acquired at least some hint of
tan lines, somewhere.

But none were in evidence as the towel-wrapped star waded through a horde of
reporters in the Phoenix Suns' locker room, then politely requested a few
seconds to get dressed.

The scrum awaiting the reigning and two-time NBA MVP was especially large Dec.
19, not only because the Suns' dismantling of the Bosh-less Toronto Raptors was
a franchise-record 15th straight win for the team, but also because there were
two non-basketball writers in the group, of which I was one.

It was all part of our Dash for Nash road trip, so called because it involved me
and fellow auto journalist Paul Williams flying to Los Angeles, picking up and
driving a couple of hot muscle cars for eight hours from there to Phoenix,
catching the Raptors-Suns game the next day, then driving back to L.A. the long
way, along old Route 66.

In our three days with the cars - the Ford Shelby GT500 fire-breathing
convertible and a Dodge Charger SRT8 - we logged over 22 hours worth of seat
time, and that was with a minimum of driving on game day. It was our automotive
equivalent of the Suns' run 'n' gun offence, taken to triple overtime.

Our arrival in L.A. at Monday noon had been slightly delayed, but we felt good
about our timing. We had six hours of driving ahead of us, according to our
MapQuest printouts, so we still had plenty of time to make the drive, have
dinner at a decent hour, then get up early to figure out our plan to chat with
Nash the next day, however briefly.

By the time we headed out from our Shelby pickup point at 2:30 p.m. after
another delay, we were still reasonably sure we'd miss the dreaded L.A. traffic
snags. We were wrong.

The navigation system on the automatic-equipped Charger I was driving out of the
city said it would take five hours and 50 minutes to get to our hotel in
Phoenix. Two hours later, at 4:30 p.m., stuck on Route 91 East near the L.A.
suburb of Riverside, the estimated length of the trip stood at five hours and 47
minutes.

And in my mind I could hear Williams cursing the Shelby's famously heavy clutch
pedal, our selected route, L.A. traffic, and how exactly I managed to finagle
the relatively cushy Charger.

Note to self: Be sure to take the L.A. leg in the Shelby on the way back, or
risk my co-driver's general mobility, wrath and sanity.

The Shelby GT500 was the definite Steve Nash of the two cars, being smaller and
quicker than the four-door Charger, with that same ability to attract a crowd.

"Hey, is that the new Shelby?" one excited teenager asked at a gas station
before I even had the chance to pop the gas flap. "Can we have a look under the
hood?" asked his equally excited girlfriend. Both had walked over from the other
side of the lot, even though our Shelby didn't have the optional hood and trunk
stripes that screams that this car is the most powerful Mustang made, putting
out 500 supercharged horsepower.

That's only 50 horses less than the nearly identical 5.4-litre V-8 engine in
Ford's $185,000, limited-edition GT supercar, the one powering around the track
in many of Ford's commercials last year, compared to the $57,749 manufacturer's
suggested retail price of the Shelby convertible in Canada, after delivery
charges.

You won't see anything else on the market at the 500-hp plateau for less than
100 grand after taxes, so in terms of horses per dollar, nothing comes close to
the Shelby GT500. As with Nash, there may be quicker, flashier and pricier
players out there, but none provides the pure bang for the athletic buck of
either one.

Of course, the Shelby, unlike Nash, leaves a lot to be desired on the inside.
The GT500's insides look like they belong in a $35,000 Mustang, with manual air
conditioning, loads of black plastic and not even steering-wheel stereo controls
to help control the outstanding Shaker sound system. There are retro pleated
leather seats all around, and the power convertible vinyl top never seemed to
fold flush with the rest of the body.

On the dynamic front, there is a rough and bouncy ride to the GT500 that is
definitely involving, but always threatens to send the back end sliding
unexpectedly, with no form of electronic stability control, just a simple
traction control system.

As is the case with the Dodge Viper, a modern car with this much power simply
needs some form of electronic guardian angel. Ford itself has deemed it so
important to safety it has pledged to make electronic stability control standard
in all its products by 2009; so how come it's not offered in its
rear-wheel-drive, beam-axle-suspended, 500-hp, 2007 super Mustang?

Yet it becomes clear on this trip that there's a fanatical appeal to Mustangs
that goes beyond the performance numbers, a carefree allure that helps them bond
with their baby boomer owners.

One such owner was Kent Cammack, a Phoenix real estate lawyer and enthusiastic
2004 Mustang Bullitt owner intrigued by our photo shoot with the GT500 and
Charger directly in front of the Suns' arena.

"Even when there are better cars competing against it, they're still not
Mustangs," he explained. "They were the first ones of that fun era, and they
will always be the car that everyone wanted, at least for a few years."

Even our foray onto the asphalt symbol of Americana, Route 66, held a symbolic
tribute to the Mustang. There, at one of those so-tacky-it's-irresistable
tourist trap shops called the Rusty Bolt, a sign for sale on the wall confirmed
that the Mustang's appeal holds a special connection to the heyday of the '60s:
"Route 66: Mustang parking only." Such signs have been made for many cars for
years. But on this desolate stretch of road, in this pilgrimage to a simpler
time, only Mustang signs remained.

Ironically, the catalyst of our muscle car Dash for Nash, a player known for
orchestrating one of the quickest offences in the league, claims indifference to
automotive quickness.

"No, I'm not really into cars that much," said Nash, after we eventually caught
up to him after practice, although he owns a Mercedes-Benz S55 AMG, a
supercharged V-8 luxury sedan that's one of the fastest four-doors on the
planet. "I'm looking into a couple of the hybrid cars, so I'm just trying to
choose which one right now."

Heading back to L.A. from Phoenix, the premium-fuel-hungry Ford Shelby GT500
convertible had no doubt been a fun companion, especially with the top down on
the kitschy bits of historic Route 66, less so in one stretch when it almost ran
out of gas in the middle of nowhere, owing to its skimpy 270-mile
(435-kilometre) highway range.

After more than 13 hours of driving and photographing our test subjects, with
the Shelby's distinctive oval headlights glowing in my rear-view mirror, both
darkness and midnight loomed by the time we arrived in greater L.A.

As well as another hour of stop-and-go traffic.

globeauto@globeandmail.com

ROAD TRIP

2007 FORD SHELBY GT500 CONVERTIBLE

You won't see anything else on the market at the 500-hp plateau for less than
100 grand after taxes

SPECS

TYPE: Two-door, four-passenger muscle car

BASE PRICE: $57,749; as tested, $59,739

ENGINE: 5.4-litre V-8, DOHC

TRANSMISSION: Six-speed manual

DRIVE: Rear drive

HORSEPOWER/TORQUE: 500 hp/480 lb-ft

FUEL ECONOMY (litres/100 km): 18.3 city/13.7 highway; premium required

ALTERNATIVES: Audi S4 convertible, Chevrolet Corvette convertible, Dodge Viper

LIKE

* Unmistakable V-8 sound that accompanies every massive forward thrust

* The snake emblems that say Cobra even when lawyers say Ford can't

* Power roof that brings on the good times, even in freezing temperatures

DON'T LIKE

* Lack of electronic stability control system in a tail-happy car

* Some motorcycles go further on a tank of gas

* Interior as low-rent as a Jerry Springer marathon

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                            February 3, 2003 Monday

:Roping pair is on the rise

BYLINE: By Paul MacKinnon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 393 words


They might still be considered a work in progress, but based on last year's
results, team calf ropers Daniel Green and Kory Koontz are a couple of cowboys
who bear watching.

The two finished 12th in the world in 2002, their first year as a team, with
both expecting bigger and better things to come.

"(Twelfth place) was below what I expected," said Sudan, Texas, native Koontz,
"but of course, we both expect to be No. 1. I feel like we're a lot further
along now than we were last year. We should have a bright future ahead of us."

Added Oakdale, Calif., native Green, "We underachieved, but with our work ethic
and potential, everything should wind up falling into place."

Their best finish to date was in Reno, where the two divvied up the winners'
share of $26,000. They teamed for a first-round-low 4.3-second time last year in
El Paso, clocking a 6.0 Sunday at the 74th annual Southwestern Livestock Show
and Rodeo.

Green last partnered with Allan Bach, while Koontz rode previously with Bobby
Hurley. Koontz and Green joined forces last January, just before the start of
the 2002 season.

"At first, it's kind of like dating a girl," Koontz said of the partner-finding
process. "You watch how they rope and if you like what you see. ... They catch
your eye with their ability and then you see if you can get along."

So far, so good.

"We're both Christian, about the same age and we both want to win the world
championships," said Green, the header of the roping team, leaving the heeling
to Koontz.

The biggest hurdle for the two is a 1000-plus-mile distance between hometowns,
with Green's wife Shawnda and daughters Grace (3 1/2 ) and Kyndall (9 months) on
the West Coast while Koontz's bride Katherine and daughters Jae (11), Harlee and
Ashlee (twin 8-year-olds) reside deep in the heart of Texas.

El Paso was the duo's third stop on the young season, with a third-place finish
in San Antonio already to their credit. After visiting Rapid City, S.D., next
Saturday, Green and Koontz follow with trips to San Angelo, Tucson and Houston
over the next three weeks.

The conflict with the Rapid City rodeo will keep them from their second-round
date at the Coliseum, scheduled for Friday. The two said they would try to
finagle a switch to a Thursday ride. If they can't switch, they'll scratch out
of the El Paso competition.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Terry R. Kitchens watched his rope wrap around a calf Sunday.

                   Copyright 2003 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    The Sunday Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            December 4, 2005 Sunday

Claire's Saks appeal

BYLINE: Lawrie Masterson

SECTION: INSIDE ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 800 words


Bored, depressed and destined to spend her life behind a counter at ritzy
department store Saks, Claire Danes' latest character still attracts her fair
share of admirers. LAWRIE MASTERSON reports

It's always awkward doing a love scene with anybody

CLAIRE DANES was hoping for a unique opportunity to combine what she terms "my
two favourite activities". Several scenes from her new movie Shopgirl required
her to stand -- for the most part in bored resignation -- behind a counter at
Saks Fifth Avenue, the up-market New York store which has its Los Angeles
outpost on Wilshire Boulevard, right at its intersection with Rodeo Drive.

"I was really excited that we were going to actually shoot at Saks during
operating hours because I had these fantasies of buying shoes in between takes
or something, merging acting and shopping," Danes said.

"But, no, that just didn't happen."

Danes did, however, get the opportunity to use one of Hollywood's most
expressive faces in yet another slightly left-of-centre but intelligent choice
of role, a hallmark of a still young career that lately has included Richard
Eyre's Stage Beauty, Burr Steer's Igby Goes Down and Stephen Daldry's Academy
Award-winning The Hours.

In Shopgirl, based on the novella by Steve Martin, adapted for the screen by
Steve Martin and co-starring (you guessed it) 60-year-old Steve Martin,
26-year-old Danes plays the title role of Mirabelle, sweet but not spectacular,
depressed yet libidinous.

By day she stands behind her Saks Fifth Avenue glove counter, usually without a
customer because who, after all, needs gloves in LA? By night she tries to coax
her kitten from under the bed at her modest apartment, takes her
anti-depressants and dreams of becoming an artist. And being loved.

Then somewhere out there in the dating no woman's land of Los Angeles, her life
and two others intersect.

First, in a laundry, of all places, she meets the hapless Jeremy (Jason
Schwartzman), who makes his living stencilling the manufacturer's name on guitar
amplifiers and whose idea of romance is splitting the bill at a fast-food
restaurant. Mirabelle sleeps with him, anyway.

Next comes Ray Porter (Martin), wealthy, worldly and twice her age. He becomes
one of Mirabelle's rare customers, then somehow finagles her address out of the
folks at Saks and sends her the expensive gloves with a simple note inviting her
to dinner. Mirabelle winds up in his bed, too.

The three have widely different expectations and interpretations of one another
and what happens in the end might not be what any of them dreamed but it is,
according to Martin, "life".

Danes recalled reading Martin's slim tome when she was in Copenhagen, Denmark,
in 2002 making It's All About Love opposite Joaquin Phoenix and Sean Penn.

"I consumed it in one sitting because it was just really engaging and
beautifully written so, yeah, when the opportunity arose to make it into a film
I was very excited," she said.

Danes admitted to being less excited by the idea when she discovered it would
mean her first nude scene -- Mirabelle strips in the bedroom of Ray Porter's
sumptuous house -- but she decided to forge ahead.

"I mean, it's always awkward doing a love scene with anybody, no matter what age
they are or how iconic they are," she said.

"There's just something a little unnatural about it, but I really admire and
have a lot of reverence for Steve as a person and an artist so if I were to be
in bed with anybody, he'll do."

She laughed and continued: "I was so privileged that I was able to tell this
story with him because it was very meaningful to him and really personal.

"He's really private and shy and he doesn't expose himself immediately or
eagerly."

She laughed again and added: "We're talking about nudity so that's going to
sound funny, but I'm speaking in terms of emotion."

Directed by Britain's Anand Tucker (of Hilary and Jackie fame), Shopgirl touches
on two issues that regularly become topics of debate in Hollywood --
relationships between mature-age men and much younger women, and the use of
anti-depressant drugs.

Danes declined to stand in judgment on the first issue.

"I just keep my pointer finger in my pocket because I never know why people make
the choices they do and I can't assume they're for negative reasons," she said.

"But I understand that people will be unnerved by this because it's not a
conventional romance, but I think it's a surprisingly tender one

As for anti-depressants, she noted: "A lot of my friends are on them and a lot
of my friends have been served by them.

"It's great when it frees somebody from the oppression of that awful, dark
feeling so that they can really start investigating consciously what it is
that's ailing them.

"That's my stand."

Shopgirl is now screening

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday

What qualifies Obama to define rural America?

BYLINE: Marjorie Cortez Deseret News

LENGTH: 782 words


This one is for all of my "bitter" friends and family in small-town America.

That's how Democratic candidate Sen. Barack Obama described you during a recent
hoity-toity fundraiser among the wine-and-cheese set in San Francisco.

It was a private function (is there such a thing in this era of technology for
presidential candidates?) so he probably let his guard down a bit as he talked
about life in small towns in Pennsylvania and a lot of small towns in the
Midwest. "The jobs have been gone now for 25 years and nothing's replaced them,"
according to an audio recording posted at www.huffingtonpost.com.

"And it's not surprising then they get bitter, they cling to guns, or religion,
or antipathy toward people who aren't like them, or anti-immigrant sentiment, or
anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations."

Where do you start with a statement like that?

Sen. Hillary Clinton pounced on it, trying to make as much political hay as
possible from this rare Obama gaffe. Now she's talking about shooting guns with
her father and duck hunting in Arkansas. What's next? Producing an NRA card?

Steve Schmidt, a senior adviser to Republican candidate Sen. John McCain, said
Obama's comments show "an elitism and condescension towards hardworking
Americans that is nothing short of breathtaking. It is hard to imagine someone
running for president who is more out of touch with average Americans."

For that matter, are any of the presidential candidates in touch with small-town
America? I very much doubt it. They're city people. They each reside in the
Washington, D.C., area. And they're urban types who can do math well enough to
know that the general election will be won in densely populated urban areas, not
small-town America.

So why try to define rural America, let alone as "bitter"?

Sorry, Sen. Obama. When I think of rural America, like the small towns where I
lived as a child, I don't think of people as bitter. I tend to think of them as
pragmatic, at worst, a little cynical.

When you grow up in a place most people would consider in the middle of nowhere,
you develop a sense of self-reliance. Even if there is a government program to
maintain roads or provide child-care subsidies to working single mothers,
chances are those funds aren't going to be allocated to your hometown. You learn
to dodge the potholes and finagle no- or low-cost child care from relatives or
friends.

Does it make you bitter that your tax dollars all seem to flow in one direction?
"Bitter" isn't the word I'd use. It's more a matter of low expectations. You're
pleasantly surprised when your little town receives a government grant or money
is apportioned from the state highway fund to fill those potholes or, if you're
lucky, replace a bridge.

As for clinging to guns, much of that is tradition. When you live in the middle
of nowhere and it takes law enforcement 30 minutes to respond to a call for
help, you're left to fend for yourself. But in a culture where guns are
considered tools, it's not as though people in small towns are carrying out the
shootout at the OK Corral.

Mass shootings are not the stuff of rural America. For the most part they happen
in the suburbs and large cities, where I'd argue that many people's sensibility
about firing guns has more to do with motion pictures and video games. In small
towns, it is clearly understood that firearms are lethal instruments that need
to be treated with utmost respect.

Clinging to religion as an antidote to bitterness? That seems a strange
observation from someone who has vehemently defended the controversial Rev.
Jeremiah Wright. The little I've heard of the Rev. Wright's sermons, I'd
hesitate to describe them as uplifting. Regardless of one's social strata,
clinging to religion hardly seems a bad thing to me.

Yes, I suppose it's easy enough to blame NAFTA or illegal immigration on
economic downturns in small towns, but most people can point to a significant
event that changed economic conditions in their hometown, whether it was a
factory closure, a freak weather event or, as was the case in my hometown, the
overnight drop in oil prices that resulted in the oil shale bust.

No question, living in the middle of nowhere, seemingly out of reach from the
"trickle down economy" can make a person a bit cynical. Most small-town people I
know aren't cynical or bitter, though. They haven't got time to be. They're busy
scratching out a living, raising their families and attending to their aging
elders, much like city dwellers I know. Marjorie Cortez, who listened to the
entire video file of Obama's talk at the private party and nearly snoozed off,
is a Deseret News editorial writer. E-mail her at marjorie@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.
