
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                           September 26, 2010 Sunday

Finagle launches flavoured cookie trio

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 26 -- Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd., the first and only bakery to
obtain the ISO 22000:2005 and HACCP certification in Sri Lanka, recently
launched a range of new cookie products in three flavours, Finagle Cookies,
Ginger Cookies and Coconut Cookies at the recently concluded Propack 2010
exhibition at the BMICH, a company spokesperson said.

Made to a traditional Danish cookie recipe using imported ingredients from
Denmark, Finagle Cookies is available in 125g packs. The cookie is prepared with
a Belgium Jam centre giving a delightful experience to a consumer's taste buds.

Managing Director of Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd. Mahinda Ranasinghe said, "Our
Company strives to produce nutrients of the highest standards for our consumers
and the market. The demand for the recently launched Multi Seed Health Bread is
a testament of the trust and loyalty to our products. The newly introduced
cookies would also create a new dimension in the market without a doubt, adding
a new experience to our consumers".

Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd., was a venture which started with a capital of Rs. 210
million, which is the first and yet the only bakery to obtain the ISO 22000:2005
and HACCP certification in Sri Lanka. The company has a 54 percent market share
in the sandwich bread market in Sri Lanka and is a joint venture between the USA
-based Finagle a Bagel, Phoenix Ventures and Ran Ovens.

Finagle's state-of-the-art Italian technology leads to a distinctive production
process, using high-protein Prima flour, positioning the company as the third
largest prima flour buyer in the country.

In addition Finagle recently introduced "Finagle Multi Seed Health Bread"
produced under a Low GI, rated 54 in the Glycemic Index-GI as per research by
the British Oxford Brookes University, making the consumers enjoy a nutritious
meal.

Glycemic Index ranks food on how they affect a human beings blood glucose
levels. Carbohydrates that break down quickly during digestion and release
glucose rapidly into the bloodstream have a high GI; carbohydrates that break
down more slowly, releasing glucose more gradually into the bloodstream, have a
low GI.

A lower Glycemic Index suggests slower rates of digestion and absorption of the
foods' carbohydrates and may also indicate greater extraction from the liver and
periphery of the products of carbohydrate digestion. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka). For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2010 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                     September 5, 2008 Friday 4:33 PM  EST

ISO 9001:2000 certified Finagle Lanka introduces new product range

BYLINE: Report from Daily Mirror brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, Sept. 5 -- Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd., which is the first and the only
bakery to obtain the ISO 9001:2000 certification in Sri Lanka has added Finagle
Butter Biscuit and Butter Rusks, a new range of products to its product
portfolio a company spokesperson said.

With the prime objective of helping to produce a healthier nation, Finagle Lanka
has introduced Finagle Nutri Bread, health bread with wholesome and nutritious
combination of red rice, kurakkan, garlic curry leaves and virgin coconut oil.
The medicinal values in these five natural ingredients are blended together to
produce Nutri Bread.

Presently the company produces about 1.1 million units to the market monthly
celebrating 60% of the market share. All products are Halal certified, contain
high protein flour, and available through modern markets for all customers.

"Our products are quality tested through stringent measures by an American
laboratory every other month, a sample of flour is taken for testing where we
develop a nutritious and quality product with added nutrients. This process
reiterates the quality standard of our products. Additionally we perform a blind
test, where we identify the perfect taste, scent, texture for our product" said
Mahinda Ranasinghe, Managing Director, Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd.

The products are manufactured through machines from Peitro Burto, an Italian
state- of- the -art technology which is only used in Finagle. Finagle Lanka
(Pvt) Ltd. is the largest bakery producing company in the country. "Most health
bread in the market taste and like normal bread because the ingredients are not
used adequately, the company has taken great care to use real ingredients in
adequate quantities", said Sales Manager Mr. Bhuddhi Ratnayake.

Finagle Lanka is a joint venture between Finagle a Bagel of USA, Phoenix
Ventures and Ran Ovens (Pvt) Ltd., of Sri Lanka and is situated in the
industrial estate Ekala, Ja-ela.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror.

-796199

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2008 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             August 30, 2010 Monday

Finagle introduces flavoured cookie trio

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 30 -- Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd., the first and only bakery to
obtain the ISO 22000:2005 and HACCP certification in Sri Lanka, recently
launched a range of new cookie products in three flavours - Finagle Cookies,
Ginger Cookies and Coconut Cookies - at the recently concluded Propack 2010
exhibition at the BMICH, a company spokesperson said.

Made to a traditional Danish cookie recipe using imported ingredients from
Denmark, Finagle Cookies are available in 125g packs. The cookie is prepared
with a Belgium jam centre, giving a delightful experience to consumers.

Managing Director of Finagle Lanka Mahinda Ranasinghe said: "Our company strives
to produce nutrients of the highest standards for our consumers and the market.
The demand for the recently launched Multi Seed Health Bread is a testament of
the trust and loyalty to our products. The newly introduced cookies would also
create a new dimension in the market without a doubt, adding a new experience to
our consumers."

Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd. was a venture which started with a capital of Rs. 210
million. The company has a 54% market share in the sandwich bread market in Sri
Lanka and is a joint venture between the USA-based Finagle a Bagel, Phoenix
Ventures and Ran Ovens.

Finagle's state-of-the-art Italian technology leads to a distinctive production
process , using high-protein Prima flour, positioning the company as the third
largest prima flour buyer in the country.

In addition Finagle recently introduced "Finagle Multi Seed Health Bread"
produced under a Low GI, rated 54 in the Glycemic Index-GI as per research by
the British Oxford Brookes University, making the consumers enjoy a nutritious
meal.

Glycemic Index ranks food on how they affect a human beings blood glucose
levels. Carbohydrates that break down quickly during digestion and release
glucose rapidly into the bloodstream have a high GI; carbohydrates that break
down more slowly, releasing glucose more gradually into the bloodstream, have a
low GI.

A lower Glycemic Index suggests slower rates of digestion and absorption of the
foods' carbohydrates and may also indicate greater extraction from the liver and
periphery of the products of carbohydrate digestion.

Finagle Multi Seed Health Bread contains sunflower seeds, lin seeds, pumpkin
seeds, rye, wholemeal bran, oats and malt, which results in a low GI index. The
product is ideal for diabetes patients and reduces the risk of any heart attacks
and improves the overall well being of the body. Finagle Nutri Bread is
introduced for the health conscious containing karapincha, red rice, garlic and
virgin coconut oil.

Other Finagle products include sandwich bread, crust top bread, day breads,
buns, butter cake, butter biscuits and butter rusks. Apart from these products
that are available island-wide through outlets and through distributors.

Finagle Lanka (Pvt) Ltd., also offers tailor made products for industrial
consumers including popular fast food chains, garment factories and hospitals.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2010 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              April 3, 2009 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 12

LENGTH: 469 words


Bank of America puts Boston fund manager on the block

BOSTON - Bank of America is reportedly putting its Columbia Management division
on the block as it tries to build up its capital by shedding businesses that are
not considered to be important for the bank's main operations. The Wall Street
Journal reported that B of A is selling Columbia, a Boston fund manager, and
First Republic Bank, a private bank that B of A acquired when it bought Merrill
Lynch. B of A acquired Columbia when it bought FleetBoston Financial Corp. in
2004. The Journal reported that B of A views Columbia as a redundant holding now
that the bank also has a stake in BlackRock, a New York fund manager that was
partly owned by Merrill.

Finagle a bagel closes its Norwell store

NORWELL - Finagle a Bagel has closed its only South Shore shop to focus more on
its downtown Boston and MetroWest-area stores. The Finagle a Bagel store on
Washington Street in Norwell closed last month, owner and co-president Laura
Trust said. It had opened in 2000.

"We've kind of refocused on our more urban locations and our wholesale business,
which is growing significantly," Trust said. "Norwell just ended up falling
outside the core stores."

The Newton chain is considering selling franchises and may look at the South
Shore as a future area for expansion, she said.

Braintree accounting firm opens 2nd office

BRAINTREE - KAF Financial Group of Braintree is opening a second office in
Woburn this month as the accounting firm expands in the suburbs north of Boston.
KAF will initially employ six to eight people at the nearly 4,000-square-foot
office. Once the office opens, KAF will employ 65 people among its two offices.
KAF also recently opened a not-for-practice division to provide accounting
services for foundations, schools and religious organizations.

Sharon restaurant closes its doors

SHARON - Coriander Bistro in Sharon closed its doors several weeks ago. The
upscale French restaurant at 5 Post Office Square was open for more than seven
years. Chef Kevin Crawley continues to teach at Johnson & Wales in Providence.
He and his wife Jill, the restaurant's owners, could not be reached for comment.

Whitman bank gained deposited in 2008

WHITMAN - Like many community banks, Mutual Bank of Whitman continued to gain
deposits last year as investors looked for safe places to park their money. The
bank said on Thursday that its total deposits grew by 3.9 percent, or $7.5
million, in 2008.

Braintree company buys software firm

BRAINTREE - Haemonetics Corp. continued its expansion in high-tech software and
services by acquiring Altivation Software of Chico, Calif. Haemonetics, a
Braintree manufacturer and distributor of blood collection systems, didn't
disclose how much it paid for Altivation, which provides software for the blood
banking industry.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Patriot Ledger


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             July 16, 2005 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Nearly two dozen become ill; unpasteurized juice suspected;
They come down with salmonella; at least 86 cases ID'd in nation

BYLINE: Sue Reinert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 534 words


The Patriot Ledger At least 22 Massachusetts residents have come down with
salmonella linked to unpasteurized orange juice that has also sickened people
nationwide. Another eight Massachusetts cases possibly were caused by the juice
distributed by Orchid Island Juice Co. of Fort Pierce, Fla., state Communicable
Disease Director Dr. Al DeMaria said Friday.

Federal health officials have identified 86 cases in 14 states, DeMaria said.
The Massachusetts victims sought medical treatment but none needed
hospitalization, DeMaria said.

The juice was sold under several labels, including Finagle A Bagel, the
Massachusetts bagel shop chain, which has a store in Norwell. An official of the
company said workers have removed the product and replaced it with Tropicana
orange juice, which is pasteurized.

Laura Trust, co-president of Newton-based Finagle A Bagel, said in a written
statement that her company removed all Orchard Island orange juice from its 19
Boston-area shops immediately after being notified of the voluntary recall. She
said the company knows of no illnesses among its customers, but will no longer
carry unpasteurized juice.

Trust said Finagle a Bagel has not had a complaint about Orchard in the eight
years as a customer.

"We care deeply for the safety of all of our guests," Trust said.

DeMaria said Department of Public Health workers are interviewing patients and
do not yet know what products they drank. However, the 22 confirmed cases have
the same genetic fingerprint as the strain that's linked to the Orchid Island
outbreak, he said.

"We're always concerned about unpasteurized products," he said. "This is another
situation where this product was distributed widely."

Salmonella is one of the most common food-borne infections. About 40,000
confirmed cases are reported annually, but health officials believe that is less
than 5 percent of the total.

Symptoms include diarrhea, cramps, fever, nausea and vomiting, usually starting
six to 72 hours after exposure. Many people don't need medical treatment and the
fatality rate is less than 1 percent for most strains of the pathogen.

Unpasteurized juice has caused several outbreaks. The Food and Drug
Administration has not required pasteurization but the agency ordered juice
processors to develop systems that prevent contamination unless they do
heat-treat their juice.

The rule became effective for large processors in 2002.

Most juice that is not pasteurized does not have to be labeled as such or carry
any warnings.

Orchid Island pioneered the hazard protection system that helped persuade the
FDA not to require pasteurization. The company's web site says its juices are
"truly naturally perfect, never from concentrate & never pasteurized."

Chief Executive Marygrace Sexton said Friday that the company voluntarily
recalled its orange juice July 9 although no salmonella was found in the
product.

Orchid Island also "temporarily" started pasteurizing the other juices it still
distributes, Sexton said.

Other brand names named in the recall: Natalie's Orchid Island Juice Co.;
Albritton Fruit; Gourmet Garage; Kings Market; Nino Salvaggio; Schnucks;
Wegmans; Balducci's; and Zabars. Sue Reinert may be reached at
sreinert@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             April 8, 2006 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

Insider Info;
DAMON STILL ROOTS FOR THE SOX IN VOICE MAIL

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 297 words


The stories behind the stories

Local coffee and doughnut purveyor Dunkinâ[#x20ac][TM] Donuts may have had to
drop its Johnny Damon ads once the traitor â[#x20ac]" er, center fielder
â[#x20ac]" left Boston for that team in the Bronx, but competitor Finagle a
Bagel still proudly sports Damonâ[#x20ac][TM]s voice on its outgoing voice mail.

Laura Trust, co-president of the Newton-based bagel shop company, said the
company won a charity auction to have Damonâ[#x20ac][TM]s voice recorded on its
outgoing voice mail, and she has no intentions of erasing it.

â[#x20ac]oeHe went to the enemy, but we have him on our voice mail and he says
â[#x20ac][#x2dc]Go Sox!â[#x20ac][TM]â[#x20ac] she said, relishing the irony and
tickled that she has evidence of Damonâ[#x20ac][TM]s former affiliation. Finagle
is celebrating Damonâ[#x20ac][TM]s replacement, Coco Crisp, with the Cocoa
Bagel, a chocolate-flavored bagel coated with Rice Krispy-esque crisps. The
company is donating 10 percent from each Cocoa Bagel sold in April to the Jimmy
Fund.

BUD WANTS TO JOIN THE NEW ENGLAND CROWDNew England can boast of a wide range of
small, independent breweries â[#x20ac]" not to mention craft brew leader Boston
Beer Co.

But now, Anheuser-Busch is trying to muscle in on the act. The St. Louis-based
brewing giant is looking to come up with a craft brew that will be made in New
England â[#x20ac]" and sold just to New Englanders â[#x20ac]" at the
companyâ[#x20ac][TM]s Merrimack, N.H., plant.

Hereâ[#x20ac][TM]s where you come in: The company is soliciting votes to find
out which beer it should make, and offers three finalists on its
originalbeers.com Web site. You can pick from Devilâ[#x20ac][TM]s Hop Yard IPA,
Stone Face Ale and Leaf Peeper Pils.

The contest is part of the companyâ[#x20ac][TM]s larger effort to gain
recognition for some craft brewing. But we donâ[#x20ac][TM]t expect it to change
its focus on its big money maker, Budweiser, any time soon.

Patriot Ledger staff

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

Word game: July 12, 2013

BYLINE: United Feature Syndicate Inc.

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 212 words


bc-game adv12 6-6

FROM UNIVERSAL UCLICK

WORD GAME by Kathleen Saxe

FOR RELEASE: Friday, July 12, 2013 TODAY'S WORD -- FINAGLE (FINAGLE:
fih-NAY-gul: To achieve by indirect, usually deceitful methods.) Average mark 26
words Time limit 45 minutes Can you find 40 or more words in FINAGLE?

The list will be published tomorrow. YESTERDAY'S WORD -- AARDWOLF afar alar
award road draw drawl dwarf ward woad wold wolf word world oral lard load loaf
lord fado farad faro foal fold ford fowl flaw flora flow Did you find any words
not on the list? RULES OF THE GAME: 1. Words must be of four or more letters. 2.
Words that acquire four letters by the addition of "s," such as "bats" or
"dies," are not allowed. 3. Additional words made by adding a "d" or an "s" may
not be used. For example, if "bake" is used, "baked" or "bakes" are not allowed,
but "bake" and "baking" are admissible. 4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar
or sexually explicit words are not allowed. To contact Word Game creator
Kathleen Saxe, write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, Universal Uclick, 1130 Walnut
St., Kansas City, MO 64106. (EDITORS: For editorial questions, please contact
Alan McDermott at amcdermottamuniversal.com .) COPYRIGHT 2013 UNITED FEATURE
SYNDICATE DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK FOR UFS

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Finagle Inc

                                1503 16Th Ave S
                              Nashville,  TN 37212
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (866) 346-2453
URL: www.finagle.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Discover, then delight -- that's our mission. Our goal has always been to
create an immersive, vibrant and competitive place where advertisers directly
connect with consumers in a mutually beneficially way. Because of that difficult
mission, we have developed and tested numerous prototypes of the Finagle concept
over numerous years. From creating a visual brand search engine to focusing on
specific verticals (such as travel, fashion, and local) - dozens of major and
minor iterations have been tested. Most of this experimentation was done in
private, which has allowed us to freely explore every aspect and detail. We're
almost ready to go, so look for a (re)imagined Finagle this summer.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 1,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 7, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 04-07-02: ON LANGUAGE;
Slippery Slope

BYLINE:  By William Safire

SECTION: Section 6; Column 3; Magazine Desk; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1029 words


'In bioethics," writes Robin Henig, a science writer from Takoma Park, Md., "a
slippery slope implies a certain inevitability to scientific progress, an
inability to put a stop to progressively more loathsome applications of
knowledge once we receive knowledge in the first place. When did the term come
into use, and what has it meant other than the way we use it today in
bioethics?"

In politics: Archbishop Desmond Tutu, in decrying the undemocratic methods of
Zimbabwe's president, Robert Mugabe, said that the African nation was "on the
slippery slope of perdition." (By using "of," he used perdition to mean "eternal
damnation"; had he said "to," it would have meant "hell.") The Nobel laureate
Tutu liked that phrase: "When you use violence to silence your critics . . . you
are on the slippery slope toward dictatorship."

Civil libertarians in the United States use it, too: Otis Moss III, pastor of
the Tabernacle Baptist Church in Augusta, Ga., warned that President Bush and
his attorney general "stand upon a slippery moral slope as they attempt to
respond to this horrific act with legal procedures that shred the foundation of
our Constitution."

Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Before the ever-popular phrase was extended
into metaphor, it was used by poets who liked the alliteration to mean, simply
enough, a muddy hill on which one could break one's neck. Herman Melville in his
1876 "Clarel": "The steeds withstand the slippery slope/While yet their outflung
fore-feet grope." And Robert Frost in 1916: "As standing in the river road,/He
looked back up the slippery slope/(Two miles it was) to his abode."

But the key task of the phrasedick is to find earliest uses of the current sense
of "a course that leads inexorably to disaster." The O.E.D. tracks it to a 1951
novel, but new retrieval technology lets us do better than that. The economist
Herbert Heaton wrote in 1928 that Canadian "cards and bills alike found
themselves on the steep slippery slope of war finance." And thanks to the
Cornell Making of America database, we have this 1857 use from Chamber's
Journal: "When the educated person of middle class is reduced to pennilessness .
. . what but this gives him the desire to struggle again up the slippery slope
of fortune?"

In both those citations, the meaning is closer to "the greasy pole," a figure of
political speech popularized by Benjamin Disraeli to describe the difficult
climb and easy fall from power. The current sense of "first step in what will be
a long slide" probably surfaced in the early 20th century, possibly in an
article by a writer in a 1909 Quarterly Review, published in London: "the first
step down that slippery slope at the bottom of which lies a parliamentary
government for India." If you want to join the phrasedick fellowship, send along
an earlier usage and get an effusive accolade.

Nowadays, as Ms. Henig notes, the phrase is often used in controversies about
ethics. "It does not make sense to ban stem-cell research where abortion is
completely legal and fertility clinics destroy untold embryos," wrote Marcel
D'Eon in The StarPhoenix of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, last month. "And it
demonstrates what opponents of abortion have been saying for more than 30 years:
we are on a slippery slope. Who knows where it will lead?"

Logicians are very cautious about slippery slope arguments because it is
impossible to know beforehand, with absolute deductive certainty, that an
"if-then" statement is true. President Dwight Eisenhower in 1954 came up with
the "falling domino" principle: "You knocked over the first one, and what would
happen to the last one was the certainty that it would go over very quickly."
This "domino theory" was later much derided by opponents to our defense of South
Vietnam.

FINAGLE

Reporting from the recent Arab summit meeting in Beirut, Neil MacFarquhar of The
New York Times wrote that some participants could be found wandering through the
smoke-filled hotel lobby talking to "reporters who finagle their way through
dragnet security."

The use of that apparent Yiddishism in covering an Arab event struck me as
amusing. I turned to Leo Rosten's "Joys of Yiddish" for a rundown on finagle --
and could not find it.

That's because it is not a Yiddishism. (Funny, you don't look English.) Like
mishmash, which dates to 15th-century English, the verb finagle is a word that
sounds Germanic. It rhymes with bagel, from the Old High German verb boug, "to
bend." (A store in Boston calls itself Finagle a Bagel.)

The verb appears occasionally in The Times, especially in the entertainment
sections, not in quotation marks. Describing the movie "Family Man": "the plot
allows him to finagle his way back to Wall Street." Describing Richard Wagner's
"Ring" operas: "You cannot pursue power without sabotaging love; you cannot have
love without relinquishing power. Wotan tries to finagle this."

That's because it is not slang, but a once-special term now in such general use
that it has shed its dialect status. One proposed origin is in the southwest
English shires: fainaigue, "to cheat; to renege on a debt; to deceive by
flattery," perhaps associated with the Old French fornier, "to deny."

However, the Dictionary of American Regional English speculates that it may be
an eponym from Gregor von Feinaigle, a "German proponent of mnemonics who
lectured (and was often ridiculed) in England and France." (It's an easy way to
remember his name.)

Finagler first appeared in the United States in 1922. In current use, the
element of outright cheating has faded; its primary sense is no longer "to
obtain by trickery or dishonest means." Deft deception now dominates: finagle,
as we use it today, is "to slyly gain entry or advantage; skillfully to employ a
devious scheme to achieve one's ends." A finagler is one who knows the ins and
outs of power brokerage and favor exchange, who finds ways to exploit the
weaknesses of others, who knows how to use indirection to gain leverage and win
some small but useful advantage.

A crook he's not; a devious schemer the finagler remains, drawing minor
opprobrium for his methods as well as a tut-tutting admiration for his ability
to deliver results.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     August 10, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

'Slippery slope' had simpler beginning

SOURCE: New York Times

BYLINE: William Safire

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. M12

LENGTH: 1050 words


'In bioethics," writes Robin Henig, a science writer from Maryland, "a slippery
slope implies a certain inevitability to scientific progress, an inability to
put a stop to progressively more loathsome applications of knowledge once we
receive knowledge in the first place.

"When did the term come into use and what has it meant other than the way we use
it today in bioethics?"

In politics: Archbishop Desmond Tutu, in decrying the undemocratic methods of
Zimbabwe's president, Robert Mugabe, once said that the African nation was "on
the slippery slope of perdition." (By using "of," he used perdition to mean
eternal damnation. Had he said "to," it would have meant hell.)

Tutu liked the phrase, "When you use violence to silence your critics ... you
are on the slippery slope toward dictatorship."

Civil libertarians in the United States use it, too. Otis Moss, pastor of the
Tabernacle Baptist Church in Augusta, Ga., warned that President George Bush and
his attorney general "stand upon a slippery moral slope when they attempt to
respond to horrific acts with legal procedures that shred the foundation of our
Constitution."

Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Before the ever popular phrase was extended
into metaphor, it was used by poets who liked the alliteration to mean, simply
enough, a muddy hill on which one could break one's neck.

Herman Melville in his 1876 Clarel wrote: "The steeds withstand the slippery
slope/While yet their outflung fore-feet grope." And Robert Frost in 1916: "As
standing in the river road,/He looked back up the slippery slope/(Two miles it
was) to his abode."

But the key task of the phrasedick is to find earliest uses of the current sense
of "a course that leads inexorably to disaster." The O.E.D. tracks it to a 1951
novel, but new retrieval technology lets us do better than that. The economist
Herbert Heaton wrote in 1928 that Canadian "cards and bills alike found
themselves on the steep slippery slope of war finance."

And thanks to the Cornell Making of America database, we have this 1857 use from
Chamber's Journal: "When the educated person of middle class is reduced to
pennilessness ... what but this gives him the desire to struggle again up the
slippery slope of fortune?"

In both those citations, the meaning is closer to "the greasy pole," a figure of
political speech popularized by Benjamin Disraeli to describe the difficult
climb and easy fall from power.

The current sense of "first step in what will be a long slide" probably surfaced
in the early 20th century, possibly in an article by a writer in a 1909
Quarterly Review, published in London: "...the first step down that slippery
slope at the bottom of which lies a parliamentary government for India."

If you want to join the phrasedick fellowship, send along an earlier usage and
get an effusive accolade. Nowadays, as Henig notes, the phrase is often used in
controversies about ethics.

"It does not make sense to ban stem-cell research where abortion is completely
legal and fertility clinics destroy untold embryos," wrote Marcel D'Eon in the
Saskatoon Star Phoenix earlier this year. "And it demonstrates what opponents of
abortion have been saying for more than 30 years: we are on a slippery slope.
Who knows where it will lead?"

Logicians are very cautious about slippery slope arguments because it is
impossible to know beforehand, with absolute deductive certainty, that an
"if-then" statement is true.

President Dwight Eisenhower in 1954 came up with the "falling domino" principle:
"You knocked over the first one and what would happen to the last one was the
certainty that it would go over very quickly." This domino theory was later much
derided by opponents of the U.S. defence of South Vietnam.

Finagle

Reporting from the Arab summit meeting this past spring in Beirut, Neil
MacFarquhar of The New York Times wrote that some participants could be found
wandering through the smoke-filled hotel lobby talking to "reporters who finagle
their way through dragnet security."

The use of that apparent Yiddishism in covering an Arab event struck me as
amusing. I turned to Leo Rosten's Joys of Yiddish for a rundown on finagle and
could not find it.

That's because it is not a Yiddishism. (Funny, you don't look English.) Like
mishmash, which dates to 15th-century English, the verb finagle is a word that
sounds Germanic. It rhymes with bagel, from the Old High German verb boug,
meaning to bend. (A store in Boston calls itself Finagle a Bagel.)

The verb appears occasionally in The Times, especially in the entertainment
sections, not in quotation marks. A description of the movie Family Man says:
"The plot allows him to finagle his way back to Wall Street." A description of
Richard Wagner's Ring operas says: "You cannot pursue power without sabotaging
love; you cannot have love without relinquishing power. Wotan tries to finagle
this."

That's because it is not slang, but a once special term now in such general use
that it has shed its dialect status.

One proposed origin is in the southwest English shires: fainaigue, "to cheat; to
renege on a debt; to deceive by flattery," perhaps associated with the Old
French fornier, to deny.

However, the Dictionary of American Regional English speculates it may be an
eponym from Gregor von Feinaigle, a "German proponent of mnemonics who lectured
(and was often ridiculed) in England and France." (It's an easy way to remember
his name.)

Finagler first appeared in the United States in 1922. In current use, the
element of outright cheating has faded. Its primary sense is no longer "to
obtain by trickery or dishonest means."

Deft deception now dominates. Finagle, as we use it today, is "to slyly gain
entry or advantage; skilfully to employ a devious scheme to achieve one's ends."
A finagler is one who knows the ins and outs of power brokerage and favour
exchange, who finds ways to exploit the weaknesses of others, who knows how to
use indirection to gain leverage and win some small but useful advantage.

A crook he's not. A devious schemer the finagler remains, drawing minor
opprobrium for his methods as well as a tut-tutting admiration for his ability
to deliver results.

William Safire writes on language for The New York Times Magazine.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Spectator File Photo; Desmond Tutu said that Zimbabwe was 'on
the slippery slope of perdition.'

TYPE: column

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          February 22, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

FOOD BRIEFS;
Spaghetti supper

BYLINE: The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 259 words


Enjoy a spaghetti and meatball dinner, with salad and dessert, at 6 p.m. Feb. 26
at the Church of Holy Nativity, 8 Nevin Road, Weymouth. Tickets are $5 and
proceeds benefit the social and service activities of the churchâ[#x20ac][TM]s
youth group. For information, call 781-335-2030.

Spanakopita class

Learn to work with phyllo dough to make the Greek spinach pie, spanakopita at a
workshop from 6:30 to 8 p.m. March 6 at Holmes Public Library, 470 Plymouth St.,
Halifax. The workshop is free, but pre-registration is required. For
information, call 781-293-2271.

Moosewood chef

Meet Moosewood Cookbook author and chef Wynelle Stein when she signs her new
book â[#x20ac]oeMoosewood Restaurant Simple Suppersâ[#x20ac] from 8 to 10:30
a.m. March 1 at Finagle A Bagel, 1240 Boylston St., Chestnut Hill, and from 11
a.m to 3 p.m. March 1 at Finagle A Bagel, 545 Boylston St., Boston. The book
will be sold at a discounted rate of $25.

Wine pairing Enjoy six wines paired with an appetizer at the California Red Wine
Pairing at 6:30 p.m. March 20 at McCormick & Schmickâ[#x20ac][TM]s Seafood
Restaurant, North Market Building, Faneuil Hall, Boston. Cost is $55. For
information, call 617-720-5230.

Gourmet Greek

Chef Paul Delios and wine director Fotis Stamos host a seven-course wine dinner
featuring Greek specialties March 21 at Meze Estiatorio, 100 City Square,
Charlestown. The menu includes halibut â[#x20ac]oeplakiâ[#x20ac] ceviche, duck
spanakopita, baby back ribs with Greek herbs and spices and masticha pannacotta.
Tickets are $65. For reservations, call 617-242-6393 or visit mezeboston.com.

The Patriot Ledger

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SHE SLEEPS ON COUCH AS SLEAZY POLS SCAM THE SYSTEM. TRUTH KEEPS HARDWORKING MOM
FROM GETTING 2BR APARTMENT WHILE LAWMAKERS LIE TO LAND CHEAP PADS

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL DALY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 625 words


When the interviewer at the affordable housing office asked her income, Monique
Hendricks told the full and decidedly inconvenient truth.

"That's what you're supposed to do," the 44-year-old single mother said.

She did so even though she likely could have gotten away with being less than
forthright.

She did not even think of trying to scam it like City Councilman Eric Dilan
(D-Brooklyn) who, the Daily News I-Team found, managed to finagle affordable
housing even though he and his wife made way too much money.

"I didn't go under the table or call in a favor," she said.

She had plenty of reason to finagle when she sat down for the interview at 9:30
a.m. Tuesday.

She and her 15-year-old son, Nasean Catron, live in a one-bedroom,
rent-stabilized apartment on W. 141st St.

She gives him the bedroom so he can have the privacy a happy teen requires -
while she sleeps in the living room on the sofa despite crippling back problems.

The affordable housing at the Harriet Tubman Apartments on W. 143rd St. would
cost just $17 more a month for two bedrooms. She would sleep in an actual bed.

"Your own room, my own room!" she had rhapsodized to her son.

Had she been a morally challenged politician like Dilan, she would have declared
only the $26,488 in Social Security she and her son annually have received since
a bad fall left her permanently disabled.

She instead acted as the daughter of the NYPD detective who taught her that
lying never pays.

She also reported the $5,762 she earned last year preparing résumés, even though
she stopped that work in October.

" said are you going to be doing this again?' " Hendricks would recall. "I said,
'No this was just a one-time thing.' She said, 'I still have to add it.' "

The interviewer did some quick math and asked Hendricks to sign a paper.

"She said, 'This is just a letter saying I did the calculations in front of
you,' " Hendricks recalled.

The interviewer than handed her another paper.

"Dear Applicant,

We have terminated the processing of your...application for the following
reason(s)..."

The long list of possible reasons ranged from poor credit to poor rent history.
The only check was next to the seventh one.

"7. You are over the maximum income required for a family of two. The maximum
income for your family is $30,432 and your household's annual income has been
determined to be $32,250."

Hendricks' did some calculations of her own. Minus the résumé income, she would
have been $3,944 under the maximum. Honesty put her $1,818 over. The math
distilled to a single, ache-inducing word.

"Sofa."

The interviewer did not indicate Hendricks had any recourse, but she later read
online that she could appeal. She is giving it a try on the grounds that the
numbers do not reflect her current income.

Meanwhile, she will be sleeping on the sofa as an honest citizen, as good an
example for her son as her father was for her.

She is offended to her very core by politicians such as Dilan, who finagled
affordable housing when his income was $46,000 over the maximum, or Councilwoman
Darlene Mealy, (D-Brooklyn), who glommed a low-income condo meant for households
earning less than $15,200 a year.

"And you're going to penalize me for eighteen hundred dollars that isn't even a
steady income?" Hendricks said.

In proposing a remedy for such disgraceful conduct, Hendricks notes she is a
regular voter.

"And not just the big elections," she said.

She further notes that Dilan and Mealy and their ilk can be voted out just as
they were voted in.

"They call us the little people," she said. "Actually, we have the biggest voice
of all," she said.

Speaking of big, her son wears a size 14 shoe and will keep growing in an
apartment that is too small.

"I don't even want to think about it," Hendricks said.

mdaly@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Monique Hendricks' $32,250 salary was $1,818 too much to qualify for
affordable housing. (inset, above r.). Photos by Mariela Lombard Peter Koo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             March 14, 2005 Monday
                                  ROP Edition

Gaelic;
Easy and fun ways to get your green on for St. Patrick's Day

BYLINE: Drake Lucas

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1311 words


For The Patriot Ledger

While March 17 may be associated with pub crawls and whiskey shots, other events
and attractions are scheduled to honor the Irish and the spirit of St. Patrick -
the patron saint of Ireland, who is credited for bringing Christianity to the
country in the fifth century.

Here are a few ways to go green and learn a little about the Emerald Isle. 'Erin
Go Bagel' Finagle a Bagel's green 'Erin Go Bagels' are a 10-year tradition and
will be available at local stores until March 17. They taste like Finagle's
regular plain variety but have a greenish tint to add an Irish flair. Leprechaun
Lattes

Get a little green whipped cream with your Leprechaun Lattes at Starbucks. They
taste like a peppermint mocha and twenty-five cents from each sale goes to
benefit pre-school children in the Boston and Hartford areas through Jumpstart,
a national literacy organization based in Boston.

Flower power

The many shades of Ireland's will be displayed at the New England Flower Show's
Irish Castle Garden. The exhibit represents a classical Irish garden and
features Irish entertainers, including bagpipers and step dancers that will
perform throughout the day on March 17. Tourism Ireland will be giving away a
trip for two to Ireland.

The exhibit, designed by Jim Foster of Shrewsbury, will use plants that are
"hearty to Ireland." Sweet-smelling peonies will mix with delphiniums, fox
gloves and rhododendrons. Foster uses all pinks, whites and blues.

"They are very soft colors, very subtle," said Foster. "They create a serene
feel and blend in nicely with the greens."

Trace your roots Marie Daly of the New England Historic Genealogical Society
will lead a workshop on "Finding Your Irish Ancestor's Dwelling Place" on March
16 and 19.

She traced her family to her great-great grandfather, James Murphy and his home
in Ireland, a small shack that became a pig sty once the family moved out.

"We traipsed all around the house. We even found a rusting potato pot they
cooked potatoes in," she said. Knowing the exact parish or town land that the
family is from in Ireland can speed up the search, which can be completed in a
few hours for some and a few years for others.

Aisling open house

Maureen Connolly came from County Kerry in Ireland with her sister in 1960, but
she connects to her homeland through the Aisling Gallery and store in Hingham
that she started with her husband. They feature Irish artwork and goods, as well
as classes in literature and calligraphy. Enjoy Irish smoked salmon, homemade
scones and a drink to good health at the gallery from 5 to 8 p.m. March 17.

Connolly has hosted the St. Patrick's Day open house since they opened the store
15 years ago.

"It's a tradition now," said Connolly. "People come in, have a few drinks and
chit-chat with neighbors and friends."

Places of peace

A glimpse of Ireland also can be viewed at Lorica Artworks in Andover, which
specializes in Irish art. Their show "Quiet Places," which runs through April
28, focuses on places of peace and solitude from both Southern and Northern
Irish artists.

Mia Guerrera, who owns the gallery with her husband, is "100 percent Italian,"
but she fell in love with Ireland and its art while visiting Northern Ireland in
1997. She said the North does not get as much cultural recognition as Southern
Ireland because of political problems and she hopes to promote their talent
through her gallery.

The Boston Irish

Boston culture is inevitably linked to Irish culture. Milton author Michael
Quinlin, president of the Boston-Irish Tourism Association, will be giving a
lecture March 19 about "Shaping the Boston Irish Persona Through Culture." He
recognizes three different periods of Irish art and genius in Boston, from the
first Irish immigrants in the 18th century to today.

"They are all characterized by the same vibrant activity in the community and a
great uproaring of cultural expression," said Quinlin. He mentioned John
Singleton Copley, "America's first great portrait painter," and Louis Sullivan,
"Father of American architecture," as unsung heroes of Boston Irish history.

"A lot of books have already been written on politics and the Catholic church.
What I wanted to do was get beyond those institutions and look at individuals,"
said Quinlin.

Quinlin will discuss his books, "Irish Boston: A lively Look at Boston's
Colorful Irish Past" and "Classic Irish Stories: Tales from Ireland and other
Green Shores."

Irish gangsters

From the art world to the underworld, the Boston Irish are also known for the
sordid affairs of Irish organized crime. T.J. English, author of "Paddy Whacked:
The Untold Story of the Irish-American Gangster" will be lecturing about the
Boston gang wars of the early 1960s between South Boston and Charlestown that
gave rise to the power of Boston's infamous mobster Whitey Bulger.

English describes how the history of the Irish mobster began in the 1840s when
the Potato Famine of Ireland sent a mass of immigrants to America, destitute and
desperate. "The Irish were viewed as vermin, the lowest of the low," said
English. That, he said, led to a tremendous amount of anti-Catholic bigotry in
the 1840s through the 1860s, including church bombings. The Irish grouped
together to form the Irish Mafia. Less structured than the Italian mafia, the
Irish tended to overlap into the semi-legitimate world of politics and lawmen.
Whitey's world

No one is more connected with the Boston Irish mafia - and the FBI - than Whitey
Bulger. His relationship with the FBI seemed more like a mystery novel than
reality when it broke in Boston 10 years ago, complete with unsolved murders,
government involvement in crime and kingpins on the run.

David Kales let his imagination turn the facts into fiction in his book, "The
Phantom Pirate: Tales of the Irish Mafia and the Boston Harbor Islands." He
described Bulger, known as James Freney in the book, as a modern-day pirate, a
mythical character who had power that permeated not only South Boston but also
the FBI for whom he was an informant.

Kales kept the characters and some events, but changed the names and took
dramatic liberties to weave the story of Freney from a young boy in South Boston
to time spent on Alcatraz to his eventual control over Boston's organized crime.

Kales' book is available in independent bookstores west of Boston, in some
Barnes & Noble bookstores, and online at Authorhouse.com.

Irish literature

Traditional Irish writers will be the theme of a lecture series at the Ventress
Memorial Library in Marshfield. The series will kick off with William Butler
Yeats from 7 to 9 p.m. March 16. The first hour will include a talk by
Bridgewater State College Professor Garland Kimmer, followed by discussion and
"pub snacks."

The series will go through May and will include John M. Synge and Seamus Heaney.
The finale will be James Joyce on "Bloomsday Eve," June 15, to commemorate the
day that Joyce's book "Ulysses" takes place. LUSH life This British cosmetics
company really knows how to get its green on. LUSH, at 166 Newbury St., Boston,
suggests the following beauty treat to really whoop it up this year: Avobath
Bomb: Avo, as in avocado (read: green) is packed with skin-caring oils and
vitamins. You'll leave your tub with soft, glittery skin. T for Toes dusting
powder: Tea tree oil (read: green) is the main ingredient in this foot and shoe
dusting powder to refresh stinky feet and footwear. Karma Komba: This green
shampoo bar is for all hair types.

If green is not your thing this St. Patty's Day, then maybe beer is. Try LUSH's
Cynthia Sylvia Stout shampoo, which contains organic vegan stout. Order online
at www.lush.com . DID YOU KNOW? Boston was the first city to celebrate St.
Patrick's Day in America, in the 18th century - fitting since our area boasts
the nation's largest population of folks of Irish ancestry.

Drake Lucas may be reached at dlucas@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 14, 2003 Sunday

Road test

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 57 words


Dennis Hunter, 23, tunes his Mustang radio controlled car as Bo Corbin, 17,
looks on at Bicentennial Park on Thursday. "All you do is finagle, finagle,
finagle with these things," Hunter said. But he still thinks it's the best way
to race cars. "With one of these, you're only out $300 or $400 if you wreck one
at 65 mph."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: NORTH PINELLAS NOTEBOOK

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, THERESA BLACKWELL; Dennis Hunter, 23, tunes his Mustang radio
controlled car as Bo Corbin, 17, looks on at Bicentennial Park on Thursday.

TYPE: STAND ALONE ART

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

PRIVATE MARINA TO BE ON PUBLIC PROPERTY

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET; PAUL SWIDER, Times Staff Writers

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Deal leases boat slips on state land.


Gov. Charlie Crist and the Cabinet on Tuesday voted to lease state submerged
lands to a St. Petersburg developer for private boat slips, despite claims by
Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink that the deal was a ripoff.

The 3-1 vote allows the developer to triple the size of an existing, 30-slip
docking facility at Waterside at Coquina Key North.

Attorney General Bill McCollum and Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson
joined Crist in approving the project.

"This is the people's water, the people's property," Sink protested. "To me,
it's like a ripoff to the people of Florida."

Sink noted that the lessee must pay a lease fee of $8,600 plus 6 percent of the
annual income to the state. By Sink's calculations, the developer can make a
$6-million profit over the five-year term of the lease. "Private profiteering,"
she called it. "To me, it's not good economics."

The project was defended by Mike Sole, Crist's secretary of the Department of
Environmental Protection, who noted that after the five-year lease expires, the
governor and Cabinet have the option to renew it, cancel it or change the terms.

The lease fees and other terms are already part of state law, Sole said, and the
DEP plans to issue an intent to permit construction.

Ways to finagle

Sink wondered what would happen if the state did not renew the lease. Those who
bought the $65,000 slips would be left with nothing. She also said the 6 percent
could be manipulated by selling a package that priced the condo higher and the
slip lower.

"There's all sorts of ways you could finagle this," she said.

The developers said they expect to keep renewing the submerged land lease.

"The state has not not renewed any," said Alex Walker, a partner with
Prospect-Marathon Coquina LLC. "Banks finance them. It's common knowledge in
Florida that this is perpetually renewable."

Added value

Walker said Sink's calculation of his profit ignores the price the developer
paid initially for the Coquina Key Arms apartments that later became this
development. Though the submerged land lease is a separate transaction, he said,
the submerged lands have no value without the uplands where the condos sit.

The developer paid $110-million more than a year ago for the 1,000-unit
apartment, then invested another $45-million converting it to a 912-unit condo.
The condos sell for $170,000 to $650,000, Walker said.

Sole said the project's value is enhanced by the developer's willingness to
spend $300,000 for a new public boat ramp at Sutherland Bayou in Palm Harbor, to
be operated by Pinellas County. Because the project is in a county aquatic
preserve, the developer had to contribute to the boat ramp to demonstrate that
the project had some public interest.

Neighbors are split

Some environmentalists object.

"I see nothing wrong with a business making a profit," said neighbor Laurie
Macdonald. "But at the expense of the public interest? I don't like that."

Macdonald, who lives in Driftwood and works as Florida director of Defenders of
Wildlife, said she fears the project will harm the ecosystem of Big Bayou and
threaten animals that live there, despite assurances by the DEP and the
developer that they've done all they can to make the slips environmentally
benign. She also said the slips would add boat traffic to an otherwise tranquil
bay.

"We all have boat slips, why shouldn't they?" said another Driftwood resident,
Jopie Helsen, who operates Sailor's Wharf, a boat maintenance yard in Southeast
St. Petersburg. "Everybody who lives in Florida wants a boat slip."

The condo slips, for boats 26 feet or shorter, will address a growing need for
slips in Florida, Helsen said.

The project has no fueling station and no sewage pumpout. The slips will be
built away from sea grasses and tall enough to allow sunlight to shine through
to the bottom.

They accompany another 211 slips the developer rebuilt on the project's other
half at the southern end of the island.

Crist said he voted for the project because he believes it is good for the
taxpayers. "It's free enterprise," Crist said.

McCollum, while voting yes, also voiced concerns about whether the deal made
financial sense. "The 6 percent is probably not high enough for the state, in
this day and age," McCollum said. "We could be getting more, and I don't think
it would deter development."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: CFO Alex Sink calls the lease terms for the submerged land at
St. Petersburg's Coquina Key a ripoff.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           January 15, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Finagling his way to the top; Ottawa's Parispolice isn't about clothing. It's
about lifestyle. And it's getting international attention, Joanne Laucius
discovers.

BYLINE: Joanne Laucius, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. J3

LENGTH: 773  words


Here are some things about the Ottawa-based "conceptual apparel" line
Parispolice:

1. Parispolice isn't a reference to the gendarmerie in France. The true
reference is probably lost on those who don't speak Farsi. More on that later.

2. Finagler is a word. In English. It's a noun that means a swindler who gets
what he wants through deceitful means. One who finagles. Just ask Paul "Pauly D"
DelVecchio, the Rhode Island-raised Italian-American DJ who has shot to stardom
on Jersey Shore.

3. You think pastel clothes embellished with crystals are for middle-school
girls? Wrong. Men wear clothes decorated with crystals. Dozens of sparkling
crystals.

Welcome to the world of Parispolice, a line that has burst into the
international scene, thanks to celebrities such as the aforementioned Pauly D,
who has a "Finagler" shirt and has worn Parispolice to shows in Miami, Boston
and Chicago.

Parispolice, which sold about 1,500 shirts in 2010, has produced three shirts on
the finagling theme: "I finagle," "Finagler" and "Finagling is my hobby." Its
women's line includes a tank top with the words "Man Beater" on it, and another
with the words "I love my man friend."

Whatever does it mean? Whatever you want it to mean, says Parispolice founder
and designer Alan Zadeh.

"We just want to be a brand that everyone can wear for their own reasons," he
says. "It's about lifestyle, not clothes."

The line is riding high on its connection with celebrities. Amber Rose, model,
socialite and Kanye West's ex-girlfriend, has worn Parispolice. Singer Danny
Fernandes wore it to Ottawa Fashion Week.

Pauly D loves Parispolice so much he wanted the whole collection. He is now in
talks with Parispolice to collaborate on a line. Last week, Zadeh was on the
phone with Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria about his new unisex line,
Posh.

"The direct connection celebs have with their followers is extraordinary, and
the bonus of that is, anything they mention, wear, talk about, show interest in,
millions of their fans do the same but in an extravagant way," he says.

Celebrity creates curiosity about the products, propelled by social media, says
Zadeh, who points to the way Britney Spears sparked a fashion hit for Von Dutch
with trucker hats.

"The way pop culture goes, you're bringing the blend of two extremes together,"
says Zadeh. "The more you keep them guessing, the more they want to be
involved."

Born in Iran, Zadeh came to Ottawa in 1992 at the age of 10. Parispolice is
actually a take on the Farsi pronunciation of "Persepolis," the capital of the
ancient Persian empire.

Zadeh went to Carleton University, studied law and worked as a nightclub
manager, but found Ottawa's fashion scene rather uninspiring. He started
Parispolice in 2008 on a whim with six of his own designs. Not wanting to
outsource the manufacturing, he found Canadian manufacturers to produce the
shirts. Each shirt is hand-distressed, nipped around the edges and airbrushed so
each piece is unique.

Parispolice's men's collection averages about $90 a shirt. They are silkscreened
using six or seven colours. Some designs that incorporate Swarovski crystals
cost as much as $145. (The crystals are set in the shirt using adhesive, which
makes it more comfortable for the wearer than those that use metal prongs, says
Zadeh.)

Every design has a story behind it. The "Imperial" shirt, for example, features
a quote from King Cyrus of Persia. Others are pop culture references. The most
expensive shirt in the line is "Skully" made with 150 Swarovski crystals. But
aren't skulls so Pirates of the Caribbean? Is the skull motif going through a
revival already?

"You could make fun of someone for wearing that," says Zadeh. "But it sells more
than the others."

His shirts have been a bigger hit in Quebec than in Ontario. "The thing abut the
Ontario market is that it's a conservative market," says Zadeh, whose shirts
retail in Ottawa at Premium Clothing on Rideau Street and in stores in Montreal,
Toronto and Vancouver.

He is launching Posh after he noticed that some of his pieces aimed at women
were more popular with men who prefer fitted shirts and don't shy away from
pastels or fluorescent colours. Men have even embraced the designs embellished
with crystals.

"Bling is not so much shininess as the way you wear it," says Zadeh, who points
out that Key Closet sells crystal-embellished shirts for $800 and jeans
encrusted with Swarovski crystals for $10,000. Even in the hip-hop scene, it's
not about the big bling chains as much as the belt buckles and $1,500 shoes, he
says.

"A lot of people hate my clothes. But I've caught them trying them on. You hate
the fact you love it."

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bruno Schlumberger, The Ottawa Citizen; Alan  Zadeh is the founder
and designer at Parispolice, which sells fitted  T-shirts to the hip hop and
clubbing types (average cost: $90 for a  men's shirt, with prices as high as
$145). This label has taken off  since celebs started wearing it.;
Colour Photo: Parispolice;;
Colour Photo: Parispolice;;
Colour Photo: Parispolice;; Colour
Photo: Parispolice;;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           December 24, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Broadway produces self-aware comedy

BYLINE: Jay Stone, CanWest News Service

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 511  words


THE PRODUCERS

Starring: Nathan Lane, Matthew Broderick, Uma Thurman

Directed by:

Susan Stroman

Rating: 3 out of five

- - -

Mel Brooks' 1968 comedy The Producers has returned to the screen, having taken a
long detour and picked up a lot of modernistic baggage along the way.

The original film told the story of a crooked Broadway producer who realized he
could make more money from a flop than a hit show, and went out to create one.
That movie became a Broadway hit in its own right, with songs that turned the
theatrical parody into a self-referential musical. That new version, which has
been turned back into a movie, is filled with the winks and nods that have
become the genre du jour of Broadway thus making it a movie of a musical of a
movie that, in its second and third incarnations, was also a musical and a movie
at least partly about being a musical and a movie, respectively.

That puts a lot of self-awareness up there on screen, most of it conveyed by
Nathan Lane, who takes the old Zero Mostel role of Max Bialystock, the
unreconstructed charlatan who finagles little old ladies out of their investment
money -- finagle being a euphemism in this context -- and puts on such disasters
as Funny Boy, a musical version of Hamlet. Like he does with many of his stage
and screen projects, Lane arrives with quotation marks already in place: he's
both in the show and commenting on being in it.

The Producers reunites Lane with Matthew Broderick from the original Broadway
cast. Broderick is Leopold Bloom, mild-mannered accountant who comes up with the
scheme to create a flop on purpose and then dives into it as a way to salvage
his boring life. Broderick's artificial staginess gives the first half hour of
The Producers the tone of something that was created to fail on purpose.

Director Susan Stroman allows her actors to emote as if they were reaching to
the last row of the balcony, and we're almost drowned in a tsunami of hamminess.
Many Broadway musicals become ossified on screen, and for a while The Producers
looks like ossified frivolity, an odd combination.

But things loosen up in the second half and it turns into a vintage Mel Brooks
movie, full of disconnections and silliness. Stroman, who also directed the
stage version, gives The Producers the feel of Broadway: many numbers designed
are as if they were in a proscenium, and the few that are opened up into the
streets of New York City aren't as successful.

Back at the plot, Bialystock and Bloom go through a large stack of scripts until
they find the worst one ever, a musical about the Third Reich called Springtime
for Hitler. They hire the dreadful director, and then a sexy leading lady, a
Swedish bombshell named Ulla (Uma Thurman).

That sets the scene for the big finale, the Springtime For Hitler musical, which
was so shocking in 1968 and now seems vaguely campy. Indeed, you feel that it
too could be a hit with just a little more self-awareness. In this tribute to
musicals, making the show-within-a-show a show of its own may be the next step
in the process. We can't wait to invest.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Courtesy, Universal Studios; Nathan Lane, left, and Matthew Broderick in
The Producers.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

CABINET OKAYS COQUINA SLIPS

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET; PAUL SWIDER, Times Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: CFO Alex Sink calls the lease terms for the submerged land a ripoff.


Gov. Charlie Crist and the Cabinet on Tuesday voted to lease state submerged
lands to a St. Petersburg developer for private boat slips, despite claims by
Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink that the deal was a ripoff.

The 3-1 vote allows the developer to triple the size of an existing, 30-slip
docking facility at Waterside at Coquina Key North.

Attorney General Bill McCollum and Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson
joined Crist in approving the project.

"This is the people's water, the people's property," Sink protested. "To me,
it's like a ripoff to the people of Florida."

Sink noted that the lessee must pay a lease fee of $8,600 plus 6 percent of the
annual income to the state. By Sink's calculations, the developer can make a
$6-million profit over the five-year term of the lease. "Private profiteering,"
she called it. "To me, it's not good economics."

The project was defended by Mike Sole, Crist's secretary of the Department of
Environmental Protection, who noted that after the five-year lease expires, the
governor and Cabinet have the option to renew it, cancel it or change the terms.

The lease fees and other terms are already part of state law, Sole said, and the
DEP plans to issue an intent to permit construction.

Ways to finagle

Sink wondered what would happen if the state did not renew the lease. Those who
bought the $65,000 slips would be left with nothing. She also said the 6 percent
could be manipulated by selling a package that priced the condo higher and the
slip lower.

"There's all sorts of ways you could finagle this," she said.

The developers said they expect to keep renewing the submerged land lease.

"The state has not not renewed any," said Alex Walker, a partner with
Prospect-Marathon Coquina LLC. "Banks finance them. It's common knowledge in
Florida that this is perpetually renewable."

Added value

Walker said Sink's calculation of his profit ignores the price the developer
paid initially for the Coquina Key Arms apartments that later became this
development. Though the submerged land lease is a separate transaction, he said,
the submerged lands have no value without the uplands where the condos sit.

The developer paid $110-million more than a year ago for the 1,000-unit
apartment, then invested another $45-million converting it to a 912-unit condo.
The condos sell for $170,000 to $650,000, Walker said.

Sole said the project's value is enhanced by the developer's willingness to
spend $300,000 for a new public boat ramp at Sutherland Bayou in Palm Harbor, to
be operated by Pinellas County. Because the project is in a county aquatic
preserve, the developer had to contribute to the boat ramp to demonstrate that
the project had some public interest.

Neighbors are split

Some environmentalists object.

"I see nothing wrong with a business making a profit," said neighbor Laurie
Macdonald. "But at the expense of the public interest? I don't like that."

Macdonald, who lives in Driftwood and works as Florida director of Defenders of
Wildlife, said she fears the project will harm the ecosystem of Big Bayou and
threaten animals that live there, despite assurances by the DEP and the
developer that they've done all they can to make the slips environmentally
benign. She also said the slips would add boat traffic to an otherwise tranquil
bay.

"We all have boat slips, why shouldn't they?" said another Driftwood resident,
Jopie Helsen, who operates Sailor's Wharf, a boat maintenance yard in Southeast
St. Petersburg. "Everybody who lives in Florida wants a boat slip."

The condo slips, for boats 26 feet or shorter, will address a growing need for
slips in Florida, Helsen said.

The project has no fueling station and no sewage pumpout. The slips will be
built away from sea grasses and tall enough to allow sunlight to shine through
to the bottom.

They accompany another 211 slips the developer rebuilt on the project's other
half at the southern end of the island.

Crist said he voted for the project because he believes it is good for the
taxpayers. "It's free enterprise," Crist said.

McCollum, while voting yes, also voiced concerns about whether the deal made
financial sense. "The 6 percent is probably not high enough for the state, in
this day and age," McCollum said. "We could be getting more, and I don't think
it would deter development."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

Sovereign Bank opens branch in Norwell;
Move aimed at filling coverage gap on the South Shore

BYLINE: JON CHESTO, The Patriot Ledger.

Reach Jon Chesto  at jchesto@ledger.com

SECTION: Business; pg. ONE22

LENGTH: 331 words


NORWELL

Scott Thimann says he has eyed a highly visible site off Route 53 near Queen
Anne's Corner for years, thinking it would make a great location for a bank
branch.

The Scituate resident's vision finally became a reality last month when his
employer, Sovereign Bank, opened a newly built branch at the site next to
longtime occupant Finagle A Bagel. Thimann, Sovereign's regional executive for
its South Shore branches, says the Newton-based bagel shop chain owns the
property, but tore down a larger shop on the site to make room for the
2,200-square-foot bank branch.

The branch's opening is being celebrated this week in a series of events aimed
at attracting the public's attention, including an ice cream social on Friday
and a "kids' safety day" on Saturday. The bank donated $5,000 on Wednesday to
the Norwell High School Boosters Foundation.

The branch is staffed by eight employees, including branch manager Judy Haglof.

Pennsylvania-based Sovereign significantly grew its presence on the South Shore
with the acquisition of the Abington Savings Bank and Compass Bank franchises in
2004. But Thimann said Norwell has represented a hole in the bank's South Shore
market that he wanted to fill.

"When you looked at our coverage map for servicing the South Shore prior to
this, there was this big gap in Norwell," Thimann said.

Thimann said the Finagle site is ideal because that section of Route 53 is
heavily trafficked and is near the Derby Street Shoppes retail center and
several office parks.

"It's got a great blend of neighborhoods and retail-oriented businesses (and)
it's got a lot of business parks that are just hidden from view," Thimann said.

The opening is part of Sovereign's broader effort to open 10 new branches in the
state by the end of next year, according to Patrick Sullivan, Sovereign's chief
executive for its northern New England region. The branch opening also follows
Sovereign's decision to close 11 under-performing branches in the state earlier
this year.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Patrick J. Sullivan, right, Sovereign Bank's chief executive for its
northern New England region, talks with Ron Zooleck, a former South Shore
Chamber of Commerce director and currently a consultant to the bank., AMELIA
KUNHARDT photos/The Patriot Ledger
Sovereign Bank opened its newest branch last month near Queen Anne's Corner in
Norwell. The branch's opening is being celebrated this week., AMELIA KUNHARDT
photos/The Patriot Ledger
sovereign ak 091207:NORWELL, Sept.l 12: (FOR BIZ SLUGGED "SOVEREIGN") Sovereign
Bank today held the grand opening of its newest community banking office in
Norwell. THIS PHOTO: Patrick J. Sullivan, Sovereign's Market CEO for the North
New England Region. photo: Amelia Kunhardt, AMELIA KUNHARDT photos/The Patriot
Ledger
Thimann, AMELIA KUNHARDT photos/The Patriot Ledger
sovereign ak 091207:NORWELL, Sept.l 12: (FOR BIZ SLUGGED "SOVEREIGN") Sovereign
Bank today held the grand opening of its newest community banking office in
Norwell. THIS PHOTO: Judith Haglof, Sovereign community banking manager. photo:
Amelia Kunhardt, AMELIA KUNHARDT photos/The Patriot Ledger

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Finagle A Bagel

                                 77 Rowe Street
                             Auburndale,  MA 02466
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (617) 213-8400
URL: www.finagleabagel.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Finagle a Bagel is committed to supporting charity and non-profit events and
organizations in communities all over Massachusetts. After all, we live here
too.  Our bagels have fueled volunteers during the building of playgrounds,
bikers raising funds for research and City Year students working in agencies all
over the Commonwealth.  We provide in-kind donations each month to dozens of day
care centers, after-school programs and other organizations committed to our
children. We are proud of our ability to partner with the people and
organizations who work to better the world in which we live.  While we receive
hundreds of requests each month, and we cannot support them all, we do our best
to help out by providing end-of-day bagel donations whenever possible.  If you
have an event for which you would like an end-of-day product donation, please
submit a letter of request on the organization's letterhead to:   Att: Marketing
Department Finagle a Bagel

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 20, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Wine Vine blossoms tomorrow;
New shop to open on Highland Street

BYLINE: Barbara M. Houle, FOOD EDITOR

SECTION: TIME OUT; TABLE HOPPIN'; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 746 words


This week's dish:

The Wine Vine, 142B Highland St., Worcester, officially opens at 10 a.m.
tomorrow. Grand opening festivities, which include free munchies, tastings and
door prizes, will be from 5 to 7 p.m. opening day and from noon to 2 p.m. and 5
to 7 p.m. Saturday.

The proud new owners are Sang Chhoeuk and his wife, Camille Bouchard-Chhoeuk.
The couple live in Worcester with their two young children.

The store will be open from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Thursday; 10 a.m.
to 8:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays. Telephone: (508) 797-9463.

Sang Chhoeuk, who is originally from Cambodia, came to the United States through
the sponsorship of Catholic Charities in Worcester. He graduated from Doherty
High School in Worcester, and Nichols College in Dudley. He was a manufacturing
accountant before he decided to change careers because of corporate downsizing.
Bouchard-Chhoeuk also graduated from Nichols, where she received a degree in
finance. She has a marketing and sales background.

Chhoeuk said he was raised in and around the Highland Street area. "We once
lived next door to this store," he said. "I'm happy to be back in the
neighborhood."

The Wine Vine offers more than 100 different wines. The owners personally
selected and tasted each one. Chhoeuk and his two brothers built all the wine
racks and shelves in the shop. A recommended food pairing accompanies each wine.

There's much more than wine here. You can find a good assortment of microbrews,
cheeses, breads, pasta, glassware, gift baskets and other wine-related gifts.

If you don't find the wine you are looking for, Chhoeuk will special order it.
Customers have dropped by to request certain wines, he said.

We know how that is. We all have favorites.

Here's a suggestion: Be open to try something new. Chhoeuk said he has some
great Spanish wines in stock.

Mass Liquors, 392 Chandler St., Worcester, and Peppercorns Grille and Bar, 455
Park Ave., Worcester, will present a winemaker's dinner with Richard
Hartenberger of Midnight Cellars Winery at 7 p.m. May 11 at the restaurant.

Cost is $65 per person, inclusive. Reservations to Mass Liquors, (508) 753-0250,
by May 5.

The menu: Canapes, including roasted vegetable pate sprinkled with black sesame
seeds and smoked salmon mousse topped with capers and dill; chilled sea scallops
on the half shell nestled on a marinated Napa cabbage salad; mixed greens tossed
with candied pecans, gorgonzola cheese and julienne Bosc pears; beef tenderloin
roulade; phyllo cup with a "decadent" chocolate cobbler.

Midnight Cellars Winery this year has won several impressive wine awards.

Enjoy!

Finagle a Bagel with headquarters in Newton recently introduced its "cocoa
bagel" to welcome in the 2006 Boston Red Sox season. Predictions are that the
sweet, chocolate-flavored bagel coated with crisps will be a hit with fans.
Guess which Red Sox team member the company thought of when it created this one.

Finagle a Bagle will contribute 10 percent of the profits from each cocoa bagel
sold this month to the Red Sox Foundation, which will direct contributions to
the Jimmy Fund.

The cocoa bagel is available at all 20 Finagle a Bagel locations in Boston.
Visit www.finagleabagel.com for addresses.

Home delivery is out of the question. So stock up.

Dr. Pepper fans begged for this one.

Cadbury Schweppes Americas Beverages, the maker of Dr. Pepper, is rolling out a
new flavor, Berries & Cream. Reportedly, the second flavor in the brand's Soda
Fountain Classics line was created to meet consumers' demand for nostalgic
flavors reminiscent of simpler times.

OK. Dr. Pepper Cherry Vanilla launched in 2004 was the company's most successful
production in more than a decade. But Dr. Pepper Berries & Cream?

What do we know. The company said based on consumer product test results, the
new flavor will have a "strong and devoted following."

Hundreds of consumers recently professed their love for the new product by
kissing a giant can of Dr. Pepper Berries & Cream at the Dr. Pepper Ballpark in
Texas. The first 10 participants walked away with a year's worth of the product.

Starting this month, nearly 3 million free samples will be distributed
throughout the country, as a convoy of Berries & Cream trucks begin a nationwide
tour that will continue through June.

We'll pass on the freebie.

If you have a tidbit for this column, call (508) 793-9145. Send e-mail to
bhoule@telegram.com.

DUTLINE: Sang Chhoeuk and Camille Bouchard-Chhoeuk will pop the cork on their
new wine store tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
ED COLLIER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 27, 2010 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Teacher grads on gold rush in Illinois Just one day as a substitute before
year's end could be worth a small fortune as pension cuts set to take effect.

BYLINE: BY NANCY CAMBRIA Nancy.Cambria@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8238

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1120 words

DATELINE: 0


On Sept. 7, Matt Carmody nervously stepped inside a third-grade classroom at
Henning Elementary in Troy, Ill., for his first day as a substitute teacher and
took attendance.

The moment may not have looked like anything to cheer about, but in the back of
his mind, Carmody was aware he had just won a golden ticket to the state's
teachers pension program.

The day's work was potentially worth hundreds of thousands of extra dollars in
his future.

That's because Carmody's $82 pay stub from that day listed a $7.71 deduction to
the Teachers' Retirement System of the State of Illinois. Carmody, 25, hasn't
had luck finding a permanent teaching job. But the tiny deduction made him a
pension member four months shy of new rules that will drastically curtail
retirement benefits for those who join after Jan. 1.

Just one day on the clock by the end of the year - even as a substitute -
forever qualifies certified teachers to participate in the more lucrative
pension.

And that has a crop of unemployed teaching graduates scrambling to turn a few
hours of substitute teaching into an investment that may not pay off for decades
to come.

The situation has other implications.

When and if Carmody eventually finds a teaching job in Illinois, he will likely
be working with colleagues hired after the new year with more experience - but
with retirement benefits reduced by about a third of what he can earn.

No one can predict how much Carmody's day of substitute teaching was worth if he
spends his career teaching in Illinois. But pension officials estimate he stood
to lose, at minimum, 32 percent of his potential retirement wealth. One
conservative estimate from state pension officials suggests that a typical
retiree would lose more than $504,000 in today's dollars under the pension cuts.

"These are Draconian cuts," said Michael Podgursky, an economist who studies
pensions at the University of Missouri. "For those that do work a whole career
teaching in Illinois, it's a huge difference in pension wealth. So it's worth
the effort to finagle the system in whatever way they can."

"Finagle" may not be the word used by the Illinois Federation of Teachers, but a
spokesman said that when lawmakers revised the pension in April, the union
immediately began alerting newly certified teachers about getting in a day of
substitute teaching before the new year if they don't want their potential
pensions to suffer.

"It's a huge hit," said Dave Comerford. "We had to let people know who are
eligible - especially with there right now not being any teaching jobs
available. There are a lot of them out there without jobs this fall, hoping they
can find a job next year."

A spokesman with Teachers' Retirement System of the State of Illinois was loathe
to call the situation a "loophole" or a "grandfather clause." Instead, David
Urbanek said lawmakers made no changes to existing membership requirements when
they revised the pension. So pension officials knew that aspiring teachers might
make a rush to join through substitute teaching.

The new pension rules, known as Tier II, increase the retirement age by five
years, to 67, and enact a far stricter final average salary cap to base payouts,
among other cuts.

The changes were made in response to Illinois' massive budget deficit and
warnings that its credit rating would drop. Urbanek said national advisers
pointed out that restructuring the pension - which this fiscal year will pay out
$4.1 billion to more than 98,000 retirees and beneficiaries - would help save
the rating.

Illinois budget officials estimate the changes will save the state $200 billion
over the next 35 years.

'BEAT THE CLOCK'

Carmody earned a degree in elementary education this spring at Southern Illinois
University Edwardsville. He and all of his fellow graduating students were
counseled repeatedly by school advisers about the pension changes.

"They made it perfectly clear that there were changes coming, and that if you
didn't get the opportunity to sub this calendar year, then you would be subject
to a completely different program to retire to," he said.

Gretchen Fricke, a certification specialist with SIUE's education school, said
the university has an obligation to counsel its students about their earnings
potential and future success.

In that light, she said, the school plans to fast-track its certification
process in December to give its upcoming fall semester graduates the last-minute
chance to get a lucrative subbing day before the new year.

It will likely resemble a game of "Beat the Clock." Fricke said that after Dec.
10 - the last day of classes - the school will issue a teacher certification
letter as soon as it confirms a student has completed a bachelor's degree and
all other state requirements.

Students will then have to rush to regional education offices to get subbing
certificates. Then they will have to apply to individual school districts for a
chance that a teacher will call in sick and they will be selected off the
subbing list. Most will have about a week's chance of getting their subbing
hours.

Administrators from at least two Illinois districts said the chances of that
happening are unlikely.

"We're not going to be open grounds for every student teacher who needs to get a
day of teaching in," said Susan Homes, an assistant superintendent in the
Collinsville School District.

Both Collinsville and Edwardsville already have a swelling pool of substitute
teachers to choose from. Although the districts mostly attribute the rise to the
recent recession, they suspect that some are signing up to ensure the better
pension if they eventually go onto a full-time career.

They include teachers from Missouri who want to join the pension before the
cuts, just in case they one day take a teaching job in Illinois, said Fricke.

That doesn't mean districts aren't selectively opening up spots for a few new
substitutes. Homes said a promising certified student-teacher or a worthy job
candidate may be moved to the top of the subbing list by year's end.

Podgursky, the economist who studies pensions, said the situation invites people
to game the system. He said it will take a big bite out of the state's
anticipated savings and called the entire pension system unworkable.

"There's no relationship between what the teachers contributed and what they
collect," he said. "It's not sustainable."

For his part, Carmody, of Granite City, didn't go into teaching to agonize over
pensions. Getting that necessary day of subbing for the pension just made sense
- even if he gets his first job teaching in Missouri.

Plus, he enjoys the work and continues to sub.

"I've always liked working with younger kids," he said. "You wake up, and it
doesn't feel like work when you have to go in."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 21, 1991, Thursday

Mayor: Finagles funds to build Marietta facility; Mayor finagles funds for
Marietta conference center; County still getting one of its own

BYLINE: By Cathy Cleland-Pero Staff writerbuildings; facilities; government;
cobb/county

SECTION: EXTRA; SECTION G; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 834 words


In the recent battle between a political David and Goliath over where to locate
Cobb County's $ 50 million convention center, the little guy came away a winner.

At least, that's one way of looking at the results of the power struggle that
pitted Marietta Mayor Joe Mack Wilson against the powerful Cobb-Marietta
Convention and Exhibit Hall Authority. The mayor, a member of the authority,
contended that other members were so set on locating the center in or near the
so-called Platinum Triangle that Marietta sites were not being given fair
consideration.

Time and again, the mayor tried to get the other members to heed his case for
Marietta, but to no apparent avail. He was unrelenting, however, and even
obtained a ruling from the state attorney general's office that some appointed
members of the authority had no constitutional right to be in those positions.

Last week, the board tentatively agreed to ante up $ 5 million to build a
business-meeting conference center in the mayor's city. Some political observers
now are claiming that was what Mayor Wilson wanted all along. The money to build
the Marietta center will be carved out of the estimated $ 55 million to be
raised from bond issues and the county's increased hotel/motel tax. House Bill
420, which raises Cobb's hotel/motel tax from 6 percent to 8 percent, is
expected to be voted on by the Legislature this week or next.

The tax raises about $ 600,000 per percentage point in unincorporated Cobb and $
200,000 per percentage point in the city of Marietta, financial figures show.

Board chairman John Williams of Post Properties Inc. said, "The mayor is trying
to look after the interests of the citizens of the city of Marietta. I think the
mayor is a very practical politician. He's going to trade hard, but he's going
to fight fair."

Mayor Wilson has agreed to support Mr. Williams's recommendation that the $ 50
million convention center be near the Platinum Triangle, which is anchored by
the Cumberland Mall and Galleria shopping centers near the intersection of I-75
and I-285.

The smaller conference center is to be built on the site of the old Marietta
Country Club on Powder Springs Street. Marietta purchased the 126-acre site last
year for $ 6.6 million, and is renovating the 18-hole golf course for public
use.

A decision about spending the proceeds of the 8 percent hotel/motel tax has not
been reached, Mr. Williams said. "At this point there's no compromise" on how to
divide up the tax money, Mr. Williams said. "It's an idea that the mayor and I
are going to take to the authority on Friday."

In addition to the $ 5 million for a conference center, the city may get a
chance to expand Marietta Power, Mayor Wilson said. "The city is to have an
opportunity for the first time to sell electricity in the site that is selected
- most likely the Platinum Triangle," he said. "We don't have any service in
that area now. This is possibly an entrance."

Site selection is "about a month away," Mr. Williams said, pending adoption of
the new hotel/motel tax.

Plans for the Cobb convention center include a 100,000-square-foot- exhibition
hall with seating for 12,000; a 2,000-seat performing arts center; a
17,000-square-foot ballroom with seating for 3,000; meeting rooms and office
space; and parking. Up to 750,000 people will be attracted to the county
convention center annually, according to a study by consultant Laventhol &
Horwath. Mr. Williams said the project would create 1,400 jobs in Cobb.

The county convention center and the city conference center would be marketed to
different audiences, and neither would compete with the existing Cobb Civic
Center, Mayor Wilson said.

An architectural rendering of a conference center is on display in the mayor's
office, but city officials say there are no definite plans on what it would
include.

"The only thing that determines the size of a conference center is how much
money you have to put in it," said Mayor Wilson. "Right now we have $ 5 million.
Do we need more? I don't know."

Assistant City Manager Tom Pellegrino said officials envision the city
conference center as a full-service facility, possibly including a small
auditorium, to accommodate business, government and organization meetings.

"All they would have to do is show up, because everything else would be taken
care of," Mr. Pellegrino said. "This includes media, computers and possible
televideo kinds of systems, where a group in New York can meet with a group in
Atlanta."

There is no construction timetable for the city conference center yet, Mr.
Pellegrino said. "I think we'll have a better feel for where we're going in the
next 30 to 60 days."

City officials already are talking with several hotel operators about building a
small hotel in front of the golf course.

"You put a nice hotel down there along with the conference center and the golf
course, and you've got a winner," Mayor Wilson said.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

SECTION: Business; pg. ONE13

LENGTH: 570 words


SENATORS ASSIGNED  TO KEY COMMITTEES  ON BUSINESS  ISSUES

Senate President Robert Travaglini assigned several state senators from the area
to be leaders of committees that deal with business-related issues in the new
legislative session.

Sen. Michael Morrissey, a Quincy Democrat, will remain the Senate chairman of
both the consumer protection and the telecommunications and energy committees.
Sen. Brian Joyce, a Milton Democrat, was reassigned to be co-chairman of the
tourism committee.

Sen. Therese Murray, a Plymouth Democrat, will remain head of the Senate Ways
and Means Committee, which is in charge of writing the Senate budget proposal
every year. Sen. Jack Hart, a South Boston Democrat, will stay in his post as
co-chairman of the economic development committee.

The financial services committee was the only committee that had a Senate
chairman leaving the Legislature. Sen. Stephen Buoniconti, a Demcorat from West
Springfield, will be the committee's new chairman, replacing former senator
Andrea Nuciforo.

POLL FINDS SUPPORT FOR SLOT MACHINES

Nearly 53 percent of Bay State residents support the addition of slot machines
at the state's two dog tracks and two horse tracks, according to poll data
released today by the Center for Policy Analysis at UMass-Dartmouth.

About 29 percent said they are opposed and 18 percent said they are undecided.
The poll results are based on a survey taken last fall of more than 1,000 state
residents.

The Center for Policy Analysis also released poll  results yesterday showing
that 57 percent of residents would support some form of casino gambling in the
state. Most men tend to favor allowing slots at racetracks, with 62 percent
saying they approved of slots at the tracks. Only 46 percent of women approved.

CLASS ACTION SUIT FILED AGAINST TJX

Two law firms  filed a lawsuit yesterday seeking class action status on behalf
of TJX Companies customers who had personal data stolen during the recent data
breach at the Framingham-based retailer. The suit claims TJX was negligent for
failing to maintain adequate security measures to protect credit and debit card
data from hackers. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a West Virginia woman in
U.S. District Court in Boston by the law firms of Berger & Montague and Stern
Shapiro Weissberg & Garin.

GAS PRICE AVERAGE  IN MASS. DIPS  TO $2.18 A GALLON

Gas prices in Massachusetts fell for the fourth straight week last week, with
the average statewide price for regular, self-serve gasoline falling four cents
a gallon to $2.18 a gallon yesterday, AAA Southern New England said. A year ago
at this time, the average price  was $2.36 a gallon.

FINAGLE A BAGEL   TO USE ONLY EGGS LAIN  BY CAGE-FREE HENS

NEWTON - Newton-based Finagle A Bagel became the nation's first bagel chain to
use eggs solely from hens  that are not kept in cages, according to the Humane
Society of the United States.

FEDERAL SUIT FILED AGAINST MPF CORP.

WALPOLE  - The U.S. Labor Department  has sued  MPF Corp. and its president in
federal court for allegedly failing to forward more than $260,000 in employer
contributions to the MPF Corp. retirement plan.  The suit claims  the company,
which installs underground utility systems, violated federal law by failing to
remit to the company's retirement plan contributions that were owed as fringe
benefits to employees from April 1998 through March 2002.

Patriot Ledger staff

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sen. Murray,

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             March 26, 2012 Monday

Anoma ventures from bakery items to 'Ran coconut Oil'

LENGTH: 916 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 26 -- The multi tasking ability and 'never die' attitude paves
the way for a long journey. Gathering experience through different ventures
would lead to the realization, what the best suited course is necessary to be
successful. became well versed in the manufacture of bakery items initially and
then shifted her venture to producing of virgin and yellow coconut oil under the
brand name of 'Ran Oil' at present. Having tried for several years on several
products, now her main operation revolves around the manufacture of coconut oil
where she sees a positive demand in the local market. Her initial venture, the
Finagle Lanka Bakery at Seeduwa, a family concern caters to the needs of people
in and around Kottawa and Maharagama. Her struggle to find the best avenue of
revenue generation, was well rewarded as her latest venture is poised to be a
money spinner where a steady demand is anticipated. Anoma has set a shining
example of what sheer determination, will power and self confidence can achieve,
as she today steers a venture to strengthen local product manufacturer base thus
helping the consumers to focus more on purchasing quality local products.

She was interviewed by Daily News Business.

Excerpts of the interview.

Q. How do you describe your line of business?

A. I was into several businesses including running a bakery, producing handloom
products and sewing. Initially I supplied cakes for my father-in-law's hotel in
Kottawa. This business grew rapidly and at times I was unable to meet the
demand. I purchased my first oven Baby Belling at that time which had the
facility of baking four cakes at a time. With the passing of time we started a
bakery at Seeduwa with an USA and local partner. Later we bought over the bakery
and it now operates under Finagle Lanka Bakery. This is a family concern.

After much research I ventured into producing virgin and yellow coconut oil
under the brand name 'Ran Oil'. This is relatively a new product in the local
market and I expect it to give me good returns. My husband has an 18 acre
coconut plantation in Kurunegala where input for oil is supplied. It also has
banana cultivation as a supplementary crop and now has converted in to cinnamon.

Q. How do you manage time to handle your personal life?

A. The unconditional support from my husband Mahinda has proved to be the
driving force as I change my business proposition from time to time. We have
three daughters Saranga, Surangi and Tharangi. The elder daughter is an IT
Analyst in Australia and the youngest is a Supply Chain Process Manager in USA.
Though the second daughter followed a course in hotel management she opted to be
a housewife. The different facets of business avenues grew with our children and
they were an important part of the process. Hence the time management was not
difficult.

Q. What motivated you to venture into business?

A. The Hiniduma Convent Finishing School laid a strong foundation in my life
where life skills were taught under a disciplined environment. All the students
were given a thorough training and the two years at the finishing school groomed
us to be multi skilled. This was a turning point in my life and gave the courage
to start something of my own.

Q. What are your goals?

A. I work towards making 'Ran Oil' well accepted in the local market. The
business will further expand considering the demand for the product. We will be
supplying Ran Oil to the leading supermarkets and the retailers as well. While
promoting my product, I will be providing a quality coconut oil manufactured
locally.

Q. How do you face the challenges of competition?

A. The challenges of competition are the spurs for any venture. This results in
better products or services for the consumers while forcing the producers or
providers to become innovative and reasonable. The end result would be the up
grading in standards and the fairness in prices. Hence, competition is not a
challenge but an opportunity to strive for the best.

Q. What is your specialty?

A. I have displayed the characteristics such as determination, endurance and
commitment and where it could lead one's life. I had ups and downs in my journey
of over three decades. I changed paths and faced the adversity with strong will
power to taste success. This is not an easy task. However, the results are
encouraging and I was able to turnaround the outcome to reach the desired level.

Q. What are your achievements in business?

A. I ventured into different businesses and this gave me the opportunity to
identify where the true potential lay. The success of the series of businesses
was largely depended on the workforce. Without the worker we would have not been
able to achieve so much. I enjoy what I am doing and the satisfaction I receive
cannot be measured.

Q. What is your message to society?

A. If you have a will, there is a way and anything is possible. However, nothing
can be achieved without making a sacrifice. Failures are the pillars of success
and one should keep on trying. Never be afraid to try out things and to identify
the true potential. It is not a waste and the experience will take you a long
way. Do not be discouraged by social pressures and never judge a book by its
cover, as the contribution by all the people is useful in the country's
development drive. Be kind to others. There is no substitute for kindness. It is
a virtue that is cherished by every one.

jayasuriya.sanjeevi@gmail.com Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily News Sri Lanka.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              December 01, 2000, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Election reform would likely face political finagling

SECTION: NATIONAL; LETTERS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1854 words



Despite the national anguish about the "failure" of Florida's electoral process,
two significant points can be made: 1) While it is true that the state of
Florida's inexcusable delinquencies have delayed the selection of our next
president of the United States, 2) it is also true that such determination will
eventually be made in the full glare of a media with the world's most
sophisticated information-dispensing system.

Given the validity of our second point, there are many who are questioning why,
in the light of our national leadership in so many technologies of mind-boggling
complexity, we nevertheless seem incapable of effectively managing the
relatively simple process of vote-counting. Why is this particular activity
lagging so far behind the curve, and why aren't our national elections tallied
electronically, using readily available computer models that can provide
accurate totals in nanoseconds?

As to our Electoral College, with its "winner take all" construct, isn't it time
this was revised to conform to the principle of proportional representation?

Such questions, when not entirely frivolous, would seem to display a vast
ignorance of what politics is all about. Briefly defined, politics is an
"activity of politicians," who traditionally, are a devious and shifty lot,
pursuing their nefarious agendas far from the scrutiny of their nominal
constituents - their real constituents being those lobbyists and their sponsors
who provide munificent campaign "contributions" and handsome remuneration for
"speaking engagements" and "conference expenses."

In such circumstance, the astute politician clandestinely revels in whatever "
finagle factors" best enable his tweaking of the system to ensure his own
continuance at the trough. It was ever thus, and it will continue. Whatever
revised election process is finally approved, rest assured, it will contain a
finagle factor.

Ben Tutoli, St. Petersburg

New voting technology needed

I think the Florida Legislature should adopt an up-to-date voting technology and
eliminate manual recounts from all future elections. I have yet to see a machine
that was partisan.

One positive in all this mess is that Florida has the chance to lead the nation
in providing a more efficient voting process to the electorate.

Avery M. Bailey, Brooksville

Fix the system for next time

     However flawed it may be, we have a system to elect the president of the
United States. That system was challenged when political activists came to
Florida to hold rallies and send recorded phone messages to stir up Democrats on
the night of the election. When Al Gore saw that he was losing Florida's 25
electoral votes, he became concerned that the "will of the people" was not being
heard. He repeatedly says that his greatest concern is that "every vote count"
and that the "will of the people" be carried out. In actuality, he is showing
concern only for the voters in a few heavily Democratic counties in one state
out of 50. It is obvious that his real concern is winning the election.

    There are 49 other states and thousands of counties that undoubtedly had
voting irregularities and ballots thrown out, not only in this election, but in
previous ones as well. If all these counties had recounts, it could well be that
George W. Bush or Al Gore would have received enough electoral votes so that
Florida would not be a battleground.

Admittedly, changes need to be made to the means and methods of the election
process. However, that cannot be done during an election without appearing
partisan. I appeal to Al Gore and his supporters to concede the election and
then do everything they can to see that the "system" is overhauled so that this
doesn't happen in the future.

Tracy R. Korb, St. Petersburg

An outrageous use of taxes

Re: Taxes pay for pro-GOP lawyers, Nov. 28.

I am outraged and horrified to think that my taxes are going to pay for lawyers
hired by Republicans to address the current election issues facing our state and
country.

I am a Democrat, and it is hard enough to endure the "Bush-whacking" the voters
of this state have been faced with. Why should the Republican Legislature have
the right to use taxpayers' money in a legal issue in a way that does not
represent all of the taxpayers of this state but only the Republican side?

Frankly, not only does this reek of abuse of power, but it is also so obviously
partisan that it should be illegal. How dare this Legislature think that my
taxes should be used in this way?

It is an extremely outrageous act, and I demand that it be rescinded.

Michael Zaycer, Palm Harbor

Keeping us in the dark

Re: Taxes pay for pro-GOP lawyers, Nov. 28.

I could hardly believe my eyes when I read this article. Florida tax money will
be used in the amount of $ 350 an hour plus "other cost incurred in providing
the service." (This, one can only assume, involves a nice expense account.)  The
state Legislature is doing this to give Florida representation in the U.S.
Supreme Court.

The article also says that when asked if the Democrats would have the same
access to the newly hired lawyers as the Republicans, the answer was: "There
will be certain tactical and strategic discussions that won't be available to
the public at all."

It is now time to remove the slogan from the license plates stating we are the
Sunshine State. Obviously our tax money will be used to keep us in the dark.

Arthur P. De Genaro, Largo

The majority rules

Re: Taxes pay for pro-GOP lawyers, by Julie Hauserman, Nov. 28.

In this article, Hauserman insinuates that the Florida Legislature is wrong to
hire any lawyers because they're Republicans. May I remind her, the majority of
our Legislature is Republican, and they were elected into office to represent
the citizens of Florida.

The Florida Supreme Court has stripped our legislators of any power to represent
the people, and she suggests it's unfair for them to seek legal counsel to
represent them in the U.S. Supreme Court. Who does she suggest they hire?
Pro-Democrat lawyers? Would she rather Florida's 25 electoral votes not be
included in the final tally for president? The bipartisan approach is certainly
not her forte.

Bill Shaw Jr., Inverness

A questionable outrage

Re: Firebrand politics, editorial, Nov. 28.

The editorial talked about the reaction of the public if the Florida Legislature
awards the state's electors to George W. Bush in the event there is a Gore
lawsuit deadlock that endangers Florida's 25 electoral votes.

You wrote, "Outrage is a mild term for the inevitable public reaction, and House
Minority Leader Lois Frankel was, if anything, understating the case when she
said it would "place a dark partisan stain on our Legislature.' "

I would like for you to consider two questions: If you now agree with Frankel,
then why did your editorial board not consider the Florida Supreme Court's
overriding of the vote certification deadline as placing a dark partisan stain
on that Democratic court?

If there was no public outrage when President Clinton embarrassed us around the
world, why do you now expect this reaction from the public if the Legislature
moves to ensure that Florida's voters' choice is represented by electors?

This Supreme Court should have reaffirmed Florida law and recognized that the
law set vote certification time limits to preclude just such mischief as we are
now witnessing. Had they done so we would not have the lawsuits, the "recount
until we get the answer we want" mind-set of the Democrats. And we would have
saved the Democrats from once again embarrassing us on the world stage.

William Beasley, Largo

Voters are the losers

 The abomination is nearly complete. They trampled our rights, along with the
vice president's, when they blocked and delayed the manual ballot counting. They
ran roughshod over your rights when they said overseas votes matter more than
those here at home. They spit on your rights when they sent rioters into
Miami-Dade County to intimidate the canvassing board.

Not satisfied, they now want to commit an unspeakable act upon your rights. They
will deny the vice president of his right to contest through legal delays, and
the Legislature will usurp your vote and pick the electors.

I don't know who really won this election, but I know who lost: the voters of
Florida.

Rickard Webster, St. Petersburg

Seek other choices

 So they laughed when I voted for the physicist, John Hagelin, a straight
thinker and straight shooter. They said it was a wasted vote! Perhaps next time,
after the lawyers and media have indulged in their feeding frenzy, voters will
think. There are other choices, if we care to look beyond and question the
political pile of "fuzzy" promises and doublespeak of corporate-backed and
lobby-backed candidates and stop settling for what we believe is the lesser of
two evils.

Since the media and corporations do control things, will we - can we - ever get
what the country needs? Neither the media nor the Bar associations want this
settled. Only when we stop being suckered in by hyper-theoretical brainwashing,
circus-type TV plugs, political ad mailbox stuffers and billboard brain bombs
will elections be deemed fair and reflect the will of the people. Only when we
are encouraged to reason and think will voting be unbiased. And only when
candidates are judged by merit, not money, can it be a contest that seeks the
best.

Now lawyers are jumping onto the pile and getting richer while citizens pay with
disenchantment. Throughout history, has there ever been another way short of
dictatorship? Where? When? Socrates, an honest thinker and educator, paid with
his life. The price today is disqualification based on honesty and lack of money
before entering the race. Corporate and political brainwashing, guised as
freedom, is the price we pay - dictatorship of the sort we never suspected. But
maybe it's what we deserve for our complacency. We earned it!

"Go placidly amid the noise and haste and remember what peace there maybe in
silence . . ." - Desiderata. Then think and examine before flailing those
placards, shouting those slogans and casting that vote.

Doris Norrito, Largo

Share your opinions

We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed to
Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. They also can be
sent by fax to (727) 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.

  For e-mail users: Letters can be sent by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com. E-mail
messages must be text only and cannot include attachments. If you're using a
word processing program to write the message, you must use its "Save as"
function to save it as a text file, then import it into your e-mail program.
Please include your return e-mail address, as well as your name, mailing address
and phone number, in the text of the message.


LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, DON ADDIS; THE CAVALRY TO THE RESCUE: A man
rides an elephant labeled Florida Legislature and Special Seesion over ballots.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                              May 20, 2002, Monday

REVLON'S UGLY SECRET

BYLINE: Christopher Byron

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 031

LENGTH: 1422 words


I don't want to be an alarmist, folks, but frankly, there's no time to waste. If
he doesn't do something fast, Ronald Perelman is going to be toast.

It's true. The Finagle King is running out of money - or at least let me say
that the crown jewel in his collection of tarnished baubles, Revlon, Inc., is
running out of money. And when you consider that except for whatever billions
he's managed to leverage out of his other businesses before they've nearly all
collapsed, well, Revlon is now pretty much all he's got left.

At latest look, about his only investment that seems to have held its value is a
32 percent stake in a California S&L known as Golden State Bancorp, which he's
now in the process of selling off to raise cash.

So let's just hope he's got those liquefied billions in corporate equity
squirreled away somewhere because none of us wants to wake up one morning and
read that the ultimate Sun King of Wall Street finaglers is now down to his last
yacht. How disturbing would that be!

We'll get to the particulars of the crisis in a minute. It's all there in black
and white, in Revlon's latest quarterly financial statement, filed May 15 with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. But this is the bottom line: By the time
everyone's back from the Hamptons, and the business juices of autumn begin to
pump once again, Revlon's checks could be starting to bounce.

Y

ET before getting into any of that, let's first pay homage - in a living obit
sort of way - to one of Wall Street's Olympic Class practitioners of the Three
Card Monte hustle: See these three companies? I'm going to move aeem around now,
and when I stop, see if you can tell me which one has the assets.

The Ronster has been performing this stunt on Wall Street for more than 20 years
now - which is frankly 20 lifetimes in Finagle Years - and in all that time,
almost no one got the trick. Instead, the shills kept wandering by, and placing
their bets on one company or the other, never quite realizing that the assets
were all in the Ronster's wallet.

Finaglus The Great began his career as a Wall Street asset-stripper in the early
days of Mike Milken's junk bond machine. And though he talked for a time about
having transformed himself into a "corporate builder," he's remained
fundamentally a financial finagler from day one.

Almost every business His Finagleness has ever touched has tanked: Coleman
Industries, Meredian Sports, Consolidated Cigar, Marvel Entertainment, Sunbeam
Products - the list just runs on and on.

Even companies he's acquired and folded into other companies come unglued once
he gets his hands on them. He's got a troubled candy company that is part of an
outfit he controls called M & F World Wide Inc.

Into that company he's now trying to dump a camera company he bought in 1997 and
thereafter loaded up with debt and run to ruin's door. So, in a typical Ronster
finagle, he's trying to get M & F to buy him out at more than four times the
camera company's actual market value, which a Delaware court now says it won't
let him get away with.

His biggest horror story of all is Revlon, which looks like a Rubik's Cube of
debt. There's $1.6 billion of junk debt sitting on Revlon's own balance sheet,
with close to $100 million more on the balance sheet of a holding company above
it, and $363 million more in junk debt stashed off to one side in something
called Revlon Products Corp.

That's $2 billion of debt that exists for the singular purpose of enabling King
Finagle to own and ruin the business created more than 70 years ago by Charles
Revson.

And ruin is hardly too strong a word. Under the Ronster's steady leadership,
revenues now stand 12 percent below where they stood more than a decade ago at
the start of the 1990s.

Meanwhile, the company has racked up more than $1.5 billion in cumulative
losses, with every dime of it directly attributable to the interest charges on
the debt load taken on so that the Ronster could run the place and get invited
to the Oscars and wind up meeting Ellen Barkin.

Meanwhile, the balance sheet has been utterly destroyed, with shareholder equity
long gone by the time K.F. (that would be King Finagle) sold a stub end of the
company's stock to the public in a 1995 IPO, a sure sign of F.F. (financial
finagling) to come.

S

INCE then the deficit has nearly doubled, and now stands at more than $1.33
billion, with nearly $800 million of cold hard cash having disappeared in the
form of actual cash flow losses from operations.

This is pretty much where things had finally sunk to by the end of 1998 when His
Majesty, having watched Revlon crater from $50-plus per share to barely $10,
declared, See here!, and began a "restructuring program" that basically boiled
down to dumping nearly 40 percent of the company's workforce, or about 5,000
employees, over the next two years.

But nothing happened, and after a brief and weak rally back to the $30 range,
the stock fell apart all over again. For the last two and one half years it has
been selling for not much more than $5 or so per share, perking up only on
rumors than K.F. might be planning to sell the business and go away.

Which pretty much brings us up to the present moment, with the company payroll
now down to barely 6,000 employees, or less than half where things stood when
the bloodletting began.

T

HERE is no major company - except maybe AOL Time Warner-I can think of that has
gone through such a dramatic implosion in recent years, with nothing to show for
it but the prospect of more trauma to come.

And don't forget, Revlon wasn't some silly dot-com business that got caught in
the tech wreck. No, this was a huge consumer products company with one of the
best known brand names on earth - eviscerated amidst the greatest bull market in
American history.

Now it is on its third CEO in the last four years. Meanwhile, its losses
continue to mount in the face of dwindling revenues and a shrinking payroll,
even as its stock continues to sell for barely $5 per share. End of story? Not
quite, for on May 15 Revlon filed its latest quarterly financial statement with
the SEC, covering the three-month period ended March 31, and the contents make
for some scary reading indeed.

During the first quarter of the year, the value dropped for just about every
asset the company has - in some cases dramatically. Receivables fell, marketable
securities evaporated, property and equipment shrank, and actual balance sheet
cash plunged by more than a third, to a mere $67.5 million.

T

HE bottom line is pretty simple. According to the filing, Revlon burned through
close to $42 million in cash just to run its operations day-to-day in the first
quarter, and even if you don't count the $4 million that went for severance
charges, that still works out to a burn rate of more than $12.5 million per
month.

That means that as of this writing, the company is down to less than $50 million
of cash in the till, or just about four months' worth left - which is to say, by
the end of September the company should be pretty much running on empty.

I suppose K.F. will find some cash somewhere. Last November he put together a
$250 million credit facility, of which $103.5 million was left as of Dec. 31.
Some $6 million of that seems to have disappeared by March 31, suggesting that
$97 million or so is now all that's left - unless it too had been F.F.'d
(financially finagled) in the meantime.

Come back after Labor Day and we'll both find out.

It ain't pretty

Ron Perelman has managed to run Revlon, one of the world's best brand names,
down to the ground - during a bull market, no less. The foundation is crumbling:

* Revlon is on its third CEO in four years. Its revenues are 12 percent below
where they stood at the start of the 1990s, and its stock is in the toilet.

* The company's latest filing shows it burned through close to $42 million in
cash in the first quarter. It's down to its last $50 million.

* Ron Perelman, a.k.a. the finagle king, may come up with more money somehow.
But be wary.

* In the last decade, the cosmetics giant has racked up more than $1.5 billion
in losses, and is now struggling with a massive debt of nearly $2 billion.

* Nearly 5,000 employees, or 40 percent of staffers, were axed in a severe
bloodletting that began in 1998. The company was traumatized, not at all helped.


LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RON PERELMAN, Finagle King.  Marion Curtis/StarPix-Gamma

JULIANNE MOORE, Revlon spokesperson.

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                     RECIPIENT: Interfaith Social Services
                              DONOR: Finagle Bagel


                        LAST UPDATED: November 19, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2013

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Interfaith Social Services
TAXCODE:  04-2104853
URL:  http://www.interfaithsocialservices.org
LOCATION:  Quincy, MA, 02169
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Finagle Bagel
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2014


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


          RECIPIENT: Friends of Cambridge Rindge and Latin High School

                             DONOR: Finagle A Bagel


                           LAST UPDATED: May 19, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Friends of Cambridge Rindge and Latin High School
TAXCODE:  20-5993874
URL:  http://www.focrls.org
LOCATION:  Cambridge, MA, 02139
CATEGORY:  Education

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Finagle A Bagel
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                  RECIPIENT: Boston Medical Center Corporation
                             DONOR: Finagle A Bagel


                         LAST UPDATED: August 18, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 2,500 - 4,999

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Boston Medical Center Corporation
TAXCODE:  04-3314093
URL:  http://www.bmc.org
LOCATION:  Boston, MA, 02118
CATEGORY:  Health Care

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Finagle A Bagel
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                      RECIPIENT: Greater Boston Food Bank
                             DONOR: Finagle A Bagel


                          LAST UPDATED: June 15, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  In-Kind
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Greater Boston Food Bank
TAXCODE:  04-2717782
URL:  http://www.gbfb.org
LOCATION:  Boston, MA, 02118
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Finagle A Bagel
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2015


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


             RECIPIENT: The MGH Institute of Health Professions Inc
                             DONOR: Finagle-a-Bagel


                        LAST UPDATED: September 21, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2009

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD 300 - 999

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  The MGH Institute of Health Professions Inc
TAXCODE:  04-2868893
URL:  http://www.mghihp.edu
LOCATION:  Charlestown, MA, 02129
CATEGORY:  Education

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Finagle-a-Bagel
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                      RECIPIENT: Greater Boston Food Bank
                             DONOR: Finagle A Bagel


                          LAST UPDATED: March 3, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2012

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  In-Kind
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Greater Boston Food Bank
TAXCODE:  04-2717782
URL:  http://www.gbfb.org
LOCATION:  Boston, MA, 02118
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Finagle A Bagel
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           February 9, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A Reader Awaits His Turn

BYLINE: HAROLD VALENTINE, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: CARROLLWOOD; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 572 words


County official Mike Williams says he is looking into the situation.

By HAROLD VALENTINE

The Tampa Tribune

CARROLLWOOD - Carrollwood News & Tribune reader Bruce Emerson wants to know why
there is no dedicated right-turn lane on southbound Himes Avenue at Hillsborough
Avenue.

That portion of the road has an entrance to a Wendy's restaurant at the
northwest corner of the intersection, after which space is available for drivers
to finagle their way into a right turn during red lights, though it is not
technically a turn lane.

Mike Williams, Hillsborough County's manager of design and engineering support,
said he is looking into why there is not a designated turn lane there. He added
a road project was completed at the intersection in 2004.

Emerson also asked whether plans are being considered to widen Himes Avenue
between Hillsborough and Waters avenues. Williams said he would look into those
questions and respond to the News & Tribune.

Another reader, Meredith Giglia, e-mailed with a roadway concern. Giglia wrote
that during her commute out of downtown Tampa, northbound on North Jefferson
Street, she has to contend with a formidable hole at the railroad tracks where
the road meets East Polk Street.

"Even at a very slow speed, less than 5 mph, the left lane is quite a hole to
drive through," Giglia wrote.

She said she "can't seem to get anyone from the county or CSX to respond." CSX
spokeswoman Meg Sacks said officials from CSX have checked out the complaint.
"We have a record of concern about this crossing," she said.

Other projects affecting traffic include:

*In Lutz, at the Boulevard of the Roses and Lutz-Lake Fern Road intersection
road reconstruction is continuing, as is the installation of a mast arm for
traffic signals, scheduled for completion on June 22.

*In Lake Magdalene, Bearss Avenue between Florida Avenue and Winding Creek Drive
is under construction fora traffic separator until Feb. 29.

*In Carrollwood, at the Valencia Road and Nakora Drive intersection, the
replacement of failing stormwater pipes is continuing. The project is scheduled
to finish Feb. 15.

*Verizon's telephone poles and wires are being replaced on Hutchinson Road
between Carey and Pennington roads until March 30.

*In Citrus Park, road improvements are continuing on Gunn Highway between Hixon
Road and Keystone Crossing Boulevard until Aug. 29.

*In Town 'N Country on Waters Avenue, a bus stop, including a shelter and
sidewalk improvements, is expected to be complete by Friday.

Also on Waters, a turn-lanes project for Woodland Center Boulevard between Sun
State Street and Manhattan Avenue may slow traffic between rush hours until June
6.

*On Woodland Center Boulevard, driveway and sidewalk work will go on between
rush hours until June 6.

(CHART) TRAFFIC CONCERNS?

Are there local traffic or road issues that concern you? Construction projects
you wonder about, or hazards other drivers should know about? If so, contact
reporter Harold Valentine at (813) 865-1526 or hvalentine @tampatrib.com.

Reporter Harold Valentine can be reached at (813) 865-1526 or
hvalentine@tampatrib.com

Photo credit: Tribune photo by HAROLD VALENTINE

Photo: Despite some room for drivers to finagle a turn during red lights, reader
Bruce Emerson asks why southbound Himes Avenue at Hillsborough Avenue does not
have a designated right-turn lane.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1305  words


TRACK GOOD(3)

1-YALUMBA MDN HCP 1000m:2.50 fav MATILLA BAY (b m 4y Umatilla (NZ) - Poetic
Waters. Trainer: P C Laycock) 56 (N Thomas) 1, 3.00 PINCENT 57.5 (C K Ormsby) 2,
3.80 LADY FLEMING 54 (E A Wilkinson) 3. Then followed: 2.90 Lady Gower 11.00
Gold Serpent 13.00 Lovely Witch 10.00 Kbengal last. Scr: Passivity, Didiyo, Miss
Hallee, Edition Tothepride, Monaski. Lg nk, 3/4 len. Time: 1:00.09. (Last 600m
35.14).

TAB Divs:5 Matilla Bay $4.30 $2.60 4 Pincent $1.80 11 Lady Fleming NTD. Q:
$4.70. E: $10.60. T: $49.80. FIRST 4: (5 4 11 7): $75.60. Scr: 1,2,8,9,12.

2-XXXX 3YO HCP 2000m:5.50 PARAMETERS (b g 3y Reset - Paradise Lost (IRE).
Trainer: L M Treloar) 56 (Daniel Griffin) 1, 3.80 CONAHAN 56.5 (E A Wilkinson)
2, 5.00 GLOW HEART 57.5 carr 56 (Timothy Bell) 3. Then followed: 2.30 fav Crafty
Lady 3.60 Driving Reign 11.00 Dark Secrets last. Scr: Saneyev. 3/4 len, 3 len.
Time: 2:04.14 (hand timed). (Last 600m 37.39).

TAB Divs:6 Parameters $4.70 $2.40 3 Conahan $2.70 2 Glow Heart NTD. Q: $14.70.
E: $23.10. T: $127.30. FIRST 4: (6 3 2 1): $252.60. Scr: 4.

3-GIVE ME 5 FOR KIDS MDN HCP 1400m:2.30 FIRST INSTINCT (b g 3y Secret Savings (
USA) - Chardou. Trainer: M D Moroney) 57.5 (C K Ormsby) 1, 6.50 DANAH ROSE 55
carr 53 (P Keane) 2, 2.00 fav TAIRA 57 (Daniel Griffin) 3. Then followed: 13.00
Jussa Womann 31.00 Danshan 15.00 Utah Jazz 5.50 O'Dehere Me 31.00 Saasy Jaasy
21.00 Big Rippa last. Scr: Transporter, Rains, Frere Dan, Maisonblanc, Spring
Queen, Ma Royal Hiney, Bittermagic, La Belle Aurore, Le Tour De France. 2-1/4
len, sht hd. Time: 1:27.33. (Last 600m 35.92).

TAB Divs:1 First Instinct $3.00 $1.40 12 Danah Rose $1.80 4 Taira $1.10. Q:
$10.10. E: $20.90. T: $37.30. A2: 1-12 $4.30, 1-4 $3.10, 4-12 $4.60. FIRST 4: (1
12 4 7): $159.00. Scr: 2,3,6,8,11,13,15,16,18.

4-MAQUS HCP (C1) 1600m:7.00 ONETIMEATBANDCAMP (b g 4y Fastnet Rock - Miss
American Pie. Trainer: John Thompson) 54 carr 52.5 (Timothy Bell) 1, 3.50
TARANTARA 55 (P Hammersley) 2, 3.50 BEAUTIFUL BUNS 54 (M Hellyer) 3. Then
followed: 7.00 Rusty Trawler 3.30 fav Biodiversity 4.40 Fragar 41.00 Barnesy
12.00 Rascal 31.00 Smirnoff Lass last. Scr: Sir Grahame, All The Girls Gold.
Scratched at barrier: In Top Spin (9.00). Prices shown are not affected by the
late scratching - new market formed. 10-1/2 len, 2 len. Time: 1:35.88 (class
record). (Last 600m 36.43).

TAB Divs:10 Onetimeatbandcamp $5.90 $2.00 6 Tarantara $2.00 9 Beautiful Buns
$1.70. Q: $15.10. E: $39.20. T: $196.10. A2: 6-10 $7.30, 9-10 $7.70, 6-9 $4.30.
FIRST 4: (10 6 9 2): $1,378.20. Scr: 3,7,8L.

5-THE SURF CLUB MOOLOOLABA (C5) 1600m:1.45 fav HUSSONATOR (ch m 4y Hussonet (
USA) - Broeene. Trainer: D J Hansen) 54 (P Hammersley) 1, 3.20 TERASET 54 (J
Holder) 2, 10.00 ANCHOR BOLT 55 (S Apthorpe) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Macsquire
31.00 Peterswood 15.00 Interlocking last. Scr: Hangover Henry, Xanthos,
Damnation, Rock Rules. 6-1/4 len, nk. Time: 1:36.77. (Last 600m 35.26).

TAB Divs:5 Hussonator $1.40 $1.20 8 Teraset $2.00 3 Anchor Bolt NTD. Q: $1.90.
E: $2.50. T: $6.30. FIRST 4: (5 8 3 6): $13.20. Scr: 1,4,7,10.

6-COCA COLA HCP (C3) 1400m:4.40 FRETON (b g 4y Markane - Florinal (NZ). Trainer:
T D Hall) 57.5 (A Pattillo) 1, 6.50 ESSENCE'NRESTRAINT 54 (Daniel Griffin) 2,
3.00 fav TRADING SECRETS 54.5 (Matthew Palmer) 3. Then followed: 7.00 Speckled
Shining 6.00 Forbidden Fruit 3.80 Melanotis 5.50 Madame De Lago 101.00 Zi Music
26.00 Kalinga Flash last. Scr: Azzurra Bay, Regal Ruben, Sequiz, Sarabah Rose,
Get Uppity. 2 len, sht 1/2 hd. Time: 1:26.19. (Last 600m 35.63).

TAB Divs:1 Freton $8.70 $2.20 8 Essence'nrestraint $2.20 5 Trading Secrets
$1.80. Q: $25.50. E: $79.70. T: $308.70. A2: 1-8 $11.60, 1-5 $7.50, 5-8 $5.20.
FIRST 4: (1 8 5 11): $2,307.80. Scr: 2,4,7,9,12.

7-NORTH COAST INSPECTIONS HCP-C1 1100m:3.50 ICE APPLE (b g 3y Iglesia - Sorb
Apple (IRE). Trainer: Jason McLachlan) 56 (N Thomas) 1, 2.00 fav FINAGLE 56 (E A
Wilkinson) 2, 6.00 TRADIES HOPE 56 (Matthew Palmer) 3. Then followed: 2.20 Lady
Of Spain 21.00 Mr Malfi last. Scr: Kosmic Karma, Elusive Shadow, Phoeb's Flyer,
Hirviente, Rio Rex. 1/2 len, 3/4 len. Time: 1:06.42. (Last 600m 35.55).

TAB Divs:6 Ice Apple $5.60 $2.40 7 Finagle $1.30 9 Tradies Hope NTD. Q: $7.60.
E: $12.60. T: $63.00. Qd: (10 5 1 6): $1,030.50. FIRST 4: (6 7 9 5): $93.80.
Scr: 1,2,3,4,8.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 6 Parameters 1 First Instinct $27.70. OCF: 1 Crafty Lady 4 Taira.
DOUBLE: 1 Freton 6 Ice Apple $67.20. TREBLE: 5 Hussonator 1 Freton 6 Ice Apple
$125.90. OCF: 5 Hussonator 3 Melanotis 7 Finagle.

Race 1: 4 Limbo Dancer $37.40 $7.80 16 Winchester Arms $3.50 10 Singafunsong
$4.70. Q: $74.20. E: $129.10. T: $6,053.10. A2: 4-16 $42.10, 4-10 $53.20, 10-16
$23.80. Scr: 8,9,11,12,15,18.

Race 2: 10 Invincible Lady $2.90 $1.50 4 Enapay $1.90 12 Maniere $4.00. Q:
$8.70. E: $14.10. T: $126.20. A2: 4-10 $3.50, 10-12 $7.50, 4-12 $13.50. Scr:
5,16.

Race 3: 6 Sandpebble $21.90 $5.40 10 Angelou $2.70 13 Mancarfio $14.70. Q:
$93.10. E: $272.70. T: $8,545.90. A2: 6-10 $30.70, 6-13 $62.60, 10-13 $90.00.
Scr: 3,8.

Race 4: 2 Bank Heist $7.30 $2.50 18 Tillabert $3.90 10 Eager Miss $1.90. Q:
$65.60. E: $116.20. T: $584.50. A2: 2-18 $19.70, 2-10 $9.50, 10-18 $14.70. Scr:
1,4,5,14.

Race 5: 4 Bioko $32.20 $9.90 6 Speeler $1.90 16 Scenic Song $5.50. Q: $87.60. E:
$183.00. T: $7,929.20. A2: 4-6 $38.40, 4-16 $106.50, 6-16 $30.60. Scr:
7,9L,12,17,18.

Race 6: 3 Swift Bay $12.00 $3.10 6 Strike The Tiger $1.40 13 Thebarwonprince
$6.70. Q: $16.30. E: $38.40. T: $579.80. A2: 3-6 $5.00, 3-13 $34.60, 6-13
$15.90. FIRST 4: (3 6 13 5): $2,037.40. Scr: 8,10,14.

Race 7: 6 Can Do $10.90 $3.10 5 Summarise $3.00 8 De Mars $3.70. Q: $50.90. E:
$142.00. T: $1,071.50. A2: 5-6 $15.20, 6-8 $22.90, 5-8 $24.00. FIRST 4: (6 5 8
13): $9,912.40. Scr: 15,16,17,18,19.

Race 8: 11 Fabriano $8.40 $2.60 3 Desert Control $1.40 8 The Night's Hot $1.70.
Q: $12.60. E: $31.60. T: $101.80. A2: 3-11 $5.70, 8-11 $9.80, 3-8 $3.00. FIRST
4: (11 3 8 13): $886.20. Scr: 5L,9,10.

Race 9: 5 Offshore Echo $11.40 $2.40 1 Into The Sun $2.90 6 Perricoota Run
$1.80. Q: $59.30. E: $122.50. T: $348.20. A2: 1-5 $12.80, 5-6 $6.30, 1-6 $8.20.
Qd: (3 6 11 5): $10,263.10. FIRST 4: (5 1 6 4): $4,727.40. Scr:
7,11,12,13,14,17.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 2 Bank Heist 4 Bioko $193.40.

OCF: 16 Lord Of The Lodge 1 Beijing Bolt.

DOUBLE: 11 Fabriano 5 Offshore Echo $85.00.

TREBLE: 6 Can Do 11 Fabriano 5 Offshore Echo $731.80.

OCF: 1 Its Prince 3 Desert Control 2 Resolvere.

Race 1: 4 Ality $2.70 $1.80 8 Prince Christian $2.80 7 Itoldyouso NTD. Q: $9.20.
E: $14.70. T: $74.30. Scr: 1,2,6.

Race 2: 1 Big Ben Chimes $45.70 $10.60 2 Idovoodoo $1.80 12 Redzinga $1.70. Q:
$119.20. E: $197.80. T: $1,265.00. A2: 1-2 $19.00, 1-12 $30.90, 2-12 $4.90. Scr:
6,9,13,14.

Race 3: 3 Tettris $2.90 $1.40 9 Amazing Albert $5.00 6 Looks Like Hayil $6.60.
Q: $48.30. E: $66.10. T: $1,048.00. A2: 3-9 $11.20, 3-6 $15.00, 6-9 $72.60. Scr:
7,8,13,14.

Race 4: 4 Goldcoyne $4.20 $1.50 1 Bindifield $2.60 3 Sassy Guru $1.50. Q:
$14.60. E: $37.90. T: $103.20. A2: 1-4 $6.90, 3-4 $4.60, 1-3 $7.20. FIRST 4: (4
1 3 8): $1,111.80. All Started.

Race 5: 1 Clan Mcclymont $3.60 $2.30 5 Rollem $2.00 7 Rage And Rave NTD. Q:
$5.90. E: $10.10. T: $65.20. FIRST 4: (1 5 7 2): $428.00. Scr: 4,6,8.

Race 6: 5 Toucan Ukelele $9.80 $2.50 8 Sharing The Magic $6.90 3 Streets Apart
$2.30. Q: $172.10. E: $329.40. T: $2,113.70. A2: 5-8 $113.10, 3-5 $21.30, 3-8
$92.10. FIRST 4: (5 8 3 1): Not won pool jackpots. Scr: 11,12,13,14.

Race 7: 8 Mattaki $5.40 $2.10 4 Shotibbar $5.10 12 Falvslancer $4.60. Q: $79.70.
E: $49.70. T: $1,119.80. A2: 4-8 $17.50, 8-12 $22.60, 4-12 $34.50. Qd: (4 1 5
8): $449.10. FIRST 4: (8 4 12 10): $2,649.40. Scr: 2,3,9,14.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 1 Big Ben Chimes 3 Tettris $212.50.

OCF: 2 Idovoodoo 3 Tettris.

DOUBLE: 5 Toucan Ukelele 8 Mattaki $41.40.

TREBLE: 1 Clan McClymont 5 Toucan Ukelele 8 Mattaki $92.20.

OCF: 5 Rollem 4 Silva Canadian 10 Nicko Star.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                              June 7, 2010 Monday

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 902  words

SUNSHINE COAST

TRACK GOOD (3)

1-PERRY'S HIRE MDN HCP 1200m: 4.60 FINAGLE (b f 3y Niello - Intrigues. Trainer:
Jason McLachlan) 54.5 (E A Wilkinson) 1, 8.00 METAPHYSICAL 54.5 (K Wharton) 2,
41.00 NOT A LADY 54 carr 53.5 (T Huxham) 3. Then followed: 7.00 Keep In Time
21.00 Frankie Me Boy 1.70 fav Alshain 7.00 Gold Reef City 6.00 Ease On By 7.00
Valley Saint last. All started. Nk, 1/2 len. Time: 1:14.14. (Last 600m 36.67).

2-BRISBANE BLOODSTOCK MDN HCP 1000m: 7.00 COURALLIE STAR (b f 2y Pure Theatre -
St. Mary. Trainer: B J Smith) 54.5 (R Mc Mahon) 1, 4.20 MAZUMAH 57 (Matthew
Palmer) 2, 3.60 MOSSRIVER 55 (A Merritt) 3. Then followed: 21.00 Care Bear 9.00
Navillus Superman 41.00 Omnia Munda Mundis 5.50 Seriously Ready 51.00 Dragon
Rocker 17.00 Jewel Of Zaha 3.00 fav Done All Done 21.00 Agnatic 21.00 Java Bay
15.00 Craiglea Danger last. Scr: Encinitas, Al Faher, Pituisi. 3/4 len, 1-1/4
len. Time: 1:00.58. (Last 600m 36.18).

3-SIGNWAVE SUNSHINE COAST MDN 1600m: 9.00 BAG THE PROFIT (ch g 4y Frisco View (
USA) - Flight Touch. Trainer: T B Thomas) 54 carr 51 (Ms C Priest) 1, 5.00
TINKLER'S LANE 56.5 (J L Taylor) 2, 7.00 PRINCE OCTANE 56 (Ms M Radecker) 3.
Then followed: 15.00 Flaming Silk 12.00 Astounding 21.00 Justonetwomany 4.80
Stormy Summer 3.20 fav Don't Do It 31.00 Star Eclipse 5.50 Stickman 16.00 Modern
Zoe 26.00 Moon Piggy 31.00 Heritage Shadow 51.00 Black Markane last. All
started. 1-1/4 len, lg hd. Time: 1:39.87. (Last 600m 37.92).

4-SHADE & SECURITY HCP 1600m: 5.50 SUNSHINE ANGEL (gr f 3y Manner Hill - So
Super Quick. Trainer: B J Smith) 54 (R Mc Mahon) 1, 3.60 fav FRETON 59 (D J
Browne) 2, 31.00 CRAIGLEA ROCKET 54 (K Wharton) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Lunar
Rose 7.00 Isabelle Lass 11.00 Al Mazaya 4.20 Dusty's Felt 13.00 Zymurgy 7.00
Last Love 5.00 Andy Said last. All started. 1-1/2 len, 2 len. Time: 1:38.35.
(Last 600m 37.64).

5-LOVE & PARTNERS ACCOUNTANTS-C1 1000m: 3.50 eq fav GO CAM (b c 3y Mull Of
Kintyre (USA) - Special Geiger. Trainer: A P Williamson) 55.5 (D J Browne) 1,
12.00 AL CHICAGO 54 carr 51 (Ms C Priest) 2, 12.00 KINGO 54 (J L Taylor) 3. Then
followed: 5.00 Outback Girl 51.00 Lady Rich 11.00 Splendid Hayil 7.00
Enemyatthegate 5.50 Rowland Princess 3.50 eq fav Tornadoes 26.00 Upupaway 15.00
El Aqua 11.00 Lissoy's Lass last. All started. 3/4 len, 2-1/4 len. Time:
0:59.78. (Last 600m 36.08).

6-JD DODDS PROPERTY VALUERS (C1) 1400m: 1.90 fav EGGYPOP (b c 3y Anabaa (USA) -
Eggs. Trainer: A J Vasil) 57.5 (G Colless) 1, 8.00 STURT COUNTY 56 (D J Browne)
2, 13.00 CAULDRON 54 (E A Wilkinson) 3. Then followed: 21.00 Ninth Duke 10.00
Costigan 15.00 Skeeter 51.00 Palands 5.50 Zeroad In 4.80 Bidthemobgooday 12.00
Billum 13.00 Fly To Rio 21.00 Flickering Storm last. Scr: Laramie. Sht hd, nse.
Time: 1:26.53. (Last 600m 37.27).

7-CURRAN GROUP HCP 1300m: 2.00 fav ADNOCON (b g 4y Clang - Gwenn. Trainer: G A
Ryan) 56 (G Colless) 1, 2.80 EIRE OF MAGIC 57 (B N Stewart) 2, 6.00 ZAHAS PRIDE
56.5 (C Munce) 3. Then followed: 13.00 Release Me 15.00 Deacon 13.00 Positron
5.50 Masai Pride 21.00 Dawn's Pride 15.00 Frisco's In Charge last. Scr:
Beartracker, Tightrope. 3-1/4 len, 1/2 hd. Time: 1:18.70. (Last 600m 36.56).

8-OMEGA AUTO BODY REPAIRS (C3) 1600m: 3.30 CHARTER BOAT (b g 4y Admiralty (USA)
- Intrepid Illusion (NZ). Trainer: Ms T Green) 57 (G Colless) 1, 6.00 BANANA
KICK 55.5 (R Mc Mahon) 2, 2.80 fav DIAGO 57 (D J Browne) 3. Then followed: 26.00
Mr Solitary 9.00 Sconandtink 15.00 Banana Split 13.00 Comahni 26.00 Damashqui
51.00 Rock Slide 9.00 Forbes 26.00 Slepner 101.00 Diameter 61.00 Fearless Hero
61.00 Sigurd last. Scr: Zevada. Lg nk, 2-1/4 len. Time: 1:38.90. (Last 600m
37.39).

QLD TAB DIVS FOR $1.00

Race 1: 5 Finagle $5.20 $1.60 6 Metaphysical $3.00 9 Not A Lady $16.80. Q:
$24.40. E: $40.50. T: $1,534.60. A2: 5-6 $7.40, 5-9 $38.20, 6-9 $50.00. FIRST 4:
(5 6 9 3): Not won pool jackpots. All Started.

Race 2:12 Courallie Star $18.50 $4.80 3 Mazumah $2.30 8 Mossriver $1.60. Q:
$61.60. E: $124.60. T: $481.70. A2: 3-12 $19.40, 8-12 $16.00, 3-8 $3.60. FIRST
4: (12 3 8 4): $3,850.80. Scr: 2,11,15.

Race 3: 10 Bag The Profit $15.60 $4.30 4 Tinkler's Lane $1.90 6 Prince Octane
$2.80. Q: $47.00. E: $93.50. T: $417.80. A2: 4-10 $8.30, 6-10 $13.90, 4-6 $5.90.
FIRST 4: (10 4 6 7): $2,934.20. All Started.

Race 4: 5 Sunshine Angel $6.30 $2.20 1 Freton $1.50 10 Craiglea Rocket $5.70. Q:
$14.80. E: $31.40. T: $954.00. A2: 1-5 $6.70, 5-10 $46.50, 1-10 $21.50. FIRST 4:
(5 1 10 7): $5,490.00. All Started.

Race 5: 3 Go Cam $3.50 $1.60 9 Al Chicago $5.20 10 Kingo $5.70. Q: $36.50. E:
$125.40. T: $1,184.90. A2: 3-9 $14.20, 3-10 $19.80, 9-10 $55.10. FIRST 4: (3 9
10 7): $1,401.40. All Started.

Race6: 2 Eggypop $2.40 $1.50 8 Sturt County $2.90 12 Cauldron $4.10. Q: $10.30.
E: $20.40. T: $172.00. A2: 2-8 $4.30, 2-12 $14.50, 8-12 $19.30. FIRST 4: (2 8 12
11): $1,835.20. Scr: 9.

Race 7:4 Adnocon $2.30 $1.30 2 Eire Of Magic $1.60 3 Zahas Pride $1.80. Q:
$4.40. E: $5.10. T: $26.40. A2: 2-4 $2.20, 3-4 $3.70, 2-3 $4.60. FIRST 4: (4 2 3
11): $161.20. Scr: 5,10.

Race 8:8 Charter Boat $3.30 $1.60 12 Banana Kick $2.20 9 Diago $1.60. Q: $11.40.
E: $19.00. T: $53.40. A2: 8-12 $5.80, 8-9 $1.60, 9-12 $6.10. Qd: (3 2 4 8):
$79.60. FIRST 4: (8 12 9 4): $739.20. Scr: 11.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 10 Bag The Profit 5 Sunshine Angel $139.70.

OCF: 1 Don't Do It 3 Dusty's Felt.

DOUBLE: 4 Adnocon 8 Charter Boat $10.00.

TREBLE: 2 Eggypop 4 Adnocon 8 Charter Boat $21.80.

OCF: 2 Eggypop 4 Adnocon 9 Diago

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 27, 1995, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CARDINALS GIVE PERRY A PUSH TOWARD THE DOOR

BYLINE: Rick Hummel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: DENVER


Gerald Perry could see the bad handwriting that a .165 average produced. "This
was probably expected," Perry said Saturday.

After nearly five seasons as a Cardinal, Perry, 34, was designated for
assignment to make room for catcher Tom Pagnozzi, who was activated from the
disabled list to play Saturday night against the Colorado Rockies. Perry will be
a free agent if the Cardinals find no home for him in 10 days.

"We've been trying to (trade) him," general manager Walt Jocketty said. "But
we've been unable to find any interest. We'll continue to try to get him a job
with a contending club."

Perry broke the Cardinals' pinch-hit record at 61 earlier this season.

"I didn't do much to improve on that," he said.

He has 70 pinch-hits as a Cardinal. The lefthanded-hitting veteran had 11 hits
in 50 pinch-hitting at-bats this season (.220). "He was disappointed in
himself," Jocketty said.

In the clubhouse, Perry was considered among the team's leaders, although the
frustration had begun to get to him this year. "He needed to be out of here,"
Pagnozzi said. "It's unfortunate. He did a good job here."

Jocketty said, "This was a tough decision. He's a class individual and he's had
a good career with the Cardinals."

When rosters are expanded after Sept. 1, Perry may have a better chance of
landing a job. "I don't think I'm done playing," he said.

"I definitely don't want to go out like this. Sometimes, you don't have a
choice. But I hate for it to end like this . . . if I do have a choice."

Perry, an 11-year veteran who previously played with Atlanta and Kansas City,
was signed to a three-year contract as a free agent before the 1991 season. He
subsequently signed two one-year contracts.

Last year, he batted .325 in 77 at-bats. The year before, he hit .337 in 98
at-bats.

Before he left for his home in Atlanta, Perry stopped by the hotel room of his
longtime friend, Ozzie Smith.

"It was touching," Smith said. "The tough part about this game is (knowing) your
number is going to come up . . . and you have to say good-bye to somebody.

"He's a consummate professional. What he does (pinch-hit) is not easy. As a
regular player, we have three or four chances (a game) to do something positive.
He only has one, most times, and if you don't do it, that's what you're judged
by.

"This is the first time in five years that Gerald has not had an exceptional
year, but unfortunately it comes at a time when the club is not doing well. I
know at times you make deals from a financial standpoint (Perry had a $ 295,000
base salary) and you finagle here and finagle there. You can do that as much as
you like, but that's still no replacement for experience.

"Why did they have to do this now, with rosters only four days away from
expanding?"

To the suggestion that Perry might be better-suited to a better team,
considering his job description, Smith laughed and said, "We all probably belong
on a better team. But that's not the same case. This is the one you're on."

"So we signed another third baseman, huh?" said the Cardinals' Scott Cooper,
referring to the acquisition of Jose Oliva from the Atlanta Braves on Friday.
David Bell, originally a third baseman, was obtained from Cleveland last month
although he has been playing at second base.

Cooper, hitting .226, said, "I have no control over it, so I'm not going to lose
any sleep over it. But there are 28 teams and there will be 30 in two more
years."

Oliva will join the Cardinals in Cincinnati on Monday, at which time Brian
Barber probably will be optioned to Class AA Arkansas. Barber is to pitch
Sunday's game here against Colorado. Generally, when players are optioned, they
must spend 10 days with their minor-league clubs. But Arkansas' season will end
Thursday, so Barber likely will be brought back - he probably won't ever go to
Little Rock - and pitch against Colorado again next weekend in St. Louis.

A boy was critically injured Friday night when struck by a foul ball hit by
Colorado's Eric Young near the Cardinals' dugout in the eighth inning. Smith
said, "There's a risk with people sitting right down by the field. The ball
coming off the bat of a major-league player is not coming off at 10 mph.

"Everybody's saying now, 'You've got to think about the fan.' But you've got to
think about fan safety, too."

Only two of the Cardinals' last six starting pitchers had worked longer than
five innings. Yet the Cardinals had won five of those games thanks largely to
the work of their bullpen, which allowed just two earned runs in 20 innings.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 27, 1995, Sunday, FIVE STAR Edition

CARDINALS GIVE PERRY A PUSH TOWARD THE DOOR

BYLINE: Rick Hummel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 770 words

DATELINE: DENVER


Gerald Perry could see the bad handwriting that a .165 average produced. "This
was probably expected," Perry said Saturday.

After nearly five seasons as a Cardinal, Perry, 34, was designated for
assignment to make room for catcher Tom Pagnozzi, who was activated from the
disabled list to play Saturday night against the Colorado Rockies. Perry will be
a free agent if the Cardinals find no home for him in 10 days.

"We've been trying to (trade) him," general manager Walt Jocketty said. "But
we've been unable to find any interest. We'll continue to try to get him a job
with a contending club."

Perry broke the Cardinals' pinch-hit record at 61 earlier this season.

"I didn't do much to improve on that," he said.

He has 70 pinch-hits as a Cardinal. The lefthanded-hitting veteran had 11 hits
in 50 pinch-hitting at-bats this season (.220). "He was disappointed in
himself," Jocketty said.

In the clubhouse, Perry was considered among the team's leaders, although the
frustration had begun to get to him this year. "He needed to be out of here,"
Pagnozzi said. "It's unfortunate. He did a good job here."

Jocketty said, "This was a tough decision. He's a class individual and he's had
a good career with the Cardinals."

When rosters are expanded after Sept. 1, Perry may have a better chance of
landing a job. "I don't think I'm done playing," he said.

"I definitely don't want to go out like this. Sometimes, you don't have a
choice. But I hate for it to end like this . . . if I do have a choice."

Perry, an 11-year veteran who previously played with Atlanta and Kansas City,
was signed to a three-year contract as a free agent before the 1991 season. He
subsequently signed two one-year contracts.

Last year, he batted .325 in 77 at-bats. The year before, he hit .337 in 98
at-bats.

Before he left for his home in Atlanta, Perry stopped by the hotel room of his
longtime friend, Ozzie Smith.

"It was touching," Smith said. "The tough part about this game is (knowing) your
number is going to come up . . . and you have to say good-bye to somebody.

"He's a consummate professional. What he does (pinch-hit) is not easy. As a
regular player, we have three or four chances (a game) to do something positive.
He only has one, most times, and if you don't do it, that's what you're judged
by.

"This is the first time in five years that Gerald has not had an exceptional
year, but unfortunately it comes at a time when the club is not doing well. I
know at times you make deals from a financial standpoint (Perry had a $ 295,000
base salary) and you finagle here and finagle there. You can do that as much as
you like, but that's still no replacement for experience.

"Why did they have to do this now, with rosters only four days away from
expanding?"

To the suggestion that Perry might be better-suited to a better team,
considering his job description, Smith laughed and said, "We all probably belong
on a better team. But that's not the same case. This is the one you're on."

"So we signed another third baseman, huh?" said the Cardinals' Scott Cooper,
referring to the acquisition of Jose Oliva from the Atlanta Braves on Friday.
David Bell, originally a third baseman, was obtained from Cleveland last month
although he has been playing at second base.

Cooper, hitting .225 before Saturday, said, "I have no control over it, so I'm
not going to lose any sleep over it. But there are 28 teams and there will be 30
in two more years."

Oliva will join the Cardinals in Cincinnati on Monday, at which time Brian
Barber probably will be optioned to Class AA Arkansas. Barber is to pitch
Sunday's game here against Colorado. Generally, when players are optioned, they
must spend 10 days with their minor-league clubs. But Arkansas' season will end
Thursday, so Barber likely will be brought back - he probably won't ever go to
Little Rock - and pitch against Colorado again next weekend in St. Louis.

A boy was critically injured Friday night when struck by a foul ball hit by
Colorado's Eric Young near the Cardinals' dugout in the eighth inning. Smith
said, "There's a risk with people sitting right down by the field. The ball
coming off the bat of a major-league player is not coming off at 10 mph.

"Everybody's saying now, 'You've got to think about the fan.' But you've got to
think about fan safety, too."

Before Saturday, only one of the Cardinals' last five starting pitchers, Allen
Watson, had worked longer than five innings. Yet the Cardinals had won four of
those games through the work of their bullpen, which allowed just one earned run
in 18 innings.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            November 3, 2003, Monday

RON'S LIPSTICK LOSER ; IT SEEMS REVLON IS RUNNING OUT OF MONEY YET AGAIN

BYLINE: Christopher Byron

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 035

LENGTH: 1286 words


It seems possible that price cutting and discounts are propping up the market
share of the Revlon brand.

ONE thing you can say about Ronald ("Finagle King") Perelman: He's a
never-say-die kind of guy. But frankly, folks, it doesn't look as if he can hang
on much longer - at least with respect to the last surviving big-time public
company in his empire, Revlon Inc.

Last week brought the King's latest press release in a more than
half-decade-long string of them regarding Revlon, and for the second time in
scarcely a year it looks as if this wretched and debt-crippled business is
almost out of money.

In short, unless the Ronster (or somebody else) pumps in a fresh load of cash
quick, the tattered House of Revlon could face default on its next interest
payment, to say nothing of being unable to pay its employees, utilities bills
and whatnot in the meantime.

Can we spell "reorg," people?

For seven long years, Perelman has been cranking out the Revlon baloney, from
the stock's high of $55 per share all the way down to its Friday closing price
of $2.63. Along the way he has burned through two CEOs and is now working on the
third. He's also fired two-thirds of the company's 16,000 employees, lost more
than $1.5 billion of investor money, and missed out on the biggest stock market
boom of his or anybody's lifetime.

And as of Friday he was still in there pitching, apparently right to the end.
(Hey, they don't call him the King for nothing.)

But it's time to face facts: The old razzle-dazzle is gone. Sure, last week's
press release touched all the familiar bases - the encouraging words about the
"comprehensive growth plan" remaining on track, and the gaining of market share
and all that sort of thing.

But the enthusiasm that attended the Ronster's great B.S. efforts of times past
-when the exact same words were served up with relish and gusto - is no longer
part of the shtick. In its place one senses a feeling of ennui and even
exhaustion, as if the King at last accepts that he's lost his stuff - that the
legendary Finaglus spitballs just aren't breaking the way they once did, that
the batters have all got his number.

PERELMAN'S 1985 acquisition of Revlon was the first great hostile takeover fight
of the junk bond era, and it elevated him from the status of a small-time
Philadelphia finagler to that of Finaglus the First - the greatest Wall Street
double-talker of them all.

To buy the Revlon shares and make the company his own, Perelman promised to pay
Revlon's existing shareholders $1.8 billion, but he somehow convinced his
backers that he actually needed more, and wound up raising roughly $2.7 billion,
most of which came from junk bonds issued by Drexel Burnham & Co. (Oh, he was
good.)

To begin paying the debt down, he started selling off whatever he could at
Revlon that wasn't bolted to the company's core cosmetics business, and in the
middle of all this he somehow managed to convince business writers everywhere
that he wasn't an asset stripper. Good? He was better than good.

And everyone seemed to love how the Revlon cachet gave him this new and
endearing midlife makeover - how he seemed to morph, almost overnight, from Ron
Perelman, Wall Street hustler, into Ron Perelman, the Lipstick King, squiring
limo-loads of gorgeous women to the Oscars while posing for his portrait in the
CEO Hall of Fame.

But the very deal that brought the King his fame is now proving to be his
undoing. In February 1996 he sold a roughly 17 percent stake in Revlon to the
public for $207 million in an IPO, which was OK as far as it went. But he
thereafter used the 83 percent of the stock that he still owned to begin
floating loans to bankers who thought their money was being backed by Revlon's
assets - when in reality the loans were collateralized by nothing but the price
of Revlon's stock. And though it was their own damned fault for lending money to
him in the first place, they felt had when he started finagling to get out of
paying it back.

Meanwhile, anyone who invested in the IPO itself and stuck around long enough
wound up getting his clock cleaned as well. That's because the offering came
burdened with $1.6 billion in balance-sheet debt - loans taken on for what
amounted to the privilege of having the Finagle King as the boss.

The interest on that debt has alone turned Revlon into a financial black hole,
causing the company to pile up roughly $1.5 billion in cumulative net losses
since the IPO, and promising more of the same, endlessly into the future, unless
the debt holders can somehow be convinced to exchange what they've got for stock
in a reorganized new Revlon.

EVEN without the debt, the Revlon business looks troubled. In the three months
ended Sept. 30, the company registered a 2 percent decline in net revenues from
the equivalent year earlier period. Main reason: weakening sales in the
company's core markets in North America. In fact, sales actually declined by a
full 5 percent during the period, with the slide being partially offset by a
currency exchange benefit resulting from the weakening value of the dollar
against key foreign currencies.

The company's market share has basically been holding steady, but only the
Revlon brand itself is growing (and just barely), while the market shares of the
Almay and Ultima brands are sliding. In fact, with overall revenues dropping, it
seems entirely possible that the market share of the company's crown jewel
Revlon brand is being maintained by price cutting and discounts - a gimmick for
making the brand look healthy while the company is actually going broke.

On top of all this, operating costs rose during the period instead of falling
along with the decline in revenues - a damning comment on the ability of the
company's management to control costs. Bottom line: Revlon wound up reporting a
nearly $8 million quarterly loss - or $6 million in negative cash flow - even
without taking interest payments into account.

Throw in the interest payments that were made during the quarter, and the actual
loss for the period was nearly $55 million. Unfortunately, as of Sept. 30 the
balance-sheet cash position was down to $34.6 million, and it is probably even
lower than that now.

In any case, that is hardly enough money to run a company with 6,000 employees
still on the payroll, along with cash interest payments of more than $40 million
that are due every three months. In sum, with all but $22 million of existing
credit lines totaling $315 million having been drawn down, all existing cash and
credit will likely be gone by the end of the year.

So it's fourth down and 99 on the Ronster's own goal line, and the world wants
to know: Has the King of All Finagles got one more Hail Mary fake-out move left
in him? Can he send his ends deep for the long one and then pass the ball to his
bondholders instead? Will he bury Revlon or will he save it? Hush! Silence in
the stands. He's about to call the play.

*

Two weeks ago in this space, I quoted an unidentified official in the U.S.
Attorney's office for the Southern District of New York as saying that
prosecutors knew from the start that their case against CS First Boston
investment banker Frank Quattrone, which ended in a hung jury, was a "weak" one.
The source says that the actual word he used was "tough."

* Please send e-mail to: cbyron@nypost.com

One Mo' Makeover

Shares of Ron Perelman's prize business have collapsed from $55 to $2.63. now
his investors are left hoping that the Finagle King has still got game.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: RON PERELMAN Revlon boss.
Revlon spokesmodel Halle Berry joins actress Kristin Davis for the 2001 Revlon
Run/Walk for Women.  Marion Curtis/DMI

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 8, 2005 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

For Manhattan Theater Club, Up Year After a Down

BYLINE: By PHOEBE HOBAN

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1426 words


Lynne Meadow, the artistic director of the Manhattan Theater Club, isn't used to
being interrupted -- especially when she's taking center stage. But at the Tony
Awards on Sunday night, when the imposing Ms. Meadow stepped up to the
microphone after the Manhattan Theater Club's production of ''Doubt, a Parable''
won best play, the music swelled and drowned her out. The author John Patrick
Shanley and the producer Carole Shorenstein Hays had already accepted the award,
and time was up.

''It was disappointing,'' she said the next morning. ''I had wanted to say that
we were very proud of the triumph of 'Doubt,' but equally proud of the legacy
created for the John Shanleys of tomorrow. I probably just should have said,
'Thank you.'''

Still, it was a particularly sweet moment for Ms. Meadow, who has been artistic
director since 1972, when she was 24 and right out of Yale School of Drama. The
moment also marked a major comeback for the Manhattan Theater Club, which had 1o
Tony nominations for 3 different shows and won 4 (all for ''Doubt'').

The triumphant close to the 2004-5 season was in stark contrast to the previous
one, when the nonprofit company, with its newly renovated Broadway home, the
Biltmore, was plagued with problems. After spending more than $35 million to
restore the 75-year-old landmark theater on West 47th Street, the company
suffered a string of public and artistic disasters that sparked speculation over
whether Ms. Meadow was finally losing her touch.

First there was the falling out with Terrence McNally, who wrote ''Dedication''
to inaugurate the Biltmore at Ms. Meadow's request, only to have her reject it
as ''not ready.'' The disagreement seriously strained the playwright's more than
20-year relationship with the company. (Mr. McNally and Ms. Meadow both
diplomatically say that they are now on cordial terms and that all of this is
water under the bridge.)

The play that replaced ''Dedication,'' ''The Violet Hour,'' written by another
Manhattan Theater stalwart, Richard Greenberg, sustained several setbacks,
including the replacement of both its actresses. Although Mr. Greenberg's
writing was widely praised, the production received lukewarm reviews. Next,
Regina Taylor's ''Drowning Crow,'' was an unmitigated flop with both critics and
audiences.

Then there was the Page Six-worthy defection of an A-list star -- Mary Tyler
Moore -- who quit in a huff during previews of Neil Simon's ''Rose's Dilemma,''
directed by Ms. Meadow, after receiving a note from Mr. Simon suggesting she
learn her lines. That show too was a flop.

But this season has been a vast improvement, including the hit revival of Craig
Lucas's ''Reckless'' and Donald Margulies's popular ''Brooklyn Boy'' (even if
the current offering at the Biltmore, Elaine May's ''After the Night and the
Music,'' was described in The Times by Ben Brantley as ''terminally torpid'').
There is little question that Ms. Meadow has emphatically turned things around.
At a time when major cultural institutions -- from the Public Theater to P.S.
122 -- have recently undergone a changing of the guard, Ms. Meadow, after 33
years as Manhattan Theater's artistic director, remains clearly in the catbird
seat.

''The great thing about Lynne is, she's a powerhouse,'' said Mr. Greenberg. She
and Barry Grove, the company's executive producer, ''are really strong
producers,'' he said. ''Look at what they've sustained over 30-something years.
Anyone who manages that obviously does it with guile, cunning and strategy, and
her charm can be strategic, but that doesn't mean you don't fall for it.''

Ms. Meadow has nurtured several generations of new American playwrights. In
addition to helping put Mr. McNally and Mr. Shanley on the map, she has fostered
the careers of Mr. Greenberg, Donald Margulies and Beth Henley. Several more
playwrights have joined the stable in recent years: Charles Busch, David Auburn
and David Lindsay-Abaire.

''I think the thing about M.T.C. is how constantly we've stayed to a statement
of purpose that I wrote 33 years ago about creating and developing new work for
the theater,'' Ms. Meadow said.

Ms. Meadow is known for her velvet-gloved steel fist. As Mr. Greenberg points
out, ''You don't last 33 years unless you can finagle and dicker and snow.'' And
apparently Ms. Meadow can dicker and finagle and snow with the best of them.

Mr. Shanley started out as house manager at Manhattan Theater Club and had eight
plays produced there. ''She wants things to go a certain way and if it doesn't
go that way, she's going to reach out and try to make it go that way,'' he said.
''She's got a muscular presence, rubber-stamping is not her form of artistic
direction.''

Ms. Meadow is not unaware of her own compulsion for control: during a lunchtime
interview she moved tables until she was completely comfortable, then remarked,
''I think it's a metaphor, don't you?'' about her restaurant feng shui.

''It's her grocery store the way that Public Theater used to be Joe Papp's,''
said the director Doug Hughes (''Doubt'').

When ''The Allergist's Wife'' was moving to Broadway, she personally went to a
matinee at the Ethel Barrymore to check out the sightlines, wandering up and
down the aisle in her down coat, looking, said the playwright Charles Busch,
''like Mama Rose in the first act of '''Gypsy.'''

Mama might be the appropriate image: Christine Baranski once called her ''la
Mere of Midtown.''

Mr. Busch said that when his play ''Green Heart'' opened in 1997, ''the reviews
the next day were very mixed, and it didn't look like the show would have an
immediate future. ''But Lynne, on the spot, said she'd like M.T.C. to be my
artistic home, and she would produce my next play, whatever it was.''

Mr. Shanley and Mr. McNally said they had similar experiences. ''It's how we
feel with parents,'' Mr. McNally said, ''when you come home unexpectedly and you
still get fed.''

The Manhattan Theater Club expansion from City Center to Broadway poses a
significant new challenge. Will the financial pressures force the company to
make artistic compromises and produce the typical commercial fare of musicals,
star-studded crowd pleasers and revivals?

''Does being on Broadway make people less adventurous?'' asked Todd Haimes,
artistic director of Roundabout, another nonprofit with a Broadway theater.
''You try to do the work you think is going to be artistically the best. But
there is a food chain in not-for-profit institutions. New York Theater Workshop
is going to take edgier risks than us or M.T.C. because we have to appeal to a
much bigger audience and there is nothing you can do except decide not to
grow.''

If Mr. Margulies was thrilled to have ''Brooklyn Boy'' open on Broadway, he not
so thrilled when it was not extended. His play, '''Sight Unseen' was the first
play that worked at the Biltmore,'' Mr. Margulies said. ''It was an appropriate
choice to remount on a Broadway stage -- a play that M.T.C. had produced
half-a-generation ago. 'Brooklyn Boy' was a different gambit because it's a new
play. I don't think Lynne or Barry would disagree that they haven't quite
mastered the Biltmore. It's a Catch-22 because it's a Broadway theater that's a
subscription house and each production has a finite number of weeks. I would
think twice before opening a new play at the Biltmore again until we figure it
out.''

Ms. Meadow conceded that the company got off to a bumpy start on Broadway: ''I
feel like I'm so much in the process of trying to take this theater that for
three decades has been creating new work, and saying how do you do this on
Broadway, which is obviously a very different venue.''

Manhattan Theater Club is still shuffling its plans for the Biltmore's 2005-6
season. While revivals of Lanford Wilson's ''Talley's Folly,'' directed by Doug
Hughes, and ''Absurd Person Singular'' by Alan Ayckbourn, to be directed by Ms.
Meadow, have tentatively been announced, it is possible that two new plays
scheduled for City Center, David Lindsay-Abaire's ''Rabbit Hole'' and ''The
Beauty of the Father,'' by Nilo Cruz, may go into the Biltmore instead.

For better or worse, Manhattan Theater Club has evolved into a combination of
the nonprofit and commercial. ''Not-for-profits on Broadway are like the hybrid
car that runs on two different kinds of fuel,'' Mr. Shanley said, ''and as a
result is more efficient.''

Ms. Meadow readily acknowledged that it is all still a work in progress: ''I'm
proud of what we've done so far, but I'm looking forward to learning more and
better how to do it.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 9, 2005



CORRECTION: A picture caption in The Arts yesterday with an article about the
Manhattan Theater Club misspelled the given name of its artistic director. She
is Lynne Meadow, not Lynn.



GRAPHIC: Photo: Lynn Meadow, artistic director of the Manhattan Theater Club,
has words to say about the Tony for ''Doubt,'' but nobody can hear them. (Photo
by Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 19, 1999, Monday, Late Edition - Final

MEDIA;
M.I.T. and Harvard Give Boston a Niche

BYLINE: By JULIE FLAHERTY

SECTION: Section C; Page 10; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 819 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, July 18


To meet Boston's technology elite, first finagle an invitation to one of Robert
M. Metcalfe's parties. His salons, as Mr. Metcalfe -- co-inventor of the
computer technology named Ethernet -- calls them, are high-technology schmooze
sessions, with perhaps a string of investors chatting up a chief executive in
the hallway or two entrepreneurs courting a partnership at dinner.

But who invited the journalists? On a given night at Mr. Metcalfe's Back Bay
home, it is not surprising to find a representative from the publications of
International Data Group in one corner, an editor of Fast Company in another and
staff members from M.I.T.'s Technology Review mingling among the suits.

Boston is lousy with editors these days, now that the city has become something
of a center for publications about technology and business. There are the
old-timers like I.D.G., which started Computer World magazine here 35 years ago
and now produces over 300 publications, and Inc. magazine, which has called
Boston home for two decades and recently added another publication: Inc.
Technology. Sprinkled around the city are Fast Company, Technology Review,
Harvard Business Review, PC Week, Electronic Business, Software Magazine and Web
Guide.

Why Boston? Some point to the city's rich publishing history and the historical
importance of the loop of high-technology companies on Route 128, which rings
the city. But the real reason can be summed up in two names: Harvard and the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Explaining why I.D.G. began in Boston, its chief executive, Kelly Conlin, said,
"The founder went to M.I.T., and so that was where he was." Mr. Conlin himself
came to Boston via the Harvard Business School.

The two universities do supply a pool of talent, says Alan M. Webber, a founding
editor of the three-year-old Fast Company, a business magazine aimed at young
professionals.

"It's kind of the same phenomenon as 128 in its heyday, only applied to
information and writing," Mr. Webber said. "We've got a lot of smart people,
well-educated people, a lot of people who take business ideas very seriously."

Eastern Massachusetts does have its fill of biotechnology companies, software
start-ups and teaching hospitals, which lends some weight when publishers here
say they have a broader economic base to work with than Wired, Red Herring and
their other chip-focused counterparts out West.

Is it just superciliousness from a coast that lost the battle for computer
supremacy? The Boston magazines cover the goings-on out West as well, but being
away from the "froth" of personalities and issues in Silicon Valley has its
advantages, Mr. Webber said.

"It gives us a little bit of distance from the personalities, the issues, the
ideas, so we're able to write to an international business audience without
coming directly from Silicon Valley, as if we were only interested in the
goings-on in Silicon Valley," he said. "You get a little bit better line of
sight into the business and technology if you're not in the belly of the beast."

One magazine that is reveling in the local mix of academia and industry is
M.I.T.'s Technology Review. A 100-year-old magazine, it metamorphosed last year
when R. Bruce Journey, the new publisher, had the idea of replacing the editor,
laying off all but a few members of the old staff and changing the focus from
sometimes Luddite reviews to more upbeat coverage of innovation in technology,
science and business. After doing everything short of taking a wrecking ball to
the publication, Mr. Journey, a former Fortune executive, then boasted that he
could double the number of readers and triple the ad base.

Surprisingly, it worked. With the dust still settling from the demolition, the
renewed Technology Review is posting a number better than its own prediction:
circulation has jumped to 205,000 from 92,000.

"We don't fit everywhere," Mr. Journey said, trying to describe the niche the
magazine is creating. "We're not business, we're not I.T., we're not a policy
whip magazine."

The magazine is gambling in its attempt to mix science and the marketplace, two
sectors that traditionally keep each other at arm's length. But the economy is
good, the ad team aggressive, and the staff confident that Technology Review
will survive, even after the $2.5 million the M.I.T. alumni association pumped
into its renewal is used up.

In a city the size of Boston, there is bound to be some publishing incest. Both
Mr. Webber and William C. Taylor were editors at Harvard Business Review before
leaving to found Fast Company. Mr. Metcalfe is a pundit for I.D.G. as well as a
board member for Technology Review. With all the sharing of leadership, the big
question is whether there is enough readership to go around. Mr. Metcalfe is
optimistic.

"This is a time when technology is being both celebrated and analyzed," he said.
"What a great time."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The influence of Harvard and M.I.T. in the Boston area has
aided the success of both old and new business and technology magazines
published there. A founding editor of one magazine says there is an advantage to
being removed from the "froth" of Silicon Valley.

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  September 8, 1996 Sunday METRO FINAL EDITION

NLU JUST WHAT THE WACKER ORDERED

BYLINE: BYLINE: Bob Sansevere, Staff columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 744 words

DATELINE: Monroe, La.


Geezo Peezo, the Gophers looked good. There were times when, if it wasn't for
the color of the uniforms, you would've thought that was the Nebraska
Cornhuskers out there.

Really.

OK, not really, but the Gophers did run the ball with quite a lot of success,
which is a Nebraska trademark.

The Gophers ran for 190 yards. In the first half alone.

Tell you what. If the Gophers can finagle a way to get Northeast Louisiana on
their schedule four more times this season, Jim Wacker is a cinch to win those
five games he needs to return as coach.

By now, you've probably gotten wind of that memo that was attached to Wacker's
contract extension. It said if he didn't go 5-6 this season, he had to offer his
resignation. In other words, there's added pressure on him to have a losing
season.

Gee, you think Tom Osborne has a memo attached to his contract like that?

The standards are different at places like Nebraska and Minnesota. At Nebraska,
if the Cornhuskers aren't playing for the national title, Osborne gets heat. At
Minnesota, if Wacker wins five games he gets to spew the Geezo Peezos for at
least another season.

He'll pull it off, too, if he can just get Northeast Louisiana on the schedule a
few more times.

"I wouldn't mind playing them again," said Gophers quarterback Cory Sauter.

"We need to," Wacker said.

Hey, the Gophers have an open date Sept. 28. Northeast Louisiana is supposed to
play at Arkansas that evening, but maybe the Gophers can coax NLU into playing
in the morning at a neutral site somewhere in Little Rock. Just a thought.

Northeast Louisiana is in only its third year of playing Division I-A football,
which is just the kind of opponent the Gophers need. One that's raw around the
edges. One that hasn't quite gotten to the point of recruiting really talented
players.

Teams like Michigan, Ohio State and Wisconsin, they've been playing this game
far too long for the Gophers to do to them what they did to Northeast Louisiana.

Which is whup 'em.

The Gophers beat the politically incorrect Indians 30-3 Saturday night at Malone
Stadium, which is nothing like the Metrodome. For one thing, it's outdoors. For
another, it's a haven of political incorrectness.

The things the Indians do to play up their nickname would give chest pains to
many of Minnesota's liberal, politically correct-minded citizens. There's a
teepee in the north end zone, and the head basketball coach, dressed in a
feathered head dress, buckskins and warpaint, rode into the stadium before the
game on a horse named Indian. Also, there's a huge logo of an American Indian's
head, with warpaint and head dress, at the 50-yard line.

Whenever the Indians did something impressive, the school band played the fight
song that, coupled with the tomahawk chop, sparked many a hissy fit in Minnesota
when the Twins played the Atlanta Braves in the '91 World Series. Thanks to the
performance of the Gophers, the band didn't have many opportunities to play its
politically incorrect music.

Meantime, the Gophers did the correct thing by running the ball. Sauter wasn't
having a load of success throwing the ball, but the way the Gophers were running
it really didn't matter.

They've got a couple of redshirt freshman - Thomas Hamner and Byron Evans - who
looked as though they'll ease the pain of losing Chris Darkins. Hamner, who
started the game and had 21 carries, is quick and elusive and gained 154 yards.
Evans is a tough inside runner who had 12 carries and 82 yards. It helps them
both that they run behind a line that has three 300-pounders. The biggest and
best of the XXXXLs is right tackle Gann Brooks, who's built like a walk-in
freezer.

"The holes were very big," Hamner said. "So big."

"We were much bigger and more physical," said Sauter, who passed for one
touchdown and ran for another. "We were able to pound the ball."

Beside running the ball, the next-best thing the Gophers did was play defense.
New defensive coordinator Tim Rose had his players flying to the ball and
putting the clamps on NLU quarterback Raymond Philyaw, who passed for more than
2,600 yards last year. It was the first time since Wacker became coach the
Gophers didn't allow a touchdown.

It was a nice job by the defense. Of course, the opponent was Northeast
Louisiana.

If the Gophers could just get them on the schedule a few more times.

Bob Sansevere's column regularly appears Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays and
Thursdays.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Grads take their skills on the road: Pair use marketing skills to finagle free
rides across North America

BYLINE: Sandra McCulloch, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 360  words


Two Royal Roads University graduates are putting their commerce lessons into
practice as they attempt to hitchhike across every state in the U.S. in 50 days.

Matt Fidler and Scott MacDonald, 24 and 23 respectively and both from Port
Moody, were heading for Raleigh, N.C. when contacted yesterday by the Times
Colonist.

It was their 13th state capital in eight days.

"We're with our close personal friends Angela and Joy," said Fidler, adding
they'd been friends "for quite a few hours now."

Most of their rides so far have been pre-arranged through radio shows
publicizing the quest.

"It's all about having fun," said Fidler on his cell phone. "We wanted to see
America and meet cool people. It's more of a people project than a travel
project.

"We finished university and wanted to do something interesting, rather than get
a normal paying job. We thought we could do it, do it well, and entertain people
along the way."

They've got six of the 25 rides so far from "old-fashioned, grassroots
thumbing," said Fidler, who'd never hitchhiked in his life prior to this.

It may seem like a good time away from school but the experience of hitchhiking
across America speaks to what the duo learned at RRU.

"It's us marketing ourselves in a way that people think it's a good idea to pick
us up and have us around, so it's really just a marketing project," said Fidler.

They're making good time through the northeastern part of the country but things
will be considerably more difficult when they get to states like Texas or
California, he acknowledged.

"Also, we have to get to Alaska and Hawaii," he said.

The trip has been on the cheap, so far, with no costs paid for transportation.
They're also finding free beds in people's homes, too.

Scott MacDonald isn't the first in is family to do something a little crazy. His
brother, Kyle, is the guy who traded a red paperclip for various things, finally
ending up with a house.

MacDonald and Fidler have a web site, www.hitch50.com, that shows their location
at any given time, thanks to a cell phone with global positioning system
technology. A small balloon was moving steadily along Interstate 264 when they
were contacted yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: www.hitch50.com; Matt Fidler, left, and Scott MacDonald, graduates of
Royal Roads University, are trying to hitchhike across every state in the U.S.
in 50 days.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 29, 1994, Sunday

THE NOTEBOOK PAGE INSIDE THE NFL Davis sure to finagle his way back to Oakland

BYLINE: LEN PASQUARELLI

SECTION: SPORTS; Section F; Page 6

LENGTH: 929 words


"Oakland Al" once again? Make book on it.

At the NFL meetings last week in Coral Gables, Fla., Al Davis sat in his
trademark garb, the white leisure-type suit with "Raiders" emblazoned across
both sleeves, chatting about his "humane feelings" for the Los Angeles area. He
discussed at length the "humbling experiences" caused by the riots, the
landslides and floods, the earthquake.

But make no mistake about it, Davis's mind was on Oakland the whole time.
Shortly, his heart will lead him back to the city he abandoned in 1982. And then
his football team, the early favorite to represent the AFC in Super Bowl XXIX,
will follow.

"It's tough to move a team . . . but sometimes you have to do the tough things,"
said Davis, all but revealing his intentions to bolt the earthquake-damaged Los
Angeles Coliseum.

Davis has yet to speak directly with Oakland officials, leaving negotiations to
a man he referred to only as "a conduit." That man, the Journal-Constitution
confirmed, is Raiders minority partner Jack Brooks, who still lives in the Bay
Area.

If push comes to shove with his NFL owner-brethren (particularly San Francisco
owner Ed DeBartolo and president Carmen Policy), Davis will circumvent by-laws
that require league approval for such a move by claiming it's the result of an
act of God, and for one year only. Already, the Raiders have checked into the
costs of remaining in Los Angeles for practices, and flying up to Oakland for
home games.

WHO'S THE BOSS: There's a minor tete-a-tete taking place in Arizona, where
Cardinals owner Bill Bidwill has told coach Buddy Ryan that he'd prefer not to
add the outspoken Jim McMahon to the roster. That could pave the way for
Browning Nagle, recently waived by the Jets, to sign on as the backup to
starting quarterback Steve Beuerlein.

In another disagreement of sorts, Ryan has asked wide receiver Gary Clark to
accept a pay cut to help create more space under the salary cap. So far, Clark
and agent Ralph Cindrich have declined.

BUY A SCORECARD: Free agency and the salary cap have combined to change the face
of the NFL in recent months, but coaching changes also play a role in roster
restructuring, as demonstrated in Tampa Bay and Chicago. The Bucs have just five
players - offensive linemen Paul Gruber, Tony Mayberry, Ian Beckles and Scott
Dill, and linebacker Broderick Thomas - remaining from Ray Perkins's final
season in 1990. The facelift hasn't done a lot of good for Sam Wyche's team,
which is 14-37 since Perkins departed. The Bucs haven't won more than six games
in a season since 1981.

In Chicago, the Mike Ditka years are now a distant memory under coach Dave
Wannstedt. The Bears will take 41 players to camp who were acquired in either
1993 or '94. There are only 22 players remaining who were around for any of
Ditka's 11-year tenure.

THE CUTTING EDGE: With teams able to mitigate the impact on their salary cap by
waiting until after June 1 to release players (the prorated shares of a signing
bonus can then be spread over two years), the NFL's waiver wire is expected to
get very crowded later this week. The Cleveland Browns, who have quietly reached
contract agreement with linebacker Pepper Johnson, are expected to waive
tailback Leroy Hoard and cornerback Najee Mustafaa. . . . Satisfied that
fourth-round draft pick Doug Nussmeier can be a capable No. 3 quarterback behind
Jim Everett and Wade Wilson, the Saints will release Mike Buck. . . . With the
addition of Tony Casillas, the Chiefs will turn loose nose tackle Dan Saleaumua.
. . . Arizona is set to jettison safeties John Booty and Chuck Cecil, and could
sign Falcons unrestricted free agent Scott Case as a replacement. . . . Other
players rumored at last week's owners meeting to be in trouble: New York Giants
TE Derek Brown, a first-rounder just two years ago; Indianapolis QB Don
Majkowski; Washington OG Mark Schlereth; Green Bay FS Mike Prior and C James
Campen; and Detroit OG David Richards and OT Dave Lutz.

AROUND THE LEAGUE: Former Chicago defensive end Richard Dent seems set to sign a
two-year, $ 2 million deal with San Francisco, but is still dickering with
Washington and Philadelphia. . . . AFC West rivals Seattle and San Diego are
vying for former Indianapolis standout linebacker Duane Bickett, waived by the
Colts for salary cap considerations. . . . When Mark D'Onofrio failed his
physical last week, he became the fourth quality linebacker lost by the Packers
in the past three months. Johnny Holland called it quits last week because of a
disk problem. In February, Brian Noble retired because of knee injuries, and in
March, Tony Bennett joined the Colts as an unrestricted free agent.

STAT OF THE WEEK: New teammates Warren Moon and Andre Ware will try to forget
their run-and-shoot leanings in Minnesota coach Dennis Green's offense. The last
time the two quarterbacks played under the same roof - the Astrodome in 1989 -
they combined for 8,320 yards and 69 touchdown passes. Moon, who was named the
AFC's Pro Bowl starter that year, threw for 3,631 yards and 23 scores. Ware, who
won the Heisman directing coach John Jenkins's run-and-shoot at the University
of Houston, had 4,689 yards and 46 touchdown passes.

THE LAST WORD(S): Indianapolis Colts general manager Jim Irsay, on realignment:
"A lot of [owners] talk big about realignment. But then it comes time to vote
and you're thinking, 'You know, I'm probably going to be in this division for
the next 30 years, [because] we're not going to do this again anytime soon.' And
that's when it gets real hard to swallow."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941530314

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Al Davis

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 4, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Glen Burnie Pool Plan Finds Winning Partner in Special Olympics

BYLINE: Matthew Mosk and Nelson Hernandez, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: ANNE ARUNDEL EXTRA; ARUNDEL NOTEBOOK; Pg. T02

LENGTH: 748 words


Glen Burnie politicians have been trying to finagle state funding for a new
aquatic center for years, but it has repeatedly slipped from their grasp because
the pool was seen as a luxury, even during times of plenty.

But this year, despite a budget crunch, Anne Arundel's lawmakers believe they
have come up with the winning formula to secure as much as $ 500,000 in state
matching money for the pool project. The final budget has not been adopted, but
at this point, the pool remains funded.

How did they do it? Easy. They teamed up with Special Olympics -- and what
politician can say no to disabled children? The Special Olympics was looking for
a place to build a $ 20 million sports complex and recently found one in Glen
Burnie. Now, with the state's help, the county will build a pool that can be
used jointly by Special Olympians and the public.

The pool will be built on 23 acres next to Crain Highway, a quarter-mile from
Interstate 97. The entire Special Olympics complex is slated for completion in
2005.

"I'm very excited about it," said Del. Mary Ann Love (D-Glen Burnie), who has
lobbied hard to secure the state money. "It's a great location, and it's
something we've been wanting for 10 or 15 years."

Community groups across the North County are fired up over Maglev, a 250-mph
magnetic levitation train being considered for a route running directly through
several residential neighborhoods.

Linthicum residents vehemently protested the proposed train project at a
Maryland Transit Administration meeting last month. Now neighborhood
associations in Crestwood, North Linthicum and Maryland City are meeting this
week to join the insurrection against Maglev, which would be funded through a
federal grant of nearly $ 4 billion.

Maryland is one of two finalists for the project -- the other is Pittsburgh --
and several state legislators said this is one contest they don't want to win.

"This part of Anne Arundel County has already shed blood for the Maryland
Transit Authority," said Del. James E. Rzepkowski (R-Anne Arundel).

Rzepkowski noted that light rail trains already cut through the county on their
route from Baltimore-Washington International Airport to Camden Yards. And the
region also must contend with the piercing noise of the jets that swoop in and
out of BWI.

State officials have argued that Maryland would be crazy to pass up the
federally funded project, which could help shuttle tourists between Baltimore
and Washington and serve as a lure for the region's bid for 2012 Summer
Olympics.

Then again, most of them don't live anywhere near the route.

Days after a pair of shootings in public housing projects, Annapolis Mayor Ellen
O. Moyer (D) announced her transition team's plans to stem violence in the city.

The mayor's "Stop the Violence" team, led by the Rev. Johnny R. Calhoun, was
light on such traditional measures as increasing the police presence in
high-crime areas of the city. Instead, the group argued that the key to
discouraging violence was to rebuild the sense of community that once acted as a
support system for youths.

"We used to know the police officers," remembered Kirby McKinney, a transition
team member who grew up along West Washington Street in what was once the
close-knit, mostly black Ward 4. "Now people want to duck in their houses rather
than go outside."

As part of Moyer's initiative to create what she called a "caring community,"
the mayor said she would ask city Recreation and Parks Director LeeAnn Bogan to
investigate the possibility of reopening recreation centers in public housing
neighborhoods. The mayor also said she was recommending the establishment of a
community and social services coordinator for the city and the creation of a
joint city-county job skills training program focusing on the construction
industry.

The proposals came a day after the fatal Monday shooting of 16-year-old Dan
Allen Johnson Jr., a resident of Obery Court. A pair of 17-year-olds, Charles
Nathaniel Allen and Larry Eugene Adams, have been arrested and charged as adults
with murder. Two days earlier, another Annapolis man, Delvin Tanard Johnson, was
shot in the neck near the Harbour House public housing project in Eastport.

Moyer was troubled by the incidents but hopeful that her proposals would make a
difference.

"When you're in a climate where you've got places that are boarded up and
blighted, that perpetrates violence," Moyer said. "Clearly, violence is not
going to be stemmed overnight."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 7, 1995, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Phillies shuffle deck against Pirates

BYLINE: Bob Brookover, Gannett News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH


Jim Fregosi hasn't reached the point where he's ready to perform any lineup hat
tricks, but the Philadelphia Phillies manager did decide to shuffle his batting
order for Thursday night's game with the Pittsburgh Pirates.

For the first time this season, Dave Hollins batted somewhere other than fourth,
Mickey Morandini was dropped to eighth in the order and Kevin Stocker was given
a seat on the bench.

Hollins batted fifth and was replaced in the cleanup spot by struggling catcher
Darren Daulton.

"I'm just trying to finagle around to see what I can get going," Fregosi said.
"In case you haven't noticed, we're having trouble scoring runs."

The three highest-paid players on the team - Lenny Dykstra, Daulton and Gregg
Jefferies - have combined for just 10 home runs and 59 RBI. By comparison,
Oakland's Mark McGwire leads the American League with 23 home runs and 58 RBI.

"Sure I'm frustrated," said general manager Lee Thomas said. "But I'm not
pointing any fingers. We have some professional hitters who are not hitting. In
time, I feel they will. I'm frustrated, but I'm not hellbent breathing fire and
brimstone. I'm concerned, but we're all concerned. The players are, too."

Perhaps no one is more concerned than Daulton, whose batting average is falling
faster than a bungee jumper. Entering Thursday night's game, Daulton had just
two hits in his last 37 at-bats and had not driven in a run in two weeks.

"It's been a while since I've gone through something like this," Daulton said.
"It's just frustrating, because the team is losing. I want to contribute and I'm
not. If I'd start hitting, that would take a lot of pressure off a lot of
people."

Daulton has plenty of company in his misery.

-- Hollins hit .207 (6-for-29) with four RBI since coming off the disabled list
on June 27.

-- Jefferies batted .133 (2-for-15) without an RBI in his first four games back
from the disabled list.

-- Dykstra was at .244, with five runs scored, since coming off the disabled
list on June 24.

-- Stocker had just two hits in his last 29 at-bats.

The switch-hitting Hollins tried to break out of his slump on Wednesday night by
batting strictly right-handed. He went 0-for-4.

Approached on the subject of abandoning switch-hitting, Hollins waved off all
questions.

"No quotes from me," he said.

Before Thursday night's game, Fregosi didn't even know if the experiment would
continue.

"I don't know how he's going to hit," Fregosi said. "We'll have to see."

Hollins went back to hitting left-handed Thursday night, though Fregosi would
like the experiment to continue.

"His power numbers are better right-handed," Fregosi said. "I think he should be
willing to try anything at this point."

Dykstra, meanwhile, hasn't hit a home run this season. In fact, he hasn't even
hit a wall.

Well, he has hit a wall. The entire Phillies offense has hit a wall and they're
just trying to survive the wreckage.

"People say you have to go out and get a pitcher or two," said Thomas, who is
actively searching for pitching help. "But if we don't hit, it's not going to
matter who we get. This has been a year-long thing with the exception of Mickey
(Morandini), Charlie (Hayes) and (Jim) Eisenreich.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                       May 9, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Locked in a low loan rate? Don't be too sure

BYLINE: Anne Willette; Desiree French

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 324 words


With mortgage rates near a two-year high, the environment is ripe for lenders to
finagle out of lower rates locked in by spring home buyers.

Consider Cliff and Tori Andersen of Yukon, Okla. In mid-March, they thought they
had guaranteed for 45 days an 8% rate on a 30-year mortgage as rates were
rising.

But two weeks before they were to close the deal on their new home, the lender
called with bad news: The company had no record of the rate lock and the loan
officer they'd worked with had quit.

By the way, they were told, the best rate available was 8.5%, adding $ 30 to
their monthly mortgage payment.

"We knew nothing about locking in an interest rate," says Cliff, 36. "We're
thinking this guy's working for us."

Even lenders admit the Andersens' experience isn't unusual. "Whenever you have
rates rising, you have complaints of consumers saying lenders seem to be
dragging their feet," says Guy Cecala, editor and publisher of Inside Mortgage
Finance.

Most home buyers should be fine, experts say. The majority of lenders are
honorable, and many states have regulations to keep them that way. The problems
often are with smaller lenders that are least able to absorb money-losing loans.

But one large institution got into trouble. In April, Massachusetts bank
regulators shut down Abbey Financial, leaving 600 borrowers without loans - and
fees they paid to secure rates. Abbey sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

Abbey's mistake: It promised low-rate loans but didn't lock in financing for
those loans. If rates had fallen below the promised rates, Abbey would have made
money. But rates rose, leaving Abbey obligated for millions of dollars.

"This is a far riskier time for lenders and, consequently, it's a far riskier
time for borrowers," says Peter Miller, author of The Common Sense Mortgage.

Mortgage rate soars Average interest rate for a 30-year fixed mortgage May 12:
8.73%(1)

1 - Estimate

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY, Source: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Line
graph)

See sidebar; 03B; See related story; 03B; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 8, 1978, Saturday, Final Edition

Major League Rodeo Is Trying to Make a Point;
Major League Rodeo: A Sporting Event, Not a Three-Ring Circus

BYLINE: By Dave Kindred

SECTION: Sport; This Morning; C1

LENGTH: 850 words


You'd love Bebe Jones.  She's a Doris Day type with a cowgirl drawl who finagles
publicity for the Texas Rowels.  The world is full of easier jobs.  The Rowels
are San Antonio's team in Major League Rodeo, a new sports league that is a
secret to everyone but the next of kin.  So when a city-slicker reporter called,
Jones said, "C'mon over, and make sure to wear your cowboy boots, y'hear?"

Hey, Bebe, first tell me what's a Rowel?" the reporter asked.

"Don'tcha know what a spur is?"

"You Easterners, all smart-faces.  A rowel is the little star thing that jingles
at the end of the spur.  The pointy thing horses hate."

Well, you learn something every day.

Did you know, for instance, that the star of the Tulsa Twisters rodeo team is a
bull rider from the Bronx?

"Come on, Bebe, you ain't talking to no green-horn," the city slicker said.
"Everybody knows all rodeo guys are from Broken Arrow, Okla.  No bull rider is
from the Bronx."

"Swear to God," she said with a smile.

Now, would Doris Day lie?

We'll get to Delvechio in a minute, at which time he'll tell us about a place
called Cowtown, N.J., but first some basic facts about Major League Rodeo . . .

The league has six teams - the Rowels, the Salt Lake City Buckaroos, the Denver
Stars, the Tulsa Twisters, the Kansas City Trailblazers and the Los Angeles
Outlaws . . . Competition by calf ropers, barrel racers, team ropers and steer
wrestlers is head to head, as opposed to ordinary rodeo in which the work is
done individually against a clock . . . The rodeos operate on a
traditional-sports scoring system, making possible newspaper head-lines such as,
"Rowels Dust Off Outlaws, 56-47."

Given time, Major League Rodeo can be big stuff, according to the Rowels'
president, an ambling Slim Pickens type named John Ritter III.  They call him
"Trips," which is short for Triple-III.Trips had on his cowboy boots and string
tie when he said."Rodeo has gotten to be more than a Texas sport, it's a
countrywide sport.  What we're trying to do with Major League Rodeo is emphasize
that cowboys are athletes.  In the past, rodeos have been treated like
three-ring circuses or Wild West shows.  We try to make it a sporting event."

So the cowboys are called "players." The rodeos, which are "games," are divided
into "halves." The San Antonio papers run the league standings, with games
behind, next to the baseball standings.

Rowel Coach Bob Blackwood, 34, is a lifelong rodeoer.  He thinks America is
dazed by basketball ("too much constant motion") and tired of football ("just
too much").  Rodeo is the answer, he said, and he sees a day when the cowboys
will fill 50,000-seat arenas and ride bulls on national television.

"Then everybody can be an all-around living room cowboy." Blackwood said
brightly.

And Bobby Delvechio would be a star.  The bull riden from the Bronx is dark,
handsome, a delight in conversation.  What a story it could be.  Here is this
street urchin sitting on a curb in the shadow of Yankee Stadium.  When what
comes along?  A Brahma bull.  Natives flee.  They can handle cops.  Muggers, not
to worry.  A Brahma bull?  Time to worry.  But not this brave, little street
urchin.  He leaps onto the rampaging brute and before you can say Reggie!
Reggie! Reggie!  he has the half-ton of animal savagery purring.

"What happened," said Delvechio, ruining a good story with the facts, "is that
my daddy used to drive me to school and I'd walk in the front door and out the
back."

Frank Delvechio noticed.  When his son wanted to quit school after the seventh
grade, he said all right.  He'd taken his boy the 110 miles to the Cowtown
rodeos every weekend since Bobby was 9 and he knew what was happening.

"My daddy said.  'If you want to do this rodeo stuff, go ahead.  Just be good at
it," the bull rider from the Bronx said.

Delvechio is good at it.  Second in a world-championship rodeo last season, he
once rode 38 straight bulls, hanging on to these devils incarnate for eight
seconds, an astonishing feat something akin to misfiring 38 straight times at
Russian Roulette.  Midway through this Major League Rodeo season, he is the
league's leading bull rider.

Delvechio is 21, 5-foot-6 and 160.  He will ride in maybe 135 rodeos this year.
He will ride these pieces of hell on hoof maybe 300 times, knowing any one of
them could break him into pieces.  (It's broken bones you want? "My ribs, most
all of them, have been broken.  My wrist, fingers, shoulder blades.  Nothing
serious, though.")

For such work, Delvechio may earn $20,000 this year.  That is before he takes
out $15,000 for expenses.  Delvechio says rodeo cowboys help each other out,
paying entry fees for going-bad colleagues.  They share rooms share meals.

"When you get hungry, you go to riding good," he said.

Bebe Jones was on the telephone the other day, saying Delvechio and the league's
best cowboys would get together for an all-star game July 24.

"It'll be at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas," she said.

A rodeo at Caesar's Palace?  Starring a bull rider from the Bronx?  Maybe he'll
ride a roulette wheel.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday

Stand up and take notice of Pirates

BYLINE: Doug Fernandes

SECTION: C; ARCHIVES; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 503 words


SARASOTA

You might snare a foul ball. Might finagle an autograph from a player who
understands spring is the occasion for such small gestures of fan appreciation.

Without a liberal application of SPF 2000 sun block, your skin might
spontaneously combust. And you might, just might, get to watch the team that
will represent its league in the World Series.

That club. The one occupying the visitors' dugout.

For years, among the many possibilities for fans attending spring-training games
at Bradenton's McKechnie Field, one near certainty dominated.

No matter the March complexion of the home-standing Pirates, by mid-summer,
clear would have turned cruddy.

As reflected by the team's place in the standings.

It didn't matter the players who played, the coaches who coached, or the front
offices that put them together.

The Pirates were toothless, feckless, punchless. Around Pittsburgh, a Primanti
Brothers cheesesteak sandwich had more bite.

From 1993 through 2010, 18 consecutive seasons, they finished under .500. The
city of Heinz ketchup consistently produced baseball teams that consistently
played catchup.

Which makes what's happening now an event to relish.

Dare we utter the T-word? Turnaround? It sure looks that way, even if plenty of
time exists for the Pirates to put the "Pit'' back into Pittsburgh.

Their 51 victories are just six shy of their entire 2010 total. Not since 1992,
when it won the NL East, has Pittsburgh led a division this late into a season.

In the NL Central, the Brewers, Cardinals and Reds certainly have taken notice,
as have Pirate fans, who have accounted for an increase of 3,600 a game at
suddenly vibrant PNC Park.

Clint Hurdle, take a bow. Should the Pirates' first-year manager keep pulling
the right strings, this season may end up at the top of his managerial resume,
surpassing even his World Series appearance in 2007 as skipper of the Colorado
Rockies.

Endlessly optimistic, with an even-keeled approach, Hurdle has gotten his
players to buy into his philosophy.

Without the Pirates' starting staff, who's to say they wouldn't be selling?

The team's five starters, Paul Maholm, Kevin Correia, Charlie Morton, James
McDonald and Jeff Karstens, have combined for a 3.58 ERA, fifth-best in the
National League.

In a lot of ways, the Pirates are the NL's Tampa Bay Rays. Constrained by a $45
million payroll, they pitch, catch the ball, but don't tear many covers off
baseballs.

In Pittsburgh's 1-0 win over the Reds on Tuesday night, just one player in its
lineup, left fielder Alex Presley, had a batting average north of .277.

The season is shaping up differently in the club's administrative offices as
well.

In prior years, the Pirates were the team that sold off its parts to clubs in
contention.

This year, the Pirates are those contenders. This year, they'll be the ones
looking to add a piece. Maybe even a gigantic one.

A report Wednesday on ESPN has Pittsburgh in the running for New York Mets
outfielder Carlos Beltran.

Must be a new year. The Pirates were always the ones backpedaling.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 3, 2007 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Watching Phils: This isn't work?;
Daytime playoffs force fans to finagle.

BYLINE: By Lini S. Kadaba and Edward Colimore; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1253 words


Phillies loyalist Kyle McGrath has an optimistic plan to score tickets not only
for this afternoon's National League playoff opener, but for other home games in
the series.

Convoluted? Yes. But doable? Well, anything seems possible since the Phils
captured the East Division title to reach the playoffs for the first time in 14
years.

Around the region and everywhere else that Phillies fanatics live, the goal is
as clear as a home run ball in a cloudless sky: Find a way to follow today's 3
p.m. game. Find a ticket. Find a television. Find a radio. Find a computer. Just
find a way.

"I'm a die-hard Phillies fan," said McGrath, 20, a Villanova University
marketing major from Springfield, Delaware County. To ensure he witnessed
today's history-making game, he hatched a scheme.

Soon after the Phillies clinched the title Sunday - he was there, of course,
after camping overnight at the box office - McGrath went online and snagged two
tix and a parking pass to tomorrow's 3 p.m. game against the Colorado Rockies
for a cool $300.

But McGrath couldn't bear the thought of not being in Citizens Bank Park this
afternoon. So he put his Thursday tickets up for sale on Craigslist.com for $550
in the hope of financing an opening-game seat. Then providence struck!

McGrath sweet-talked his grandmother into purchasing him a standing-room ticket
today. (Yes, he'll miss class, but McGrath has his priorities.)

As of last night, with his original tickets unsold, the sophomore still hoped to
reap enough profit from that sale to buy admission to the possible fifth game,
also at Citizens Bank Park, in the best-of-five series.

With Philadelphia gone wild, District Attorney Lynne M. Abraham reminded fans
yesterday to beware of counterfeiters and scammers selling fake tickets and
paraphernalia. Scalping is against the law, with even licensed ticket brokers
prohibited from charging more than 25 percent over face value, she said. And if
you're burned in an Internet transaction, prosecution is nearly impossible.

Donna Elison, 39, of Media, plans to catch snippets of the game between snipping
hair at Texxtures by Wilcoxx, a West Chester salon. The stylist and super Phils
supporter is booked solid from 11:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.

"I'm busy, busy, busy," said Elison, who plans to run to a big-screen TV that's
in the waiting room and usually tuned to cartoons.

She's sort of glad she can't see the tube from her work station. "I think I
might be a little distracted," she said.

In Cherry Hill, mechanics and sales associates at Mall Chevrolet plan to listen
to the game on portable radios.

Since Sunday, "everybody's attitude is elevated. Everybody is upbeat," said
Charles W. Falkenstein, vice president of the Chevy dealership and Mall Chrysler
Suzuki in Maple Shade. "I've watched more games in the last three weeks than I
have in my entire life."

One 24-year-old Wilmington resident, who preferred anonymity, confided that he
was despondent when he learned of the game times. Then he got some perspective.

"If taking off work last minute to go see a Phillies playoff game goes against a
rule in the employee handbook (which I'm sure it does), then fire me," he wrote
in an e-mail interview. "I'll find a new job."

With the playoff games televised exclusively on TBS, sports bars will be a
refuge for the social and the cableless. In Exton and Newtown Square, Winner's
Circle Sports Grille will hold pep rallies, owner Nick Cacchione said. Nearly
all the 44 TVs in each location will be tuned to the game, and discounted beer
and giveaways will be plentiful.

Cacchione was disappointed that the game times weren't later, to cash in on the
after-work crowd. "It's terrible for my business," he said.

With luck, a lot of fans will play hooky, said the season-ticket holder. He will
be at the stadium with his wife, Jenn, and 8-year-old son, Nicky, who will miss
school.

"He's going to Philadelphia for a field trip," Dad joked.

Officially, the Philadelphia School District expects students and employees to
show up for a full day of classes and work. But Albert Bichner, deputy chief
academic officer, said he didn't want to be a killjoy.

The district has declared today Phillies Phever Day. That means students can
incorporate red - the team color - and Phillies gear into their school uniforms.

The never-give-up Phils are great role models for the district's students. "I'd
like to think a little bit of the Phillies is in us," Bichner said.

Even the Benjamin Franklin Bridge is getting into the act. Beginning at 4 p.m.
today and tomorrow, it will be illuminated in Phillies red and white.

Justin Grayson, 27, of Germantown, who works at a Philadelphia nonprofit group,
plans to sneak a radio into work and listen to the game on WPHT-AM (1210). He
has tickets for the possible Game 5.

"I have a flair for the dramatic," Grayson said. "If I'm going to pay a lot of
money, I might as well go for Game 5."

He paid $465 through StubHub.com, an authorized ticket auction site, for two
seats in Section 202. Now, he said, "the problem is finding a friend to go who's
willing to pay $200. They're looking for charity."

Some have stealthier methods of following the game.

"I don't know if there's another Phillies fan (a real one, not a
bandwagon-jumper) in the state," Sam Glantzow of South Dakota wrote in an e-mail
interview.

The high school teacher, who grew up in Cherry Hill, will be in class at game
time, and "our computer watchdog blocks Internet radio," he said. "But it does
not block the ESPN play-by-play, so that'll have to do."

Alexis Stalker, 30, a fan since she saw the Phillies win the World Series when
she was 3, has the misfortune of working at an assisted-living community in
North Jersey - Mets territory.

"No one at work understands what it is like to be a Philly Girl at heart, and
what this playoff season means to me," she wrote in an e-mail. "Maybe it's not
too late to call in sick!"

How to Manage at the Office

As any serious baseball fan knows, there are ways to follow today's playoff game
in the office even if no television or radio is available.

Through a variety of sports Web sites, computer users can get a pitch-by-pitch
on-screen account.

The most elaborate vehicles are Gamecast, on ESPN.com, and Gameday, available on
MLB.com, Phillies.com, and other team Web sites. Both are free.

Neither program uses sound or live images. Instead, computer graphics show who's
at bat, who's on the mound, the location of each pitch, where a ball is hit, and
the progress of baserunners.

The "action" is supplemented by file photos of the players, stats, an updated
box score, and a chronological account of the game.

For those who would like to hear the game - and free their computer for actual
work - play-by-play in Spanish or English is available live online exclusively
through Major League Baseball's Gameday Audio. A postseason package, with
streaming audio of all games, costs $14.95. Also, Sports Illustrated magazine is
running a promotion that includes free access to postseason Gameday Audio
(http://go.philly.com/mlbpromo).

Live, streaming video of postseason games is not available online.

Of course, old-school fans can still sneak a radio under their desks. The game
will be broadcast at 3 p.m. on WPHT-AM (1210) and, in Spanish, on WUBA-AM
(1480). Stations outside the Philadelphia area are listed at
http://go.philly.com/philliesradio.

- Larry Eichel

Contact staff writer Lini S. Kadaba at 610-701-7624 or Lkadaba@phillynews.com.

Inquirer staff writer Dwight Ott contributed to this article.


LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 1, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Don't Finagle a Way To Build Yankee Park

SECTION: Section A;   Page 16;   Column 6;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 197 words


To the Editor:

Creating a sports authority to finance a new ball park for the New York Yankees
(news article, March 28) would only be a smokescreen to insulate Mayor Rudolph
W. Giuliani and Gov. George E. Pataki from the politically unjustifiable
decision to ask taxpayers to pay for an $800 million stadium for George
Steinbrenner, the Yankees' principal owner.

The credit of the city and state would still be needed to raise the money for
the stadium.

It would be fiscally irresponsible to commit nearly $1 billion on a single ball
park when the city and state face huge budget shortfalls. Even under the best
circumstances, it would be risky to finance a new stadium. Stadiums do not cover
their fixed and operating costs and do not add significant new revenues to the
city's economy, and sports teams usually have fewer than 100 full-time
employees. And most New Yorkers could not afford the increased ticket prices.

New York would remain a "major league" city with or without the Yankees. The
city would be better off fixing deteriorating schools or restoring quality
service to the subways.

FRANZ S. LEICHTER
Senator, 30th District
Albany, March 28, 1996

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 5, 2001 Monday 1ST EDITION

DU fund-raisers finagle a sparkling finale at Marriott

BYLINE: By Joanne Davidson, SEEN,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. E-07

LENGTH: 471 words


Founders Day had some extra sparkle this year, and 770  University of Denver
faculty members, benefactors, students and  alumni can thank their lucky stars
it didn't give them a good  drenching.

Actually, they can thank the Denver fire marshal because he  allowed the
Marriott City Center to shut off its sprinkler system  for the 90 seconds it
took to give this annual fund-raiser a  razzle-dazzle finale.

Only a select few knew that Fourth of July-type sparklers had  been inserted
into the centerpieces, and so they were in for a big  surprise when the emcee
thanked everyone for coming and invited  them to stay on for dancing to Soul:
101. The words were no sooner  out of his mouth than the lights in the hotel
ballroom dimmed, the  sparklers were ignited by remote control and DU's 137th
birthday  party shined like never before.

Additional sparkle came courtesy of a mint-condition, 1962  Cadillac Eldorado
convertible custom-ordered by a Texas oil family  that requested real gold in
the paint. It was offered in the  silent auction and John Bazley, a member of
the Daniels College of  Business faculty, placed the $ 13,100 winning bid.

The $ 60,000 raised at Founders Day goes to scholarships and  alumni
programming; the Caddy's bid money is earmarked for the  Loan Repayment
Endowment for DU law students choosing careers in  public interest law.

Vice Provost Sheila Wright, who chaired the gala with her  husband, associate
professor Roscoe Hill, and Jeffery and Tamara  McMorris, was high bidder on DU
Does Dinner III, a gourmet meal  for eight that is prepared and served by
Chancellor's Office  Director Steve Edmonds; College of Law development officer
Johanna  Kelly; and John and Merry Low.

Low, a university trustee and attorney who has practiced at  Sherman & Howard
since receiving his juris doctor degree cum laude  from DU in 1951, was the
recipient of the DU Alumni Association's  Evans Award.

Personalized Tiffany & Co. crystal bowls also went to Diane  Wendt, a director
in DU's division of intellectual property; 1948  graduate Nellie Mae Duman; and
Daphne Kay Preuss, leader of a team  of American and British researchers who in
1999 were the first to  decode the DNA of plant chromosomes. Technology guru
Harry Fair  and his wife, Kay, shared the Service to Alumni Award while
brothers Tilden and Wilbert Le Melle were given the Professional  Achievement
Award. Wilbert is a former U.S. ambassador to Kenya  and the Seychelles; his
brother, a former president of the  University of the District of Columbia, is a
founding member of  the African Heritage Studies Association.

Denver Post Society Editor Joanne Davidson's column runs every  day except
Saturdays. E-mail her at jmdpost@aol.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

N.Y. governor bypasses legislature to boost wages - just like Obama?;
Executive action has become a source of rancor on the national stage. At the
state level, governors from both sides of the aisle have invoked executive
powers to work around legislatures.

BYLINE: Harry Bruinius Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 859 words


New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, the fiscally-conservative Democrat who has long had
a rocky relationship with the state's many coalitions of progressives and
liberals, invoked his executive powers Wednesday to begin a process to raise the
minimum wage for fast-food workers.

It was a bold and surprising move for the cautiously moderate governor, who
decided to bypass the state legislature on an important matter of public policy
- as well as put his personal stamp on income inequality and the fast food
"Fight for $15" campaign, two high-profile and nationwide progressive causes.

For New York Republicans, however, the governor simply pulled an Obama,
resorting to executive powers to finagle an end-around on a divided legislature.
The state's minimum wage is already set to rise from $8.75 to $9 at the end of
2015. Republican opposition thwarted Governor Cuomo's plans to raise it again
this year, to $11.50 in New York City and $10.50 elsewhere in the state.

"Trying to govern by executive order is the same type of misguided approach that
President Obama has proven to be ill advised and ineffective," Assemblyman Brian
Kolb, the minority leader, told The New York Times, referring to the president's
controversial executive orders on immigration last fall, which grants a reprieve
from deportation to about 5 million illegal immigrants, mostly families with
children living in the US.

While the legality of Obama's actions on immigration are currently under review
by a federal court, Cuomo's authority to begin a process to implement a higher
minimum wage is already long-established by state law.

Still, critics of the governor's move on Wednesday maintain that such an
important matter of fiscal policy should be left to the democratic process. And
Obama's bold unilateral actions during his presidency have highlighted executive
orders as a source of partisan rancor.

"Personally, I'd much rather see this passed via 'normal' channels, but both in
Washington and Albany, the dysfunction in the legislatures has made it such that
any agreement doesn't seem likely to happen," says Jeanne Zaino, professor of
political science at Iona College in New Rochelle, N.Y. "And so we do have
executives trying to find these other means to implement certain policies."

Last year, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), frustrated with the refusal of the
GOP-led legislature to expand Medicaid under the Obamacare law, explored his own
executive powers for months, seeking to expand the federally-funded program on
his own. He eventually dropped the effort, however.

In February, conservative Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner (R) used his executive
powers to ban "fair share" union dues for nonmembers - an aggressive move in his
battle against the state's established progressive policies. The controversial
executive order is now being challenged in state and federal courts.

Cuomo, however, invoked his statutory power to impanel a "Wage Board" to
investigate whether the wages for workers in a certain industry "are sufficient
to provide for the life and health of those workers." In February, the state's
labor commission similarly raised the minimum wage for those who work for tips -
and who generally received lower hourly wages - to $7.50 an hour.

"Nowhere is the income gap more extreme and obnoxious than in the fast-food
industry," Cuomo wrote in an op-ed in The New York Times, where he announced his
controversial move to give fast-food workers a yet-to-be-determined raise.

Politically, the move was seen as shrewd by a number of observers. The New York
State legislature is currently in disarray after federal prosecutors indicted
the majority leaders of both houses, Democrat Assemblyman Sheldon Silver in
January and Republican Sen. Dean Skelos on Monday.

The governor is asserting his power in the state at a time of weakness in the
state legislature, many observers point out. But even more importantly, perhaps,
Cuomo is also repairing his fraught relationship with the state's progressive
coalitions - for whom income inequality and the "Fight for $15" campaign remain
top priorities nationwide, and which the public seem to generally support.

"The fact that savvy politicians like Governor Cuomo are answering their call
confirms that raising wages is a winning political issue," said Christine Owens,
executive director of the New York City-based National Employment Law Project,
in a statement.

"This will make it harder for other service-sector employers to pay poverty
wages and should help pave the way for wage increases in these other industries
as well," she said.

Many business leaders joined the chorus of Republicans criticizing the
governor's legislative end-around and use of his executive authority to try to
implement this state-wide policy.

"While the measure proposed by the governor is allowed under the Labor Law, it
has rarely been used and we are concerned that it circumvents the legislature's
long established role in making wage policy in New York," said Ken Pokalsky,
vice president of The Business Council of New York State, in a statement. "It
also raises concerns about other sectors being subject to non-legislative wage
mandates."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

NYCHA Web of 'deceit' [Exclusive] Finagles Google

BYLINE: Josh Margolin

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 428 words


If you want good news, just pay for it yourself.

That's exactly what the New York City Housing Authority is doing, The Post has
learned.

The financially strapped agency has secretly contracted with a Seattle-based
firm that specializes in suppressing negative Google-search results to "manage"
the authority's image online.

Agency officials insist the $100,000 deal is not aimed at deleting negative
references on the Web; they just want to highlight the story the authority wants
to tell.

"NYCHA is seeking to have more ownership of its own messages," said agency
spokeswoman Sheila Stainback.

The Internet effort came to light Friday when the agency announced it was
seeking proposals for consulting services to "enhance the image of NYCHA in the
minds of" residents, the press and government officials responsible for the
authority's budget.

Stainback said the effort is not new. The authority has for the past year been
working with Search Impact Consulting, whose CEO, Rebecca Bilbao, touts herself
online as an expert in "reputation management" and crisis communications.

Bilbao declined to discuss her work for the authority, and referred questions
back to agency officials.

In response to questions from The Post, Stainback said, "Those seeking out
information should not need to wade through page after page of Google search
results to find the answers to their questions."

She also said the authority is doing nothing different than companies in the
private sector, although the authority is a government agency without
competition.

The authority has an annual deficit of about $50 million. Its 2012 budget is
more than $3 billion.

The agency has a fully staffed p.r. department, but, Stainback said, its staff
does not have the expertise for the online project.

While spending its limited cash on public relations might be questionable, there
is no doubt the authority gets bad press.

In recent weeks, the agency has come under fire for refusing to release a $10
million consultant's report detailing problems there. And tenants have
criticized it for the conditions of some of its buildings.

A Google search yesterday using the term "New York City Housing Authority"
showed that the online p.r. effort is having only limited results.

On the first page of links, nine positive results showed up, including the
agency's own Web site. News stories that raise questions about what's going on
at the authority started appearing with the 10th entry and continued to appear
on the following pages.

josh.margolin@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

NYCHA Web of 'deceit' [Exclusive] Finagles Google

BYLINE: Josh Margolin

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 428 words


If you want good news, just pay for it yourself.

That's exactly what the New York City Housing Authority is doing, The Post has
learned.

The financially strapped agency has secretly contracted with a Seattle-based
firm that specializes in suppressing negative Google-search results to "manage"
the authority's image online.

Agency officials insist the $100,000 deal is not aimed at deleting negative
references on the Web; they just want to highlight the story the authority wants
to tell.

"NYCHA is seeking to have more ownership of its own messages," said agency
spokeswoman Sheila Stainback.

The Internet effort came to light Friday when the agency announced it was
seeking proposals for consulting services to "enhance the image of NYCHA in the
minds of" residents, the press and government officials responsible for the
authority's budget.

Stainback said the effort is not new. The authority has for the past year been
working with Search Impact Consulting, whose CEO, Rebecca Bilbao, touts herself
online as an expert in "reputation management" and crisis communications.

Bilbao declined to discuss her work for the authority, and referred questions
back to agency officials.

In response to questions from The Post, Stainback said, "Those seeking out
information should not need to wade through page after page of Google search
results to find the answers to their questions."

She also said the authority is doing nothing different than companies in the
private sector, although the authority is a government agency without
competition.

The authority has an annual deficit of about $50 million. Its 2012 budget is
more than $3 billion.

The agency has a fully staffed p.r. department, but, Stainback said, its staff
does not have the expertise for the online project.

While spending its limited cash on public relations might be questionable, there
is no doubt the authority gets bad press.

In recent weeks, the agency has come under fire for refusing to release a $10
million consultant's report detailing problems there. And tenants have
criticized it for the conditions of some of its buildings.

A Google search yesterday using the term "New York City Housing Authority"
showed that the online p.r. effort is having only limited results.

On the first page of links, nine positive results showed up, including the
agency's own Web site. News stories that raise questions about what's going on
at the authority started appearing with the 10th entry and continued to appear
on the following pages.

josh.margolin@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

Yo-yo champ or scam? Man finagles way onto Wis. TV

BYLINE: By DON WALKER Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 882 words


MILWAUKEE Kenny Strasser, who either lives in Antigo or Neenah or maybe
somewhere else, says he a yo-yo champion, loves talking to schoolchildren and
wants to save the Earth.

He's been divorced twice, doesn't have any kids, and has personal issues with
members of his family. He also says he's had drug and alcohol problems.

Or so he says.

It's not entirely clear who Strasser is. What is clear is that a person who
called himself Kenny Strasser, Kenny Strassburg, or K-Strass managed to persuade
at least five television stations four of which are in Wisconsin to put him on
live television in recent weeks.

Two other stations both in La Crosse came close to putting him on, but were
warned ahead of time that Strasser was not who he says he is.

His latest appearance occurred Thursday morning on KQTV's "Hometown This
Morning," in St. Joseph, Mo.

"He got us," said Bridget Blevins, the station's news director. "I hate that we
got duped."

And how good was he with the yo-yo, a skill Strasser has said made him a
champion? "He did some really lame things. He hit himself in the face and the
groin with his yo-yo," Blevins said.

Lisa Malak, who anchors the "Sunday Morning" show on WFRV in Green Bay, thought
it would be fun to book somebody who said he was a yo-yo champion. When Strasser
showed up April 11, he said he forgot the string for his yo-yo. With no tricks,
Malak and Strasser spent their live TV segment talking.

"It was the most bizarre thing that has ever happened to me on the air," Malak
said.

The stunts Strasser pulled appears to be similar to the performance artistry
practiced by the late comedian Andy Kaufman. Kaufman created characters like
Tony Clifton, a down-and-out lounge singer who abused audiences.

The way Strasser managed to get on TV followed a familiar pattern and laid bare
the pitfalls of live television, where stations are always looking for somebody
to fill air time in the morning.

In each case, producers at the television stations received an e-mail from Joe
Guehrke, saying he represented Strasser and ZimZam Yo-Yo, "the world's first
'green'" nonprofit toy maker.

Guehrke told the stations that Strasser, whom he called a "master yo-yo artist,"
would be in their area to bring his environmental message and "zany sense of
humor" to kids.

Guehrke wrote in one e-mail to a TV station that Strasser was a dynamic
talk-show guest who comes "equipped with a roster of amazing yo-yo tricks,
juggling and fun tips about how kids and adults alike can take small steps to
make the world a greener place."

The e-mail solicitation stated that Strasser was a runner-up for Rookie of the
Year in 1995, grand champion at the Pensacola Regional and was nominated for the
Walt Greenberg Award in 2000.

There is no Walt Greenberg Award in yo-yo, and there is no evidence Pensacola
ever hosted a yo-yo tournament or that Strasser won a rookie of the year award.

But the solicitation was good enough for the bookers on the TV stations.

In one particularly bizarre segment on WSAW's "Sunrise 7" show in Wausau on
April 20, Strasser told interviewer Amy Pflugshaupt that he is just a
35-year-old kid at heart. "I don't have a girlfriend, don't want one. My
parents, they live in Denver, they just got divorced. My dad is now in Oshkosh.
... I have a brother in Portland who I don't get along with very well because of
his wife."

And then, incredibly, his cell phone rings on the air. Pflugshaupt halts the
interview, throws it back to the anchors, but later comes back to Strasser.

In the solicitation there's a reference to ZimZam yo-yos and a related website.
But in registering the domain name, zimzaminc.com, Guehrke gave a fictitious
Milwaukee address and provided a phone number that is now disconnected.

At WISC in Madison, Strasser was booked and ready to go on "News 3 This
Morning." But things took a strange turn when Strasser said on the air, "Do you
want to hear a scary story?"

Colin Benedict, the station's news director, said the anchors were confused.
They thought a yo-yo champion was supposed to be on.

Instead, Strasser started talking about his personal story of alcohol and drugs.

And the yo-yo tricks? Benedict said Strasser tried one but the yo-yo fell apart
and onto the studio floor.

That was enough for WISC. The anchors took over and Strasser was off the air.

Strasser also got on WMTV in Madison.

Strasser apparently left Wisconsin and headed west, where he appeared at the St.
Joseph, Mo., station.

Strasser has not been spotted since. Mikel Lauber, a reporter with Wausau's
WSAW, tried to find him and located a phone number for Guehrke. The number was
traced to Joe Pickett, who is a comedy filmmaker and operates a business with
partner Nick Prueher. Both men have Wisconsin ties.

Their business, "The Found Footage Festival," tours the country showing obscure,
unusual and bizarre home videos, promotional clips, outtakes and training films
to comedic effect.

Neither Pickett nor Prueher returned repeated phone calls, but in e-mails to the
Journal Sentinel Prueher said his festival "had nothing to do with this yo-yo
guy."

"Wish we could take credit for it, but we've never met this Kenny fellow,"
Prueher said.

But the Found Footage Festival was in Missouri last week, not far from St.
Joseph.


Information from: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, http://www.jsonline.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 16, 2008 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Striking It Rich Out West

BYLINE: Mike Wise

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1011 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


If Mark Cuban finds a way to finagle Jason Kidd out of New Jersey -- if the
ultra-creative owner of the Dallas Mavericks can pull that off -- the narrative
of this NBA season will not be titled How the West Was Won.

More like: How the West Was Bought and Paid For.

In less than three weeks, David Stern's league has morphed into an escalating
arms race between title contenders, some of whom have either raided, or are
about to raid, the Eastern Conference of more names and talent.

The Lakers already stole Pau Gasol for Kwame Brown and a tube of menthol rub.
The Suns upped the ante last week, hoping that Shaquille O'Neal's old bones have
yet to calcify after sending Shawn Marion to Miami.

Now, less than a week before the trading deadline, Kidd sits in limbo during
All-Star Weekend, waiting to "find out here in the next couple of days if I'm a
Mav or if I'm still a Net." If a trade was finalized this weekend, Kidd was
asked, for what conference would he compete in Sunday's All-Star Game?

"It might have been different had I played last night for the Mavs but I think
everything will work itself out and I'll be on the East for right now," he said.

Such a magnanimous soul, no, staying strong and true for the poor old East?

There is a charitable feel around the Big Easy this weekend as the NBA has gone
to great lengths to lend helping hands to a region still suffering post-Katrina.
Work gloves were distributed months ago to volunteers interested in helping
build homes yesterday, which the league mandated as a service day for everyone
involved in the weekend festivities.

But the genuine chatter about basketball concerns the mad scramble in the
Western Conference for a title shot, and how the pendulum of power keeps
swinging further toward the Pacific. Kidd went so far as to answer inquiries as
if he  were already a Maverick.

"I'm just a piece to the puzzle," he said during the players' media availability
Friday afternoon. "I would hope that we can compete for a championship. That
would be nice."

The holdup is Devean George, the bit Maverick player who is being accused of
holding a future Hall of Fame point guard hostage in Secaucus. George won't
consent to a blockbuster deal that will land Kidd on the Mavericks because it
would mean he would relinquish his leverage as a free agent this summer, a move
that could cost him millions of dollars -- which a journeyman averaging 3.8
points and 2.7 rebounds per game desperately needs.

Beyond his agent, most well-intentioned NBA types are advising George to "do
what's good for the league," which they believe to mean giving one of the
greatest point guards of his era an opportunity to compete for a championship
again, since it's not happening in Jersey.

That thinking is remarkably shortsighted. What's good for the league is Devean
George looking out for his own interests, like every other owner and player and,
by association, preventing Kidd from going west, where every other pro
basketball star seems to end up these days.

Steve Nash, Kobe Bryant, Allen Iverson, Yao Ming and Carmelo Anthony entertained
massive crowds  Friday afternoon, completely dwarfing players of less star
quality like Richard Hamilton and Chris Bosh. Caron Butler has the gripping
back-story and charisma to make this weekend his coming-out party, but he's hurt
and can't play Sunday.

After LeBron James, the East's biggest name probably is Kevin Garnett -- and he
was in the West a year ago.

Dwyane Wade, who seemed to take the Jordan Heir label from Bryant in the Finals
two years ago, comes to New Orleans as a player with the worst team record in
all-star history.

Gilbert Arenas's likeness shows up in a mural at the Sheraton Hotel here, but
it's false advertising; Arenas stayed in Washington to rehabilitate his injured
knee. Rasheed Wallace had vacation plans and seemed genuinely disappointed that
Stern dug his tired, old body out of the attic to show up and play an exhibition
for money.

The entire conference resembles the NFC. Detroit and Boston are the East's
Dallas and Green Bay, and no one fears either of them in the playoffs.

Out West, it's a complete embarrassment of riches. If Kidd goes to Dallas, the
NBA's six most accomplished floor leaders will be in one conference. Nash. Chris
Paul. Deron Williams. Baron Davis. Tony Parker. The West is so deep, Davis and
Williams weren't even named to the all-star team. Neither was Tracy McGrady.

Nine teams are on pace for 50 or more wins. Houston, the hottest team in the
league, has won eight in a row and 12 of its last 13. During that stretch the
Rockets barely moved up, from 10th to ninth, in the playoff picture. Yet their
32-20 record would make them the third seed in the East.

An almost unreal statistic told the story of the Eastern Conference on Friday.
Heading into this week, Southeast Division teams (Orlando, Washington,
Charlotte, Atlanta) had lost a combined 28 straight games. The hex was broken
when the Bobcats beat the Hawks, because someone had to win.

What these discrepancies in winning and losing among conferences lead to, of
course, is a forecasted repeat of last season. San Antonio and Phoenix
essentially played for the NBA championship during their bloody, six-game
Western Conference semifinal scrap that featured suspensions, controversy and
the reemergence of Tim Duncan and the Spurs as a bona fide, if biennial,
dynasty.

After LeBron's surreal Game 5 showing against Detroit, the postseason flamed
out. The Spurs' four-game sweep over Cleveland felt almost as inconsequential as
the millionaires dunking and laughing and honoring corporate-sponsorship
commitments this weekend.

The good news is the West could outdo the drama and theater of its 2007
postseason. Every first-round series has seven-game potential. Golden State,
which rocked top-seeded Dallas's world a year ago, might not even qualify this
year. If Kidd goes to the Mavericks, his former conference will be left wanting
for talent and celebrity again.

It's enough for any provincial fan to telephone Agent Zero, to tell Gilbert
Arenas the East needs his help. Now.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             March 7, 2006 Tuesday

Legislators always find a way to finagle that free lunch

BYLINE: Ronald L. Littlepage

SECTION: Ronald L. Littlepage; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 421 words


Today begins the two-month period when the American ideal of life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness is most in danger.

Why?

Because the Legislature is back in session.

OK. I stole that line from a university professor well known for commenting on
government affairs.

She was joking.

I'm not.

What's that sound coming from the halls of the Capitol?

Growling stomachs.

There really is no such thing as a free lunch for legislators this year, thanks
to a tough law they passed during a special session last December banning
lawmakers from accepting gifts from lobbyists.

Oh, wait a minute.

They've already found a way around that.

The Tallahassee Democrat reported last week that four state senators, after a
tough day in South Florida, decided to treat themselves to dinner and wine at
the famous Joe's Stone Crab restaurant in Miami Beach.

In the past, lobbyists would have rushed over to pick up the tab, but rather
than pinch their own pockets, the Democrat said, two of the senators reached
into their soft-money accounts to pay the bill.

Who pours money into those soft-money accounts?

Special interests, of course.

Such extravagance to sate the hungry stomachs of legislators provides a
particularly telling backdrop for an important issue the Legislature will be
dealing with this spring -- affordable housing.

Affordable housing used to be known as subsidized housing when the issue
affected mostly the poor.

It goes by the gentler name now because even middle-class families are
struggling as house prices and rental rates soar and income stagnates.

In many parts of the state, folks such as police officers, firefighters and
teachers can't afford to live in the counties in which they work.

And don't look now, but that trend is beginning to happen in Jacksonville as
well.

One pot of money set up to help with affordable housing is funded with the
documentary stamp taxes placed on real estate sales.

But guess what.

Legislators and Gov. Jeb Bush thought too much money was going into that fund so
they capped it and siphoned off the money to pay for other programs.

Local governments, faced with a growing housing crisis, are asking legislators
to lift that cap so more money can be put into affordable housing programs.

While also mulling over whether to hand out an additional $1.5 billion in tax
cuts, bringing the total during Bush's two terms to more than $20 billion while
many of the state's needs have gone unmet, will the legislators' answer be let
them eat cake while we dine on crab?

ron.littlepage@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4284

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 2, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The Critic Gets His Licks In;
The Post's David Segal Finagles His Ultimate Rock Band Fantasy

BYLINE: David Segal, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1534 words


I heard plenty of free advice when I told friends that my favorite band would
let me play a couple songs at a concert in Philadelphia. When you're done, smash
your guitar, recommended a pal. No, light it on fire, suggested another. Better
yet, light the bass player's guitar on fire. Or show up without pants.

My own plan was simpler. I wanted to emerge with a shred of dignity and a
first-hand yarn about sharing a stage with Guided by Voices, a quintet from
Dayton, Ohio, and makers of some of the finest guitar rock I've ever had the
pleasure to mainline. As The Washington Post's pop music critic, I was able to
live out an age-old fantasy -- the one where you wail and flail with your
heroes. Which is why on Saturday night I found myself standing just offstage at
the Trocadero, a former burlesque club in downtown Philly, frantically trying to
tune my Fender Stratocaster.

It wasn't going well. Because I'm a barely competent musician, my otherwise
trusty six-string was a sorry pastiche of flat and sharp notes. I had plugged
the instrument into an electronic tuner, but even this handy machine -- which
flashes green when you locate the right tone -- wasn't helping. And suddenly, as
I fumbled for dear life and a little harmony, I heard lead singer Robert Pollard
introduce me to the crowd, at least 500 fans strong.

"Hey kids, we want to bring out a friend of ours," Pollard announced. Guitar in
hand, I headed into the lights.

My concert career to this moment could be charitably described as "dreadful."
For five years in the early '90s, I sang and played rhythm guitar in a cover
band whose speciality was reworking tunes that had already been reworked by
others. (We handled Social Distortion's take on Johnny Cash's classic "Ring of
Fire," for instance.) We imitated the imitators. We were meta-derivative.

Every Sunday, we rehearsed in the basement of a group house in Mount Pleasant,
to the great chagrin of my roommates as well as my next-door neighbor at the
time, Judith Martin, better known as the nationally syndicated etiquette
columnist, Miss Manners. She's on record as saying the nicest thing anyone has
ever uttered about the group: "Turn it down, please."

It didn't help that we were nearly devoid of talent, or that our drummer liked
to play in his underwear. ("It's my shtick," he explained as we started a show.)
The fun was listening to friends search for anything to say about us that wasn't
either hurtful or dishonest. Only my mother, visiting one weekend, left off the
varnish.

"You're terrible," she said, sincerely aghast after a performance at the Grog &
Tankard. "You can't sing. Why do you do this?"

We disbanded years ago, but the urge to windmill on a stage dies hard. Blaring
some Guided by Voices in my car a few weeks ago, I had this thought: Maybe these
guys would let me slink onstage for a few minutes. I'd sell it to the group, and
my editors, as a George Plimptonesque exercise in participatory journalism.
Instead of throwing a football with the Detroit Lions, I'd play rhythm with GBV.

"I'll run it by Bob," said David Newgarden, the band's manager, when I called.
He sounded highly skeptical, but a mere 15 minutes later he phoned back with the
news that Pollard -- also the songwriter and only continuous member of the band
-- was into it. "Give him a call at home," Newgarden said.

Pollard's thumbs up wasn't a shock. A former fourth-grade teacher who is almost
madly prolific, Pollard is the least stuffy of pop virtuosos, and his band,
though adored by critics, has never won the cover-of-Rolling Stone acclaim that
it would have earned years ago in a saner, 'N Sync-less world. "The Beatles on
Budweiser," as the band has been tagged, is the life's work of Pollard, a man
beloved in alternative rock circles for his bottomless stockpile of melodies and
nonsense lyrics about drinking, UFOs and tigers. (The curious should check out
"Isolation Drills," GBV's latest release, and then work back to "Bee Thousand,"
a basement-made treasure from 1994.) No one has ever accused the band of taking
itself too seriously. For years, Pollard would allow the overzealous at his
shows to commandeer the microphone for a chorus or two. I had a hunch he'd
embrace my concept.

"What do you want to play?" he asked when I called. We settled on "Glad Girls,"
the first single from "Isolation Drills" and a song so buoyant with mid-'60s
fizz that not even I could flatten it. "You should learn 'Alone, Stinking and
Unafraid,' too," he said, "because we always play those together."

Amazingly, Pollard didn't ask if I could play guitar.

On Saturday night, I was walking down a street in Philadelphia, my guitar in one
hand, my amp in the other, looking for the Trocadero. "Who are you playing
with?" wondered a guy I'd asked for directions.

"Guided by Voices," I said.

"Oh, I love you guys. I saw you a few years ago."

I nodded like I had been there. I arrived for sound check at 5 p.m. and found
the band in mid-song. The Troc is a refurbished throwback of a club, a
semicircle with balconies and red velvet trim, like an old British theater. The
place was empty except for a couple of friends of the band.

"That you, Dave?" Pollard asked from onstage. "C'mon up and we'll try this
thing."

I lugged my equipment onstage, plopped my amp near the drum kit and plugged in.
The other members of the band -- bassist Tim Tobias, rhythm guitarist Nate
Farley, drummer Jon McCann and lead guitarist Doug Gillard -- were as friendly
as Pollard, whom I'd met a few times over the years, mostly by buffaloing my way
backstage.

There was a mild panic as I realized the actual chords to "Alone" were different
from the ones I'd plucked off the Internet. And I was having a hellish time
keeping my guitar in tune. "It's probably because it just came in from the
cold," said Gillard, as we fiddled for the right notes. That's probably a
charitable explanation.

After dinner, I returned to the club and headed backstage, hoping to answer a
perennial question: What do bands do right before they play? In GVB's case, they
drink beer, smoke cigarettes, chat with their girlfriends and needle critics for
using big words in their reviews ("Hyper Bowl?" Pollard joked, intentionally
mispronouncing hyperbole. "We've never even played at the Hyper Bowl.") When it
was showtime, all five grabbed fresh Bud Lights and headed to the stage,
bringing cheers from the crowd, which suddenly seemed enormous to me. My songs
were a good 45 minutes into the set, so I watched from the side. There, my
jitters turned into something close to terror as I grasped the full mess I'd
made of my guitar -- and that my moment had just arrived.

I don't remember exactly what Pollard said as I plugged in, but it was something
about the story I was writing, something about George Plimpton and something
about playing with your idols. ("Get off the stage," someone yelled, not yet in
the spirit of the moment.)

I took a practice strum, which immediately alerted Gillard, a gifted musician
and then my best friend on Earth, that I needed help. He reached for the Strat's
tuning pegs and had her singing in key within 20 seconds. That's a bit like your
dad walking onstage to tie your shoe laces. But I couldn't have been more
grateful.

"Do you mind if I windmill?" I asked just before we got underway.

"You can do anything you like," Gillard replied.

"Alone" starts with a quiet trill of finger-picking and then erupts into a
locomotive of slightly off-kilter chords. By the time the song was rolling, I
felt like I was clinging to a noisy machine hurtling at 120 miles an hour.
Gillard helpfully remained angled so I could keep an eye on the chords, and made
room for me to share his microphone, too. We co-sang "Alone's" cryptic backup
line: "This time the world did / What it told me it would."

There was applause and then Pollard crashed straight into "Glad Girls." For the
first time, I noticed the crowd, which was hopping up and down. I tried to sing
some more, but I couldn't hear myself until we got to the "woo-woo" part in the
bridge. In eight minutes, it was all over. I saluted Bob, shook hands with Tim
and gushed gratitude to Doug. Only then did I realize that I'd forgotten to
windmill.

I waded back into the crowd. As I watched the rest of the show, a man with a red
cap, long scarf and -- inexplicably -- a dog snout strapped to his face
sauntered by and pointed with both hands, the international "you the man" sign.
Strangers offered high-fives. A grinning, gap-toothed lad asked about the
after-party.

"I'm not actually in the band," I explained.

"Yeah, but you know where the after-party is," he countered.

"I really don't."

"Yes, you do," he said, still grinning.

"I really don't."

"Sure you do," he said.

I really didn't. If there was an after-party, the band didn't invite me.

Of course, you can't expect all the vices of rock stardom after a single cameo.
But as I wind down from a few of the most exhilarating moments of my life, I'll
do what I can to extend the artificial high of my brief stint as a pop impostor.
Next week, just for the hell of it, I'm checking into rehab.

Heckle David Segal online at noon at www.washingtonpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  January 31, 1995 Tuesday METRO FINAL EDITION

49ERS CAN DOMINATE NFL IN THE '90S

BYLINE: BYLINE: Bob Sansevere, STAFF COLUMNIST

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: Miami


Every time a team wins the Super Bowl, a question comes up. The same question.

Every time.

Can they repeat?

That's too easy a question this time around. Of course the San Francisco 49ers
can repeat.

The real question now is, how many times?

As long as Steve Young is throwing and Jerry Rice is catching and Carmen Policy
has a calculator in front of him to finagle the salary cap, this team can win.
And win. And win.

This is a team that has a chance to dominate the National Football League like
no team before.

This can be the Team of the Late '90s. Maybe even the Team of the Early '00s.
Even if Jerry Rice goes through with his feeble threat to retire, the Niners
will be the team to beat next season. And the season after. And ...

Even now, less than 48 hours after the Niners spanked the San Diego Chargers
49-26 in Super Bowl XXIX, there's probably a line of players and their agents
forming outside Policy's office.

Every player wants to win a Super Bowl, and by now, every player in the NFL
knows his best chance is as a member of the 49ers.

Deion Sanders could have gotten more money from New Orleans, but he went to San
Francisco. He knew.

Rickey Jackson went to San Francisco for the league minimum and the promise he
would get a $838,000 bonus if the team made it to the Super Bowl. He knew.

As the season wore on, everyone knew.

Free agency and a salary cap, which theoretically should level the playing
field, gave the 49ers a huge advantage in signing talent.

Take Ken Norton Jr. He won two Super Bowls with the Dallas Cowboys but saw the
balance of power shifting. The Cowboys were losing players to free agency.
Meantime, the 49ers were adding them. Norton wanted another ring. He went to San
Francisco, and he got it.

"This organization really did what it took to get us all here, and it's
fantastic to be part of a special thing like this," Norton said.

If you're a player, why would you want to go anywhere else?

Besides having one of the greatest quarterbacks ever throwing to the greatest
wide receiver ever, the 49ers have a reputation for treating their players like
no other team does.

The last time the Niners won a Super Bowl, owner Eddie DeBartolo flew everyone -
coaches, players, everyone - to Hawaii for the ring ceremony. He also gave his
players and coaches spending money, gifts for their wives and a line of credit
at a department store.

The Niners fly a bigger jet than other teams. Players get a room to themselves
on the road.

Say you're a Pro Bowl-caliber player who's a free agent. A dozen teams want you,
including the 49ers. Why would you sign with a team like, say, the Vikings, who
are too cheap to spend all their cap money and have a coach who never even gives
you the courtesy of a telephone call when he cuts you? Why do that when you can
sign with the Niners and go first class?

Sanders was courted by several teams. The Saints. The Dolphins. The Chiefs. All
of them would have given him more money up front than the Niners did.

But Deion, like a lot of players out there, knew better. He knew if he went to a
team that won the Super Bowl, he would still make a bundle of money, if only in
endorsements.

"I told you guys from Day One that I was going to go with the team that best
presented me with the opportunity to win a ring," Sanders said. "And now I look
like a genius with the decision I made."

There are plenty of others out there who want to look like geniuses, too.
Bob Sansevere's column regularly appears Sundays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturdays.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday

If Texas stumbles Saturday, it has no shot at top spot

BYLINE: Kirk Bohls, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 677 words


Here's the cold, hard facts for Texas: win this week's Big 12 championship game,
and it will be hello, Rose Bowl.

Lose to Colorado and -- assuming the Earth doesn't fall off its axis -- the
Longhorns could fall to the Orange Bowl or possibly as far down the pecking
order as the Cotton Bowl.

That is, if Texas doesn't immediately give up football. In short, there's a lot
on the line Saturday.

In all likelihood, if Texas loses, it would suffer a severe backlash at the
ballot box. Many voters would love to punish the Longhorns for using their
considerable influence and Mack Brown's bully pulpit to finagle California out
of a Rose Bowl berth last year. Never mind they were better than the Bears (see
the 2004 Holiday Bowl).

The coaches and the Harris polls form a huge two-thirds of the BCS formula, and
it's easy to imagine voters dropping Texas to sixth or lower with a defeat by
7-4 Colorado.

And while a one-loss Texas would pay dearly, a one-loss Southern Cal might
survive and remain in the Rose Bowl picture because the Trojans are the darlings
of the national media as the two-time defending national champions.

In short, Texas would be punished because of the past, and USC would be rewarded
for the past.

"If Texas loses, I don't see any way they get to the Rose Bowl," BCS expert
Jerry Palm said Monday. "It would take a beating in the polls."

Palm feels the same could hold true for USC if the Trojans fall to a one-loss
UCLA this weekend, although the opinion here is that they could remain in the
top four in the Bowl Championship Series standings and lock up a spot. "If UCLA
beats USC," Palm says, "how do you not vote UCLA ahead of them if they beat them
at their place? Southern Cal would need chaos or the undying love of the voters,
but there wouldn't be the same love affair with USC if they get beat by a team
that's not getting much respect. Besides, there's a contingent of voters who are
sick of seeing USC."

Texas could guarantee itself a BCS bowl bid if it drops no lower than fourth and
plays in the Orange or Sugar, but Palm bets Ohio State would trump Texas as an
at-large because of a bigger traveling fan base and stronger TV market in
Chicago.

If both Texas and USC fall on Saturday, however, bet on Penn State vs. Louisiana
State in the Rose Bowl. If just one of them falters, pencil in Joe Paterno in
Pasadena.

Nebraska backed into the Rose Bowl game against Miami in 2001 even though it
didn't even qualify for its own Big 12 championship game after getting thrashed
by Colorado in the regular-season finale. The Buffaloes upset Texas in the
league title game and bumped the Longhorns from the Rose.

The BCS suffered negative repercussions when Oklahoma reached the BCS title game
in the Sugar Bowl in 2003 despite losing badly to Kansas State in the Big 12
championship game. USC, not OU, should have played LSU in New Orleans.

"I think the BCS was really embarrassed by that," said Texas defensive end Brian
Robison. "I don't feel like they would let us lose and still get into the
national championship game."

Many, including myself, thought it should be written in the BCS bylaws that a
team must win its own conference championship to qualify for the national title.
When Mack Brown was asked his opinion Monday, the Longhorn coach chuckled and
said, "I'm not going to comment until after Saturday."

Do the Longhorns think they'd still have a shot at the Rose Bowl, even with a
loss Saturday?

"I doubt it," said safety Michael Huff.

"I doubt that we'd go," tailback Ramonce Taylor said. "I don't plan on not
winning. But the BCS system is so weird. We'd still be the best one-loss team in
the nation."

Lower-ranked teams have leapfrogged other teams to reach the championship game
before. That 2001 Nebraska team and 2003 LSU club were both rated No. 3 but
profited from other losses and their own strength of schedule and computer
strength. A No. 4 Florida State qualified for the final pairing in 1998.

Upsets do happen.

"The only way Texas makes the BCS," Palm said, "is if they're automatic."

kbohls@statesman.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Quarterback Vince Young outruns Michigan's Ernest Shazor during the
fourth quarter of UT's Rose Bowl victory last Jan. 1. A Rose Bowl return for
Texas is entirely dependant on beating Colorado Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Is Fisker trying to get his old car company back?

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 875 words


Fisker has a few friends: Fisker Automotive, maker of the dormant Karma electric
luxury car, might be on life support, but where there's a pulse there's hope.
The Sleuth hears that founder Henrik Fisker, who is no longer associated with
his namesake operation, is teaming up with Hong Kong super-rich guy Richard Li
to acquire the company.

There are, however, a number of hurdles to cross, such as dealing with the
outstanding $171 million US loan that Fisker Automotive owes the U.S. Department
of Energy. Interestingly, this is not the only deal percolating over the
automaker's future. Chinese auto parts maker Wanxiang Group and former GM
executive Bob Lutz are reportedly offering $20 million for Fisker Automotive's
assets after it emerges from a pre-arranged bankruptcy. The plot thickens, since
Lutz is also associated with another investor type to turn the Fisker Karma into
a super-quick sedan sporting a 638-horsepower Corvette-based engine. Stay tuned.

.Acura looks beyond North America for new customers: The Sleuth managed to
finagle an invite to the official launch of the 2014 Acura MDX luxury wagon in
Portland, Ore., and the corporate biggies weren't shy when conversation
eventually came around to taking this upscale Honda division global.

Remember, Acura was designated as a North American brand that doesn't exist
elsewhere, which is rather shocking when you think about how big the global
playing field is. The Sleuth has learned that shipments of Acura vehicles to
such places as Eastern Europe, Asia and the Middle East would likely begin with
the all-new NSX sports car that will be built in Ohio. This move makes perfect
sense since the original NSX was the car that firmly established Acura as a
luxury contender in the United States and Canada back in 1991.

(Around the globe, however, it was called a Honda). Acura will follow Toyota's
Lexus and Nissan's upscale Infiniti divisions that have also gone global.

. Another small one for Lexus: It appears to The Sleuth that Toyota's downsized
luxury lineup will soon expand. The Sneaky One recently caught a glimpse of a
compact tall wagon based on the current CT200h hybrid and ultimately sees it
emerging as a junior-sized RX350 with both gasoline-only and gas-electric
propulsion similar to that of the RX.

Although the test vehicle appeared similar to the CT200h, it's presumed that the
finished product that's due to emerge about two years hence will have its own
distinctive appearance and should be measurably larger as well. The spy guy is
also hoping that the Whatever-it's-Called will also be significantly gutsier
than the slow-moving CT200h.

. A Fast and Furious sales bump? The Sleuth hears that Fiat-controlled Chrysler
is hoping that its association with the sixth installment of the Fast and
Furious movie franchise will help speed up popularity of the automaker's Dodge
Dart compact sedan. The car doesn't figure in Fast 6 (in theatres now), but the
Dart's latest advertising campaign uses F6 movie clips to promote the vehicle,
which is currently ranked well down on the list of competing models headed by
the Toyota Corolla, Honda Civic, Ford Focus, Hyundai Elantra and Chevy Cruze.

In this instance, The Sleuth is skeptical that the ad connection alone will
nudge the sales needle upward for the Dart, but he is convinced that the
Challenger SRT's supporting role in the movie will result in extra showroom
action for that potent pony car.

. Shocking number of beaters on the road: If, like The Sleuth, you have noticed
a surfeit of vehicles on the road lately that appear as though they've seen much
better days, you're probably right. According to a recent survey conducted by
CouponCodes4u.com, 35 per cent of respondents who owned a car stated their
vehicle was probably unsafe to drive and a further 18 per cent weren't sure of
their car's condition as it relates to safety. That leaves just 47 per cent of
car-owning respondents claiming they're piloting a safe car (assuming they're
actually correct, of course).

The most common reason given by respondents was that they couldn't afford to fix
their cars or replace them with new or newer models. There's so much emphasis
these days on incremental safety gains, but what good is all that if people
can't maintain their rides?

. Detroit's summer break: With steadily rising demand for products, large and
small, the traditional two-week furlough of North American autoworkers during
the summer months is being reduced to one week, or in some cases eliminated.

The two-week furlough used to occur when vehicle production switched from the
current model year to the next, but the flexibility of production lines whereby
more than one type or version of car can be built almost at the same time has
allowed the lines to keep running.

. OnStar more than holding its own: Unbeknown to most folks, General Motors'
assistance desk and concierge service has become quite the profit centre for the
automaker since its launch in 1995, with 5.7 million subscribers throughout
North America.

According to GM boss Dan Akerson, OnStar should become even more profitable
starting in 2014 when it teams up with AT&T to provide high speed 4G wireless
connectivity for its users ... for an extra fee, of course.

wheelbasemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andre J. Jackson, Detroit Free Press; Henrik Fisker introduces the
Karma at the Detroit Auto Show in 2009. The Fisker founder, who left the company
last year, is reportedly looking to reacquire the firm.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday

Blue state blues: Minn. GOP Rep. Garofalo worries DFLers might finagle permanent
majority status

BYLINE: Kevin Featherly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1768  words


Pat Garofalo is frustrated, and not a little worried. Worried that the DFL
dominance that has rendered him "meaningless" as a five-term member of the state
House of Representatives may transform Minnesota permanently and lopsidedly into
a blue state.

Like all legislators with more than a few sessions under their belts -- he was
first elected in 2004 -- Garofalo, 41, has seen the House change hands several
times. During his freshman term, he was a majority member. During his second and
third, the DFL was in charge, until they lost the House before he entered his
fourth term. This term he again works in the minority.

History, therefore, would suggest the House would flip again. But a recent
conversation with was dominated by Garofalo's concern that DFLers may become
embedded as Minnesota's constant majority.

"There always have been and there always will be more Democrats in Minnesota
than Republicans," Garofalo says. "The question is will we go back to that
shared government model, where both sides are at the table? Or are we going the
route of California, Illinois, Rhode Island, where one party just has total
control?"

He worries that the era of balanced government is over with, a fear rooted in
his idea that "a majority of the state is invested in the success of the
Democrat Party. " Regardless of the repercussions of the DFL's legislative
decisions -- and he is no fan of the ones they've made this session -- the
electorate might "just continue voting for them," he says.

Around the nation, Garofalo points out, political parties are regionalizing,
party identification is solidifying, and people generally are less likely to
vote split tickets. "They are less likely to see the value of balance in
government," he says.

Whether he has tapped into a national trend is a debate for cable TV pundits. As
it relates to Minnesota, Garofalo is something of a voice in the wilderness. He
admits he has rarely heard discussion inside the Capitol along these lines, and
observers like University of Minnesota political science professor Larry Jacobs
see no indication Minnesota is destined to become a Midwestern California.

Regardless, Garofalo clearly does not intend to go gentle into that good night.
He has been among of the sharpest and most vocal critics of DFL policies and
proposals during the session that just ended.

When the House proposed its $2.6 billion tax bill in April, he expressed
mortification, calling it "a disturbing bill. " Some tax increases were expected
from DFLers when they took charge of the Legislature, he acknowledged to his
opponents. "But never did we think it would be this large and this big. "

Later during same the month, he chose even sharper language: "No state in the
country is advancing more anti-business, anti-private-sector legislation than
the state of Minnesota. "

A former chair of the House Education Finance Committee, Garofalo refocused his
legislative priorities on energy this session, becoming the GOP lead on the
Energy Policy committee. He thinks Minnesota could compete in the burgeoning
natural gas industry if the industry was allowed to take root.

However, instead of easing a path for the industry, Garofalo says, Democrats
have proposed a yearlong moratorium and a big tax increase on silica sand
mining, which Garofalo sees as Minnesota's entree into a new job-producing
industry.

"So while you have other states that are incentivizing energy production trying
to profit from the fracking [hydraulic fracturing] revolution that is taking
place," he says. "Democrats are proposing taxing the industry out of existence.
"

Out of balance

Garofalo doesn't sound much like the guy who entered office almost a decade ago
pressing for increased bipartisan cooperation, a tack that helped earn him the
Politics in Minnesota Freshman Legislator of the Year award in 2006. But
Garofalo says he has not grown more bitterly partisan over the years. He is
simply concerned about the prospects for good governance in the face of
single-party domination.

"You have a complete lack of balance," Garofalo says. "And when you shut off
half of the state from having any input in the decision-making process, you end
up with a bad process. "

It would be no better, he says, if Republicans held down both legislative houses
and the governorship -- though he admits he might find that arrangement a little
less frustrating. But he is equally candid when he says, "The only thing that
scares me more than the Democrats having total control of our state would be the
Republicans having total control of the state. You don't want one party to have
total control. "

Rep. Steve Simon (DFL-Hopkins), who entered the Legislature with Garofalo in
2004, sees such arguments as consistent with what he calls Garofalo's
independent-minded conservatism. The fact that he has been critical of Democrats
does not detract from that, says Simon, who points out that Garofalo still
co-chairs the cooperation-minded orientation program for incoming freshman
legislators.

"His role as a strong advocate for his beliefs or his party is not necessarily
at odds with his role in bipartisan activities like orientation," says Simon,
the program's other co-chair. "The whole idea of orientation is, we tell folks,
'Look, you can disagree without being disagreeable, and we can have real intense
differences of opinion on the floor and yet not personalize it and never be
friends. '"

Adds Simon: "He is not attacking anyone's mother or anything like that. He is a
passionate, strong advocate, but I think he draws appropriate lines. "

A cop's instincts

If Garofalo sees himself as a force for fairness and equity in the system, the
trait might be genetic. He springs from a family of St. Paul cops, and intended
to become a police officer himself. He majored in law enforcement and even got
certified by the state Board of Peace Officers Standards and Training. But he
abandoned the idea when his wife Julie unexpectedly became pregnant with their
first child.

"It just immediately changed my perspective," he says. "That wasn't something I
wanted to risk my family going through. It's a very tough job that those men and
women have to deal with. "

Instead he became an information technology network engineer, a job that he has
maintained as a legislator.

Garofalo figures he caught a lucky break being born when he was. Were he a young
man fresh out of college today and similarly thinking of changing careers, he
doubts the path would be open to him. He worries that such options might not
available to his own children, the oldest of whom just entered college.

That's one reason Garofalo fears a permanent DFL majority. It would help
solidify a set of mismatched liberal values and funding priorities that would
not meet the economic realities of the future workforce, he insists.

"If you're borrowing money to invest in yourself for obsolete skill sets, that's
not a good investment," he says. "Meanwhile there is a shortage of people
majoring in chemical engineering and geology, but higher education institutions
have shut those colleges down because they are seen as politically incorrect. "

Setting macroeconomics aside, neither Jacobs nor Simon thinks that Garofalo has
much to worry about, at least as it relates to a permanent DFL majority. "It
just is not what is going on in Minnesota," Jacobs says.

The stars aligned for Democrats in 2012, Jacobs says, with a weakened,
disorganized and financially troubled Republican Party battling a resurgent
Democratic Party that had a popular president atop its ticket, running against a
Republican challenger with little traction in Minnesota. The only other 2010
statewide race pitted a little-known Republican, Kurt Bills, against popular
incumbent DFL U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar. Bills lost by 35 percent.

That offered little down-ballot support to Republican candidates, Jacobs says.
But such a scenario is unlikely to play out again in 2014, he says: "Probably
what we are going to see in 2014 is a more conservative Republican electorate
than we saw in 2012. "

Simon's views are similar. "I have to say that the Minnesota House of
Representatives is reliably competitive," he says. "And I think that that
description will endure for a while. "

Right or wrong, Simon sees Garofalo's theories about a permanent DFL majority as
evidence that he is a serious thinker who works issues out for himself. He
points to an op-ed Garofalo wrote several years ago in which he declared himself
a "pro-transit conservative," something not a lot of Republicans say about
themselves.

Early in the current session, Garofalo stood with Rep. Ann Rest (DFL-New Hope)
to pitch a plan that would award Minnesota's 10 electoral college votes to
whichever presidential candidate wins the popular vote. The idea went nowhere,
though Garofalo still likes the idea. "Minnesota gets screwed under the current
system," he says.

Another sign of Garofalo's independence was his May 9 vote in favor of the
marriage equality bill. Until nearly the final hour, Garofalo pledged to vote
against the bill, but changed his mind when language was inserted that he says
helped guarantee religious freedoms.

Simon does not want to discuss why Garofalo might have cast that vote, saying a
Democrat's praise would only serve to get Garofalo in trouble with his GOP
caucus. But previously, Simon publicly called it an act of bravery.

"[Garofalo] doesn't get as much credit as he deserves for being an independent
thinker," Simon says. "He is in a category by himself. "

The Garofalo File

Name: Pat Garofalo

Job: Member, Minnesota House of Representatives (fifth term)

Committees: GOP lead, Energy Policy; Property and Local Tax Division; Taxes

Grew up in: Lakeville

Lives in: Farmington

Education: Rosemount High School. B.S., law enforcement and political science,
Minnesota State University--Mankato.

Family: Married to Julie, a public school kindergarten teacher; two children.

Hobbies: In his spare time he enjoys running, playing chess and reading --mostly
fiction.

Interesting trivia: Garofalo briefs flirted with giving up his House seat in
2011 to run for Dakota County commissioner, but changed his mind.

In case you were wondering: Garofalo states definitively that he will not run
for governor as a Republican in 2014. But how about after that? "I would love
the opportunity to serve this state in a bigger capacity than I have right now,"
he says. "But at this stage of my life, I have a wife and kids to take care, and
that is more important. "

<a href="http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 8, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE NATION;
In California, Political Prestidigitation

BYLINE: By SUSAN F. RASKY

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 4;  Column 1;  Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1077 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, Calif.


HOW swiftly and smoothly Dick Gephardt and Newt Gingrich accomplished it in
Washington. A few gracious words, a symbolic passing of the gavel and, presto
change-o, a new House Speaker and an end to 40 years of Democratic rule.

Here in California, political revolution is proving a little more complicated
and a great deal more entertaining. Two months after Republicans gained narrow
control of the 80-member State Assembly and a day before the Republican
Governor, Pete Wilson, is to deliver the State of the State address in its
ornate green chamber, just who will run the place, and how, remains an open
question.

This much is certain: Assemblyman James Brulte, the southern California
Republican who led his party to legislative victory on Nov. 8, is further from
the Speakership now than he was the day after the election. And Willie Brown,
the Democrat who has held the powerful Speaker's job for 14 years, the fellow
whose party lost the Assembly after controlling it for nearly two and a half
decades, has so outwitted and outmaneuvered his Republican colleagues that, at
the very least, the Democrats will be sharing power with them.

In an age when the raw exercise of power is thought to be unseemly, Willie Brown
manipulates with panache and without apology.

"If Gephardt had done for the Democrats in Washington what Willie Brown is doing
for the Democrats here, they'd be naming buildings after him," said Assemblyman
Richard Katz, a Brown ally.

Last Hurrah?

Maybe. But the comparison barely does justice to what Mr. Brown is trying to
orchestrate. Not only does he want a power-sharing arrangement, but he wants it
to last for two years. Mr. Brulte and the Republicans think all bets should be
off once somebody's faction can win 41 votes and elect a Speaker.

At another level, the Brown-Brulte deadlock is the last and perhaps grandest
political flourish in the extraordinary 30-year Assembly career of Willie Lewis
Brown Jr. As a boy, he cleaned spittoons in the barbershops of Mineola, Tex. As
a teen-ager, he followed a charismatic uncle to San Francisco, put himself
through law school and went on to the mastery of politics. Representative Maxine
Waters, a Los Angeles Democrat, described him as "the only militant black man"
in America to lead a white-dominated legislature. He won't for long, though,
regardless of what happens in the struggle with Mr. Brulte.

Term limits approved by California voters in 1990 will take full effect at the
end of 1996, removing from the Assembly both Mr. Brown and Mr. Brulte, who has
been there only a few years, and anyone else who arrived before 1992. Mr. Brown
says that is what makes the power-sharing agreement so important, because it can
shape the operations of the Assembly for the next decade during a time when
neither party is likely to be able to muster a governing majority.

The fact that this altruistic impulse should also coincide with Mr. Brown's own
career trajectory is not lost on the Assembly Republicans. There is in Willie
Brown some measure of Lyndon Johnson without the bullying, Bob Dole without the
bitterness and Jesse Jackson, whose presidential campaign he headed in 1988,
with more discipline, focus and political acumen.

Bob Connelly, chief administrative officer for the Assembly Rules Committee and
a longtime Brown aide, scoffs at the L.B.J. comparison. "Willie," he says,
"would have Lyndon Johnson's shorts."

Mr. Brown's reputation seems to have prolonged and complicated the power-sharing
talks. "You see," Mr. Katz explained, "Republicans are convinced they are
getting snookered somehow, even when they are not, because, on occasion, they
have been."

The machinations are less a power struggle than a grand comic opera with the
former Speaker as impresario. Take, for example, the Horcher Hijack.

Paul Horcher, until recently a disgruntled Republican Assemblyman from Southern
California, provided the crucial vote on Dec. 5 that allowed Mr. Brown to
capture 40 ballots for the Speakership and thus deprive Mr. Brulte of the 41 he
needs to claim the title. A deft move by Mr. Brown to encourage a Republican
renegade, but hardly rocket science.

The cunning came in keeping Mr. Horcher's defection and whereabouts a secret
until the last possible moment, not just from the Republicans, but from most
Democrats as well. When suspicious members of Mr. Brown's caucus flirted with
voting for a Republican Speaker, Mr. Brown called them into a lounge just off
the Assembly floor and produced the hitherto unseen Mr. Horcher, newly declared
an independent and eager to pledge his vote for Willie Brown.

Orange County Caper

Republicans have since mounted a recall effort against Mr. Horcher, which in
turn has launched Mr. Brown on his latest bit of political prestidigitation --
the Orange County Caper. In the month since Orange County declared itself
bankrupt, irate Orange County taxpayers have made no secret of their desire to
recall the local officials who were supposed to be overseeing the county's
ill-fated investment fund.

Less well known, until Brown allies began spreading the word last week, was the
fact that several Republican Assembly members who represent the area voted for
legislation that permitted the high-risk investments and received campaign
contributions from Wall Street firms that championed the legislation. Is it a
mere coincidence that Mr. Brown has suddenly developed a deep interest in Orange
County politics?

The parliamentary situation is now so booby-trapped in Mr. Brown's favor that
Republican legislators have been holed up in a hotel across the street from the
Capitol for the past several days, fearful that even appearing for a quorum call
would jeopardize whatever chances remain of keeping power out of his hands.

Late last week it became clear that the former Speaker was negotiating a
power-sharing arrangement not only with Mr. Brulte and those decamped in the
hotel, but with another Republican ensconced elsewhere. One reporter finally
demanded to know whether he had offered a Republican the Speakership. "I
wouldn't put it past me to do that," Mr. Brown replied.

Does that mean Willie Brown would actually take himself out of the running for
Speaker simply to deprive Mr. Brulte of the post? Not exactly, says Gayle
Kaufman, Brown's chief lieutenant. "He's never done anything that wasn't in his
best interest. He's just redefined what his best interest is on a regular
basis."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Republicans won a majority in California's Assembly, but the
Democratic Speaker, Willie Brown, right, may still finagle a power-sharing
arrangement with the Republican assemblyman, James Brulte, left. (Bryan
Patrick/Sacramento Bee)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Bank Loan Report

                               November 24, 2008

Companies Eye More Buybacks As Debt Prices Fall

BYLINE: Richard Kellerhals

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 23 No. 45

LENGTH: 862  words


There seems to be a new motto among corporate borrowers: when the going gets
tough, the tough buy back their debt.

In other words, so much bank debt is trading at historically low levels, many
issuers are using excess cash to buy it back cheap now rather than pay investors
more later. And many market watchers predict that this will carry on into the
new year. This of course doesn't sit well with investors who want to get paid
back at prices where they make a profit.

"I absolutely hate [buybacks]. It violates the sanctity of a contract," said a
Boston-based investor. "My guess is that we're going to see more of them."

Almost all credit agreements have clauses that deny borrowers the option of
simply buying back their debt whenever they want. But, sources say, some
borrowers are trying to finagle these agreements to their favor.

"In most cases, the borrower has to go to its lenders-in this case the
institutional investors-and get all of their signatures in order to buy back
their debt. But no investor would agree to that right now, because the debt is
most likely trading at a lower level than when they bought it. That's basically
going to kill their return," a source said. "So what some borrowers are trying
to do is renegotiate their contracts so that, say, only 51% of the investors
have to agree to it. The borrower can get this done via an amendment."

Recent examples of companies seeking to amend their credit agreements include
AllisonTransmission, Rent-A-Center and Hanesbrands. Investors reportedly
rejected Hanesbrands' amendment, which would have allowed the Winston-Salem,
N.C.-based apparel company to buy back $200 million of its debt on the secondary
market. The amendment, which was led by Hanesbrands' underwriter, Citigroup,
required a 51% vote to pass. Allison Transmission is still seeking permission
from its investor group to buy back more than $700 million of its $3.1 billion
term loan B, which was syndicated by Citigroup. The Indianapolis-based automatic
transmission supplier has reportedly offered investors a 25 bps reward if they
grant the company its amendment. Rent-A-Center got the signatures it needed, but
it couldn't be determined what they gave investors in return. Some investors,
sources say, take the bait, such as the 25 bps, and agree to the amendment
because they simply want to reduce their exposure to a troubled credit.

However, not all buybacks are bad. Some investors say a buyback is fine as long
as the capital being used to buy back the debt is not coming from the company's
cash flow or from its revolver. New capital, typically from private equity
sponsors, is okay because the investors are usually compensated. Private equity
companies get a stake in the company in return.

"It really depends on where the capital is coming from. If [a borrower] is using
cash from a sponsor, then, yeah, it makes sense," said a San Francisco-based
investor.

The Boston-based investor added, "I really don't care who buys the debt. I'm a
free market guy. If some private equity sponsor wants to pony up the money, God
love them."

Sources say there is no data showing how many buybacks-private equity or
not-take place. However, according to Standard & Poor's Leveraged Commentary and
Data, as of Sept. 30, the number of companies seeking covenant relief stood at
89. There were only 39 borrowers seeking covenant relief in 2007, and 36 in
2006.

Because a company cannot simply go out and buy back its debt, it must first
amend its covenants, or seek covenant relief. Companies that try to get covenant
relief usually do so as their debt maturities approach. According to a Moody's
Investors Service report, about $86 billion of high yield corporate bonds and
leveraged loans will mature between 2008 and 2010, with 56% representing bank
loans and 44% representing corporate bonds. Of the $86 billion due to mature by
2010, $28 billion is due next year and $45 billion is due in 2010.

Canadian telecommunications giant BCE is one such company. It is looking to buy
back $1.95 billion of debt coming due in 2009 and 2010. The debt includes C$650
million in 7.35% senior unsecured notes maturing Oct. 30, 2009 and C$700 million
in 6.15% senior unsecured notes maturing August 12, 2010.

Buybacks could actually help bond and second-lien holders, because if a borrower
does buyback its debt, then it first must pay off the first-lien lenders. "If
you're a second-lien holder and they take out the first lien, that's good," said
the San Francisco investor. "Same goes if you're a bondholder and they take down
bank debt. It improves your position in the capital structure."

Furthermore, some buybacks, sources say, could provide a desperate market with
much-needed liquidity. "I prefer to see a borrower buyback their debt through
excess cash flow and make them pay us back at 100 cents on the dollar. If
they're not required to, and they want to provide liquidity to the market,
that's great," said a New York based investor, who went on to explain that
buybacks could put more cash in investors' wallets, thus adding more liquidity
to the market. "Unfortunately, the companies that should do that are not, and
the ones that should not are."

URL: http://www.bankloanreport.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: BLR


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            September 8, 2006 Friday
                                Michigan Edition

Fan and singer become friends in life and play

BYLINE: By HOWARD DUKES, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND; WEEKEND; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 457 words


SOUTH BEND -- Today, a fan would have to cut through layers of security guards,
publicists, handlers and various other hangers-on just to finagle a backstage
pass for a brief meeting with a star.

After a concert in 1961, however, a fan named Louise Seeger struck up a
friendship with country singer Patsy Cline, a friendship that became the basis
for "Always ... Patsy Cline," which opens today at Century Center's Bendix
Theater in a production by South Bend Civic Theatre.

"It was easier in 1961 for someone who was on the up and (coming) on the
celebrity list like Pasty Cline to be friendly with people," Mickey Hay says.

Still, Hay, who plays Seeger in Civic's production of "Always ... Patsy Cline,"
believes the fact that Cline was alone in the big city on the night Seeger saw
her created an opportunity. After a performance at a Houston honky-tonk, Cline
was by herself in an unfamiliar place. Cline didn't even know how to get back to
her hotel, Hay says.

"So Louise approached her," she says.

Cline's music clearly touched Seeger, Hay says, but once the two started to
talk, Cline's celebrity wasn't an obstacle to their getting to know each other.

"Their birthdays were only four months apart," Hay says. "They were close in
age, (so) they had a lot in common. Louise later on says it was like finding the
sister she never had."

The bulk of the show deals with that first meeting, according to Jeff Wilder,
co-director of the play along with J. Michael Johnson. Wilder and Johnson also
appear in the play as two members of the Jordanaires, Cline's backup vocalists.

The second act goes deeper into the correspondence between Cline and Seeger,
Wilder says.

Any play about a singer as great as Cline, however, also has to be about the
music. It was Cline's music that caught Seeger's attention, after all.

In Civic's production, Janet Shafer plays Cline and sings such songs as "Crazy,"
"I Fall to Pieces" and 25 other songs by Cline.

Wilder says Shafer remains onstage throughout the play.

"It's amazing how she was able to do it," he says.

Wilder says Shafer's character has 95 percent of the singing parts, and Hay's
character has 95 percent of the dialogue.

Hay listened to audio recordings of the dialogue while driving in her car.

Another challenge for Hay and Shafer, both daughters of the Midwest, is
mastering a Southern accent.

Shafer watched documentaries that included interviews with Cline. Hay also
watched videos and then practiced until she mastered the east Texas twang.

As for the singing, Shafer says she "listen(ed) to Patsy Cline over and over and
over again."

The hardest thing was trying to capture Cline's style.

"I probably won't sound exactly like her, but I do some of the same slides and
(hit) the notes the same way," she says.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Janet Shafer, right, and Mickey Hay rehearse a scene for South Bend
Civic Theatre's production of "Always ... Patsy Cline." Tribune Photo/SANTIAGO
FLORES  Onstage South Bend Civic Theatre presents "Always ... Patsy Cline" at 8
p.m. today, Saturday, Thursday and Sept. 15 and 16 and 2 p.m. Sept. 17 at the
Bendix Theater in Century Center, 120 S. St. Joseph St., South Bend. Tickets are
$16-$14. For more information, call (574) 234-1112, or visit www.sbct.org.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 31, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Outward Calm Attests to the Disruption of the City

BYLINE: By N. R. KLEINFIELD; Reporting for this article was contributed by Lydia
Polgreen, Eric Dash, Michael Luo, Kevin Flynn, Mary Spicuzza and John Holl.

SECTION: Section P; Column 2; National Desk; THE REPUBLICANS: THE CONVENTION IN
NEW YORK -- THE SCENE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1442 words


Emptier-than-normal commuter trains whisked through intensified security yet
pulled into the city largely on time. New Yorkers unable to finagle the week off
endured bomb-sniffing dogs and squads of inquisitive police officers in thickly
guarded Midtown Manhattan. Political agitators howled their dissent but kept
their protests from raging into violence.

As the visiting Republicans began to carry out their ordained business on the
opening day of the Republican National Convention yesterday, the city awoke and
dispensed with its own business with determined complacence, as if nothing more
than the Jaycees were in town.

For the most part, people uncomplainingly tolerated the expanse of closed
streets and insistent and pervasive security details. The morning rush was
remarkably light given the previous weeks of warning, with some commuters
getting to work earlier than normal because of reduced passenger loads.

Businesses, though, lamented what they found to be subdued traffic, and those
making deliveries faced a fair amount of travail. The New York Stock Exchange
recorded its lightest trading day of the year.

The outward, seemingly unruffled calm of the day, in a sense, spoke to how
disruptive the convention actually was to the city's entrenched rhythms. Warned
and warned again about the perils and peculiarities of the first-ever Republican
convention in this stubbornly Democratic city -- and in an age of heightened
terrorism -- many New Yorkers reconfigured their routines, staying home from
work, fleeing the city, closing businesses, all to sidestep potential chaos or
simple annoyance.

Even though the week preceding Labor Day is always a choice week to loll on the
beach, a summer Monday morning still seemed more like a winter Sunday.

During the lunch hour in Times Square, when it is usually a formidable challenge
to thread one's way through the sidewalks at faster than a crawl, the crowds
were so thin that it was possible to sprint a respectable 100 meters.

Thousands of people participated in scattered political demonstrations
throughout the city, without major disruption. A ''Poor People's March'' wended
from the United Nations to Madison Square Garden late in the afternoon, after
the police decided to allow it despite the lack of a permit.

But several Republican delegates found themselves confronted by aggressive and
profane protesters, who accosted them at hotels, theaters and restaurants.
[Article, Page P12.]

Because of the convention, a number of subway stations around the Garden were
closed, bus routes were altered and streets sealed off. Police officers managed
pedestrian traffic in Midtown, and security inspections were made on commuter
trains and subways.

Despite the interventions, the morning rush unspooled in a far tidier fashion
than anticipated. The Long Island Rail Road, Amtrak and New Jersey Transit did
experience some delays, but they were due to equipment problems unrelated to the
convention. New Jersey Transit said that its ridership was 40 percent below
normal, and the L.I.R.R. said its trains carried 10 to 15 percent fewer
passengers. Some motorists, though, complained of disruptive ordeals.

Officials at Pennsylvania Station, which sits beneath Madison Square Garden and
is one of the key commuter funnels into the city, had worried about underground
congestion, since all but two of the eight exits are closed for security
reasons. But passenger flow was light yesterday.

Ambling through the station at 6:30 a.m., Michael J. Gallagher, who is in charge
of operations at Penn Station, noticed that the station seemed emptier than
usual. As he walked to his office on the opposite side of the complex, he saw
that the New Jersey Transit ticketing area next door to his office was nearly
deserted. Momentarily confused, he said, he asked himself, ''It is Monday,
right?''

Paul Dovell, who has commuted on the L.I.R.R. from Stonybrook, on Long Island,
into Penn Station for 12 years, called yesterday's trip the easiest commuting he
had ever done. ''It seems like tons of people are gone,'' he said.

Just to be on the safe side, though, he is staying overnight in the city at his
sister-in-law's, he said. She left town because of the convention.

At Grand Central Terminal, the lines for morning-starter breakfasts of bagels
and coffee at Zaro's were short, and seats were there for the asking at Eddie's
Shoe Repair.

At Penn Station in Newark, as New Jersey Transit trains eased into the terminal,
security officers boarded and searched every car, looking beneath seats and
searching bags. ''People do not seem to mind the job we're doing,'' said Sgt.
Paul Huggins of the state police. ''In fact, I had a lot of people this morning
say, 'thank you,' as I searched the car.''

Drivers entering Midtown Manhattan, though, had less fun. Lendy Jones, an
electrician from Coney Island, found the drive to his job on West 50th Street
horrid. ''It usually takes me a half-hour or 45 minutes,'' he said. ''Today it
took me two hours. The military, the police, they were stopping all of the
trucks. It makes me feel safe, but I wish they could help traffic a bit.'' He
intends to take the train today, he said.

Some commuters chose creative, if exhausting, alternatives. To avoid Penn
Station, Michael Delikat, the director of information technology at Sotheby's,
rode his bicycle to work from his home in Rutherford, N.J. He found both four-
and two-wheel traffic light. ''It was like a gift,'' he said. ''Normally, it's
chaos.''

It was a particularly bad day to be a Manhattan deliveryman, as confirmed by
Nelson Luna. He delivers bread, collecting it in New Jersey and making 30 to 40
stops in the city. The drive into New Jersey yesterday was awful, he said, and
things worsened when he tried to get his bread to businesses near Rockefeller
Center.

''It's terrible,'' he said, parked on Fifth Avenue near 51st Street, sweating
and looking exhausted, bread still awaiting its destination. ''There are a lot
of police and closed streets everywhere. We can't get through. This week I have
to start at 3 a.m. instead of 4 or 5.''

Businesses near the convention were similarly displeased. Monir Zamel, who runs
Andrew's Coffee Shop, at 35th Street and Seventh Avenue, said business was down
40 percent. ''We had a handful of delegates, a couple of police officers,'' he
said. ''But nothing close to making up for the regulars who aren't here. It is
basically exactly the opposite of what the city said would happen.''

At Herald House, a leather goods shop on 34th Street near Seventh Avenue, there
was lots of leather and no customers. ''We are down 60 percent at least,'' said
Katie Szoboszlai, the owner. ''Usually we are busy with back to school, with
tourists.''

When a television reporter told Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg about sluggish sales
at stores around the Garden, the mayor acknowledged that their location meant
they were likely to be hurt but said that over all, ''this is one of the better
things that can happen to the city.''

Several delegates, in fact, insisted that they were spending aggressively. ''We
got here last Tuesday, and we haven't stopped shopping,'' said Cyndi Collins, a
member of the Arizona delegation.

Cyndi Sanders, a delegate from Alaska, said she had stocked up on cashmere
sweaters and coats at Bloomingdale's and Armani. ''I've spent thousands of
dollars already,'' she said. ''We can shop and have moral values at the same
time, you know.''

Innumerable city residents and businesses revamped their lives for one week,
just in case.

A small Manhattan hedge fund, whose president spoke on the condition of
anonymity, moved its trading floor to a rented farm in upstate New York through
Thursday and has installed seven key employees in a house next door. ''We have
access to all that we have access to in New York,'' the fund's president said.
''It feels reasonably similar except for the chickens and the goats we hear in
the background.''

Young & Rubicam Brands, the Manhattan advertising and marketing company, said
many of its employees had taken the week off, and others are working from home.
Its Brand Buzz division decided to have a two-day meeting at the Trump Plaza
Hotel in Atlantic City, figuring people would be unusually eager to get away.

Alexis Maysonet, 26, lives in Manhattan, but this week, he is staying with his
aunt in the Bronx. ''I just don't want to be in the city,'' he said. ''The
convention came, and I moved out.'' He spent yesterday at Orchard Beach, a place
he had never been to before. He was bouncing a ball on the pathway overlooking
the sand.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Michael Bavosa, a New Jersey state trooper, was one of many who
searched train cars and checked bags. He made a sweep on a train at Pennsylvania
Station in Newark. (Photo by Marko Georgiev for The New York Times)(pg. P1)
 Riders were few on commuter trains yesterday, as was apparent at ticket vending
machines in Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan about 9 a.m. (Photo by Carol
Halebian for The New York Times)(pg. P14)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

MATT CULLEN ... WELCOME HOME;
He's been around (12 seasons, five teams), but new Wild center Matt Cullen has
found his way back to his home state, where things are pretty much as he left
them in this hockey-mad land.

BYLINE: MICHAEL RUSSO; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1598 words


MOORHEAD, MINN.

The lock is tricky. It takes Matt Cullen a good two minutes to finagle the key.

Four-year-old Brooks, the oldest of Cullen's three sons, is getting antsy, so
the moment Dad finally pries that stubborn door open, Brooks bolts into
Grandma's house like his father on the forecheck.

"Dad, find a ball so we can play hockey," Brooks screams eagerly while Dad
begins the search for the increasingly evident gift Grandma's 6-year-old rat
terrier, Charlie, has left.

We're inside the childhood home of Matt Cullen, the Minnesota native and
longtime NHL vet who's about to begin his career with his home-state Wild.

Cullen, 33, had just finished an excruciating morning in which he ran up and
down the dike on Fargo's side of the Red River two dozen times, skated with
locals, including brothers Brian (Ottawa Senators) and John Lee (University of
Denver) and worked out with brother Mark (Florida Panthers property).

But Cullen was anxious to show off the house that ballooned with memories. There
are pictures everywhere of Terry and Nancy Cullen's four kids -- hockey-playing
professionals Matt, Mark and Joe and sister Anne, a former All-America diver at
Concordia (Moorhead) who now lives in the Twin Cities -- and the grandchildren.

With a smile, Matt recalls story after story about what it was like growing up
in the house, from playing football and building snow forts in the front yard to
playing hockey in the back yard until all hours of night.

And then there's the basement, which used to be unfinished and used as a
playroom. Indoor hockey teams consisted of Matt and Mark vs. Joe and Terry, and
the sore losers would have to make chocolate malts for the winners.

"Those were some awfully good-tasting malteds, I tell you," Terry says.

'Oh Charlie, nasty!'

Matt has finally found the present Mom's dog left, and it was perfectly placed
at the entry of his childhood bedroom. Nancy has kept the room exactly the way
it looked during Matt's senior year of high school, and Matt invites us in for a
trip down memory lane.

It's easy to see immediately that hockey was Matt's life growing up.

"Every time I come in here, I see something I forgot," Matt said.

There are hockey trophies, plaques, pucks, sticks and skates. On the walls are
posters of Wayne Gretzky, Doug Gilmour and Pierre Turgeon. There are snippets of
papers hanging everywhere with inspirational quotes and a framed picture over
his bed that reads, "Determination today leads to success tomorrow."

To its right is a mounted hockey stick with almost 40 hanging medals. "Brooksie
thinks that's about the coolest thing in the world," Matt says.

Across the room is a framed picture of 1995 Minnesota Mr. Hockey finalists Wyatt
Smith, Mark Parrish, Erik Rasmussen (the winner), Matt Cullen and Mike Anderson.
Close by is a bulletin board filled to the brim with autographs, a picture of
Fighting Saint Mike Antonovich, a Moorhead High flag, a Rink Ink feature on him,
a credential from the 1996 draft when Anaheim selected him 35th overall, an
Orange County Register article on him from the draft and the 1995 Pigsty Award
for having the messiest locker on the Spuds.

"Oh, and that's the window Bridge used to sneak in back in the day," Matt said,
giggling, referring to his high school sweetheart and now wife, Bridget. "Junior
year. Chemistry class. We made candy canes together. The rest is history."

The room is emblematic. It's almost like Nancy's been waiting for Matt to come
home, "and he finally has."

A youth spent at the rink

Born in Virginia, Minn., Cullen moved to Moorhead when he was 10. His dad
coached hockey in Virginia for eight years before beginning an 11-year coaching
career in Moorhead, where he taught elementary school and now owns an insulation
company.

The influence was undeniable. All three boys developed into outstanding youth
hockey players.

"He taught us everything about the game," Matt said.

There's even an old VHS instructional tape Terry made for children. Matt, 16 at
the time, was his guinea pig.

"I take a lot of heat for it. I'm wearing some short shorts," Matt said,
laughing.

Terry mostly stressed fun.

"They'd take forever to get out of the locker room," said Dennis Bushy, who runs
the Moorhead Youth Hockey Arena and was bantam coach for all the Cullen brothers
beginning with Matt in 1990. "The kids loved to sit in that locker room, and the
parents used to sit and wait and wait and wait. Most of the parents would be
ticked, but not Terry Cullen or Nancy Cullen.

"Terry used to always say, 'Hey, there's nothing wrong with that locker talk.' "

Terry says most rewarding is that after almost every game (his son Joe plays in
Italy), "all three boys still want to talk hockey with me."

Matt Cullen led Moorhead's bantam team to its first state championship, then
helped lead the Spuds to three consecutive state tournament appearances before
heading to St. Cloud State.

"I just knew by his passion that he had a real shot," Bushy said of Cullen.
"Before we practiced, we used to play forwards vs. the defensemen and coaches.
Matt used to love that game because there was a lot of traffic.

"He'd have to be very good with his stick. He'd always be right in the mix,
right by the puck -- all the time. So many players today are waiting for
somebody to pass it to them. I always go over to them and say, 'You want to play
after high school, maybe it'd be a good idea to get over where the puck is and
work on your stickhandling. Matt Cullen used to do that all the time.' "

Asked how many times he's used Matt Cullen's name in a teaching moment, Bushy
said, "Too many to count, and I'm not the only coach."

An upgrade at center

There's genuine excitement in Fargo-Moorhead this fall because one of their own
will play for the Wild. "There's going be a lot more outstate kids from Moorhead
coming to Minneapolis to watch the Wild," Bushy said.

After not coming to the Wild via free agency in 2005, Cullen made no secret this
go-round that he felt ready, after 12 seasons and five NHL teams, to handle the
pressure of playing at home.

The Wild, in dire need of an upgrade at center, pounced, signing the
strong-skating, two-way pivot to a three-year, $10.5 million contract. During a
tense July 1 day at his Fargo home, Cullen, his wife, parents and brothers
shared the experience as more than half the league gauged his interest.

"It just worked out absolutely perfect," Cullen said.

Asked what changed between 2005 and 2010, Cullen said: "This time, it's just
right. When you go through enough experiences in your career, you understand
what makes you tick more. You learn so much about yourself. This is where I want
to be.

"But I don't think of it as the end of the road, 'Cool, I signed in Minnesota.'
I'm working harder now than I've ever worked. I want to do well. I want to help
bring a [Stanley] Cup here. I don't want to just play and just be here. I know
no matter where I'm at, if we're not winning, it's no fun regardless."

Giving back, in a big way

The Fargo-Moorhead area has a special place in Cullen's heart, and he gives back
often, in money and time.

During the summers, he's always at the rink working with kids, he donated the
money to build the outdoor rink that was integral in Moorhead being named the
official site of the Feb. 12 "Hockey Day Minnesota" and he brought the Stanley
Cup home after winning it with Carolina in 2006.

"He brought the cup to the rink, and after taking pictures with all the youth
players, he spent the rest of the day taking individual photos with all 500 kids
here. He then paid for every 8x10 picture," Bushy said.

Matt and Bridget, who played basketball at Mankato State and got her masters in
human service administration at Bradley, began the Cullen Children Foundation
(Cully's Kids) five years ago after two significant events.

In 2003, when brother Mark was a Wild prospect, doctors discovered a cancerous
mole on his back. It had spread to his lymph nodes.

"Luckily they were able to catch it just in time, but it was a pretty scary
time," Matt said.

Then, during the lockout, Cullen played hockey in Cortina, where he led the
Italian League in scoring. He met a boy named Jacopo, who had a brain tumor.
Matt and Bridget spent a lot of time with Jacopo, who skated often with Matt and
slept in his jersey.

He died in 2008.

The foundation has raised almost $1.6 million for children's health care in the
Fargo-Moorhead area.

"I know how fortunate I am, and to do this is more important than anything I do
on the ice," Cullen said. "It's fun to be able to give back because everybody
here has done so much for me and given me so much."

Nancy says this attitude epitomizes the good Minnesota boy she raised.

"He's a regular, down-to-earth guy, which is part of what makes him so lovable
and kind," Nancy said. "He might be a professional hockey player, but when he
walks in the house, he still takes out the garbage and does the dishes and cuts
the weeds."

And picks up Charlie's gifts with a tissue.

ABOUT MATT CULLEN

Age: 33 (Nov. 2, 1976, Virginia, Minn.)

Ht.: 6-1. Wt.: 200 Position: Center

Drafted: Anaheim (35th overall, 1996)

Comment: Fast, two-way, penalty-killing center who can play wing and the
power-play point. ... Stats: 169 goals, 461 points in 880 regular-season games.
... Advanced to three consecutive state tournaments with Moorhead High. ...
Attended St. Cloud State. ... Has played with Anaheim, Florida, Carolina twice,
the Rangers and Ottawa. ... Won a Stanley Cup in 2006.

Family: Wife, Bridget; sons Brooks, 4; Wyatt, 2; Joey, 5 months (Matt watched
the birth on Skype in Ottawa during the playoffs).

Salary: Three years, $3.5 million per year.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                              July 25, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

5 QUESTIONS

BYLINE: By TOM BALOG tom.balog@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 934 words

DATELINE: LAKE BUENA VISTA


The NFL theater known as training camp opens for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers today,
when 80 players are scheduled to report to the Celebration Hotel for the start
of a three-week session on the sweltering, sun-splashed practice fields at
Disney's Wide World of Sports complex.

There will not be a lack of drama for the defending NFC South champion Bucs, who
have several hot-button issues -- including two unhappy quarterbacks -- to deal
with as they shake out the roster ahead of the 2008 season. Here are five of the
most prominent matters to be resolved in the next month.

1 Will the Buccaneers acquire Brett Favre?

The quasi-retired quarterback of the Green Bay Packers is trying to finagle his
way out of Green Bay and onto another team. The Buccaneers have become mentioned
prominently as a possible destination for Favre, although the team's official
stance is to lay low and not risk any charges of tampering while he tries to get
unshackled from Green Bay.

Favre knows Bucs head coach Jon Gruden very well, since their days together in
Green Bay. It was Gruden, Favre recalled in an interview a few years ago, who
picked him up at the Green Bay airport when the Packers traded for him back in
1992. Gruden at that time was the Packers' wide receivers coach under Mike
Holmgren. Favre's competitive personality meshes at least as well with Gruden as
Jeff Garcia, the quarterback Favre would replace as Tampa Bay's starter. If
Favre arrives, the Buccaneers would become solid favorites to repeat as NFC
South champions.

2 How will QB Jeff Garcia handle the lack of a contract extension or the threat
of Favre, should he come to Tampa Bay?

It could trigger outrage from Garcia, who would be hard to keep around, given
his track record for causing a fuss when he is not the starter, as he did in
Cleveland and Detroit.

Garcia has made it known that he is not happy with his contract situation. He is
scheduled to make $2 million in the final year of a two-year contract, which is
nowhere near the average of what a starting quarterback makes in the NFL.

Tampa Bay general manager Bruce Allen has reportedly made several contract
offers to appease Garcia, the earliest of which insulted the quarterback who led
the Buccaneers to the NFC South championship in 2007. Garcia is as responsible
as anybody for helping Allen and Gruden save their jobs coming off a 5-11
season, in addition to earning contract extensions from the Glazer family,
owners of the team.

3 What becomes of Chris Simms?

Simms wants out of Tampa. He knows he has no future with the team, which he said
is holding him "hostage" contractually. Allen is only hoping that somehow Simms
becomes marketable again and regains his arm strength and proprioception, which
is the sense of awareness of his arms to his body, something he lost following
his ruptured spleen nearly two years ago.

Simms did not attend voluntary off-season workouts or the team's mandatory
mini-camp last month and lashed out at Gruden's handling of players. Since then,
Simms has met with Allen, who talked Simms into coming to camp and competing for
a roster spot, along with Brian Griese, Luke McCown and rookie Josh Johnson, all
of whom the Bucs seem to prefer to Simms.

Allen said that Simms has had three chances to be the Bucs' starter, two of
which ended with him being injured. Allen is holding onto Simms, who has spent
the last two seasons on injured reserve, with the hope he attracts a trade offer
before the team's final roster cutdown.

4 Will Earnest Graham keep the starting running back job?

Earnest Graham may have saved Tampa Bay's season as much as Garcia did, but that
does not guarantee his starting job for the upcoming season. The team's quest to
upgrade the position led to the signing of former Buccaneer Warrick Dunn, a free
agent from the Falcons, who with 10,000-plus career rushing yards, is still one
of the most productive backs in the league.

Graham came off the bench, from a spot duty role and asserted himself as a
feature back in the wake of Carnell Williams' season-ending knee injury in the
fourth game of the season at Carolina.

Williams is still rehabilitating his surgically-repaired torn patellar tendon
and indications from the team are that he will begin the season on the
physically unable to perform (PUP) list. It will give the team six weeks to
determine whether to activate Williams or place him once again on injured
reserve.

Michael Bennett, who was acquired last year from the Kansas City Chiefs, has a
better grasp of the playbook this year, and with his speed should become a
third-down back who can be used as a pass receiver out of the backfield.

5 How soon before rookie first-round draft pick Aqib Talib reports to camp and
does he have a chance to win a starting cornerback job?

Talib, who was chosen with the 20th overall pick in April, remains unsigned and
reports indicate that he was nowhere near an agreement on Thursday. His agent
has had little contact with the Buccaneers this week.

Second-round pick Dexter Jackson and fifth-rounder, quarterback Josh Johnson,
also remain unsigned.

Talib and Jackson could become the first Tampa Bay rookie holdout since Allen
became the team's general manager.

Talib, at 6-foot-1, gives the Buccaneers the size it has not had at the
cornerback position. But he will be hard-pressed to win a starting job out of
training camp.

Phillip Buchanon did well as a fill-in starter last year while Brian Kelly was
hurt.

The Bucs have also signed veteran free agent Eugene Wilson to compete for the
left cornerback spot vacated when Kelly opted out of his contract and signed
with the Detroit Lions.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  PRO FOOTBALL I TAMPA BAY BUCS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 ASSOCIATED PRESS / FILE PHOTO / MORRY GASH Favre as a Buc? Speculation has the
Buccaneers as a likely destination for Packers quarterback Brett Favre if Green
Bay decides to trade him. Favre, shown above during practice in 2006 wearing a
jersey similar to the Bucs' colors, may be a good fit with coach Jon Gruden.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 17, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

Change and Choice at the American Bar Association Convention

Saundra Torry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F5; LAWYERS

LENGTH: 1159 words


Anyone who doubted that the American Bar Association has changed just had to
drop by their convention last week in San Francisco.

Once, the group was dominated by gray men in gray suits. But this time around,
women and liberals, whose power has been building, seemed to have finally moved
into control.

Hillary Clinton, wife of the Democratic presidential candidate, was a featured
speaker. Oklahoma law professor Anita Hill was mobbed by admiring men and women
wherever she went. And ABA policy-makers reversed a two-year neutrality stand on
abortion and adopted an abortion rights resolution -- promising to fight any
laws that would restrict a woman's right to choose.

Meanwhile, conservatives complained and Vice President Dan Quayle, who's been
feuding with the group for a year, flailed away at the ABA during his own jaunt
through Northern California.

Quayle couldn't even finagle an invitation to speak before the entire ABA
convention. Top ABA officials cited scheduling problems and insisted they were
"disappointed" that the vice president couldn't make it.

But the explanation fooled no one. It was clear the ABA leadership was not
interested in serving as the straight man for another vice presidential assault
on the legal profession.

Philadelphia lawyer Jerome Shestack, a prominent ABA member, all but conceded
that the ABA would have found time to hear a Vice President Albert Gore. The ABA
probably would have made an opening for Quayle if he were "a person of personal
stature or legal ability," Shestack deadpanned, "but there wasn't anything of
enlightenment that he could contribute, and the members already know how to
spell."

Score the latest round between the ABA and the Republicans for the lawyers. But
the Republicans have made clear there will be another day. It's obvious they
hope to attach Bill Clinton to the nation's lawyers, who in all honesty are not
all that popular among American voters.

Could the ABA be this year's ACLU?

Already, conservative organizations are demanding that the administration strip
the ABA of its prized role in evaluating prospective nominees to the Supreme
Court and federal bench. The Wall Street Journal editorial page, which sometimes
takes positions that even Patrick Buchanan might find extreme, also called on
the White House to dump the bar association from the judicial process.

"This is the most political and partisan ABA convention in memory," said David
Beckwith, Quayle's press secretary. "And I expect pressure to build [to force
them from the evaluation process] because of it."

Some within the ABA had the same thought. Former president Eugene Thomas, of
Boise, Idaho, said after the abortion vote that the ABA may lose its
"credibility," and with it, the judicial evaluation function.

But judging by the 276-to-168 vote for abortion rights, Thomas was in a distinct
minority.

A few vestiges of the boys-club days do remain.

Estelle Rogers, a Washington lawyer and leader of the abortion-rights battle,
likes to tell a story from the convention in Hawaii three years ago when she was
having a drink with an ABA leader and another woman lawyer from Washington.

A high-ranking ABA official joined them and started complaining about the poor
service in his hotel. He had just bought a Hawaiian shirt, but it was too
wrinkled to wear. "Hey," he said brightly, "either of you girls know how to
iron?"

For years now, a growing coalition of veteran liberals -- younger men and more
recently women -- is flexing its muscles in the ABA. And this year's convention
seemed a culmination of their work both in substance and spirit.

The hottest ticket of the convention was the Clinton lunch, where one of the
honorees was Hill, whose testimony about sexual harassment came close to
derailing the Supreme Court nomination of Clarence Thomas. The luncheon
organizer, the ABA Commission on Opportunities for Women in the Profession --
which didn't even exist until five years ago -- sold 1,200 tickets and turned
away 1,000 clamoring for seats.

Fred Graham, a lawyer and the anchor on the Court TV cable network, managed to
come up with two tickets at the last minute.

Graham said he wished he could claim some special influence, "but my wife got
them through the old girl's network."

It wasn't just the celebrities who drew. A program called "Alice in Lawyerland:
Through the Glass Ceiling," had a standing-room-only crowd spilling out of the
room.

The sheer numbers, too, said women were beginning to take their place in ABA
leadership. The House of Delegates, the group's policy-making body, now has 80
women, about 15 percent. There are four women among the 33 members of the Board
of Governors, including Washington lawyer Elaine Jones.

Two women are among four candidates for president in 1994, and one woman is
running as chair of the House.

And when the abortion rights vote was counted on Tuesday, it was clear that
sponsors -- who framed it as an issue of fundamental women's rights -- had won
decisively, setting off the frenzied critics.

But the ABA is used to the heat.

This isn't the first time the group has taken a liberal stance.

It has voted in the past two decades in favor of the Equal Rights Amendment,
federal funding for abortions for poor women and gun control, to list a few.

And it's certainly not the first time the ABA has been pummeled by critics.
Anyone remember the Robert Bork nomination in 1987? Conservatives screamed for
the heads of ABA leaders when the judicial evaluating committee helped demolish
Bork's Supreme Court hopes.

Former ABA president Chesterfield Smith recalls the lawyerly tempest in 1973,
after his comments about the the Saturday night massacre, when President Nixon
fired the special Watergate prosecutor and refused to turn over White House
tapes to a federal judge.

Smith asserted that Nixon was not above the law and must comply or appeal. He
spread his gospel in speeches around the nation. He and the association got
knocked around a bit.

But Smith figures the ABA will survive this round, as it did the one in 1973.

"They used to say, 'Every time Chesterfield makes a speech, a member resigns ...
but we gain 10 in his place.' "

Honoring Marshall

Retired Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall was honored twice by the ABA at
its meeting, receiving the group's highest award and a new award named in his
honor.

At one presentation, Washington lawyer Karen Hastie Williams, a former Marshall
clerk, told how a fellow law clerk once asked him to describe his judicial
philosophy. Marshall, she said, replied, "You do what you think is right and let
the law catch up with you."

Upon receiving the award, Marshall said credit for many civil-rights triumphs
belongs to "everyday citizens [who] put themselves on the line because they
understood that no one -- white, Afro or blue -- gets anywhere unless somebody
pushes open the door, even if only a crack, for those who come behind."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, THOMAS KERR FOR TWP

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       March 8, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Plenty of room for your wheelchair, guv: The London taxi's accessibility makes
it an ideal candidate for Ottawa service, writes Murray Jackson.

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Murray Jackson

SECTION: Wheels; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1135 words

Imagine. An Ottawa taxi arrives to take you to the airport. You settle into a
comfortable seat in a clean and spacious passenger compartment, separated from
the driver by a full partition. There's more legroom than in a first-class
airline seat.

Once settled, you adjust the temperature and lighting to your preference. You
chat with the driver over an intercom that can be switched off if you prefer.

A fanciful notion? Not if canny U.S. entrepreneur Larry Smith has his way. The
founder of the Boston-based Finagle, a Bagel chain, is determined to introduce
the legendary London taxi to North America.

Mr. Smith has been sold on the distinctive vehicles since discovering during a
vacation that a London taxi could easily accommodate his entire family and
luggage -- something no Boston taxi could do.

An idea was born and, less than two years later, this energetic businessman is
the president of London Taxis North America (LTNA), a company established to
distribute and sell the British cabs in the United States and Canada.

Mr. Smith says that the London taxi -- specifically the TX1 built by London
Taxis International of Coventry, England -- is "the only purpose-built hire
vehicle in the world today. It will change the fabric of transportation in any
city."

London's licensed taxis are familiar icons. Their specifications have been
regulated since the days when horsepower really meant "horse" power. Since the
first motorized London taxi appeared in 1897, various manufacturers have
produced vehicles built to conform to rigorous standards including a 7.6-metre
(25-foot) turning circle.

In recent years, the London taxi of choice has been the TX1. Introduced in 1997,
this model perpetuates the design cues of previous generations while
incorporating an array of modern and unique features.

In the TX1, the comfort and safety of passengers are paramount. A partition
provides driver security and passenger privacy. The driver/passenger intercom
works on hearing-aid frequencies to assist the hearing-impaired and can be
turned off to allow private conversations. Passengers have full control of
heating, air-conditioning and lighting. Seating capacity is five persons, three
on the rear bench seat and two on flip-down jump seats.

For the driver, the TX1's ergonomic controls and seat permit fatigue-free shifts
of 10 to 12 hours. The vehicle's service life is estimated at 800,000
kilometres) and a two-year/160,000 km) warranty is provided. The taxi's
2.4-litre, direct-injection, diesel engine is turbocharged and intercooled and
designed to provide good fuel economy and a long service life. All body panels,
except the doors, are bolted to the vehicle to facilitate quick and economical
repairs.

But it's the TX1's ability to accommodate people with disabilities that could
make it a success in North America.

All TX1s are wheelchair-compatible; pull-out ramps are included and the vehicle
will accommodate a wheelchair passenger plus two other passengers. The curbside
jump seat swivels outside the taxi's body to provide easy entry for
mobility-impaired or elderly passengers. For visually-impaired persons, grab
handles and seat edges are bright yellow for easy recognition.

One enthusiastic supporter of the "accessible cab" concept is Ottawa councillor
Jan Harder.

She'd like to see TX1s in service in Ottawa alongside the Fords, Buick and
Chrysler sedans traditionally favoured by Ottawa cabbies. The London taxis could
serve the mainstream market as well as complementing Para Transpo.

Still, putting a London taxi on the streets of North American cities is no small
feat. The TX1's predecessors were tested in New York and Philadelphia in the
1950s and Toronto in the 1960s. In the mid-1980s, taxis without powertrains
("gliders") were sent to The London Coach Company in Mt. Clemens, Michigan,
where Ford engines and transmissions were installed.

None of these ventures was able to entice North American taxi drivers.

Among other obstacles facing Mr. Smith's company, U.S. and Canadian safety
standards had to be satisfied, not to mention the requirements of the
Environmental Protection Agency and the California Air Resources Board. A
daunting challenge, but one he says will be met by the end of April.

To date, LTNA has invested more than $4 million U.S. The company will soon open
a distribution centre and flagship dealership to service its home market in
Boston and other areas in New England. In addition to vehicles, parts and
service, the company plans to offer driver training. Taxi prices will start at
$39,500 U.S. ($64,000 Cdn.) and a number of confirmed orders have been received.

In Ottawa, Councillor Harder acknowledges that hurdles lie ahead, including
possible resistance from the local taxi industry. Also, enabling legislation
would be required as current provincial regulations allow only van-type vehicles
to be used as accessible cabs.

Ms. Harder suggested that educating potential drivers and users about the
advantages of these vehicles is an important step in their acceptance. LTNA
plans to demonstrate the TX1 in Ottawa during the Tulip Festival.

Hanif Patni, the new owner of Blue Line Taxi, is no stranger to London taxis as
a result of his past involvement with the Computer Cabs company in the British
capital. He acknowledges their special attributes and believes Ottawa, as the
nation's capital, should "lead by example" in providing first-class
transportation for mobility-restricted persons.

Mr. Patni noted that Para Transpo's service is useful but sometimes inconvenient
because of the need to book ahead.

He suggested that a certain number of accessible taxis should be available in
Ottawa, based on demand, and that there should be incentives to encourage taxi
drivers to purchase and use these vehicles.

Taxi drivers aren't enthusiastic. Chahid Zeidan, chairman of the union
representing Blue Line taxi drivers, says "the time is not right" to introduce
the TX1 into the local taxi industry.

Mr. Zeidan recognizes the need for specialized taxi service in Ottawa but
considers it unlikely that Ottawa taxi drivers will be able to afford these
vehicles. He noted that the recent decision to limit the age of Ottawa cabs to
six years has increased drivers' costs and hurt their incomes.

Despite the obstacles, LTNA has a well-organized business plan and its
accessible cab is unique -- two elements missing from previous attempts to
transplant London taxis to these shores. With luck, these ingredients will
create a recipe for success in the North American market.

Murray Jackson, the car-crazy creator of Motor-Cross automotive crossword
puzzles, is a fan of London cabs of all ages. His 1969 Austin FX4 taxi is a
veteran of over 400,000 kilometres in London service.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: London taxis, like this TX1 model, are built to conform to
rigorous standards. This makes them highly efficient as urban transport.; Colour
Photo: TX1 model London taxi accommodates a wheelchair with ease.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 25, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Eisner likes hunting Ducks for a change

BYLINE: Kevin Allen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: QUEBEC


Disney CEO Michael Eisner was fascinated by the process of stocking his new
Mighty Ducks of Anaheim team with players.

He said it was nothing like his previous business experiences, particularly the
movie business.

"You don't draft Robert Redford or Tom Cruise," Eisner said. "If you pick a
director, you don't lose him to MGM."

Eisner said the idea of buying a franchise came about when he drove by the new
Anaheim Arena and wondered what pro teams were going to play there.

DAIGLE FINAGLE: Projected No. 1 draft pick Alexandre Daigle was signed by Score
as a hockey card spokesman, though he can't officially appear in the Score set
until he plays an NHL game.

Though the NHL Players Association bars non-members from being in licensed sets,
Score will insert a coupon that can be redeemed for a Daigle card (wearing an
NHL uniform) as soon as he plays his first game.

Score, which landed Eric Lindros before he was drafted, will issue Daigle cards
(no NHL uniform) at the draft.

Though Daigle belongs to Score, his first card in an NHL set came last season
when Upper Deck included him in a Canadian Junior Team subset. That led to a
gaffe Thursday.

Asked about his most valuable card, he said, "Maybe the Upper Deck card - but
that's not the right card."

Even Score officials laughed.

JUST CHECKING: Toronto general manager Cliff Fletcher attempted to defuse the
Felix Potvin trade talk by saying his interest in exploring the trade market is
to determine his value in case of a salary arbitration.

Quebec GM Pierre Page, thought to be interested in Potvin, said he is
comfortable with Stephane Fiset as No. 1.

"He deserves a chance to play," he said. "We made that decision. To go in
another direction doesn't make sense."

ALSO: Fletcher said goaltender Daren Puppa, picked by the Florida Panthers in
the expansion draft, is already headed to an unnamed team for a third-round
pick. Speculation is the Tampa Bay Lightning asked the Panthers to pick Puppa
for them in exchange for a third-round pick. That would seem to mean Tampa Bay
could end up with two new goalies after Friday's Phase II of the expansion
draft. For example, the Lightning could draft Ron Tugnutt from Anaheim in Phase
II, then complete the trade for Puppa. Phase II allows the 1992 expansion teams
to pick from the 1993 expansion teams. Trading can resume when Phase II ends. .
. .  No one is sure if goaltender Glenn Healy knows he is a member of the Mighty
Ducks. He is in Ireland. . . . Several teams like Saku Koivu, who is called
Finland's Doug Gilmour. . . . The Pittsburgh Penguins and Central Red Army are
working on a deal to become business partners in training and scouting, the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported Thursday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE DRAFT; DRAFT LINE; A QUICK READ ON THE DRAFT

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               October 9, 2003 Thursday 0 South Pinellas Edition

RIFF NOTES

BYLINE: GINA VIVINETTO

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 883 words


Class, raise your hand if you've seen School of Rock. Seems everyone's raving
about the new Jack Black comedy that celebrates rock 'n' roll and its rebellious
spirit. (Everyone except curmudgeonly St. Petersburg Times correspondent Marty
Clear who gave it a C-. This rock chick gives the flick an A.)

School of Rock makes a case for the importance for people - young and old - to
honor their inner rock star. Or at least to honor the person inside themselves
that's a little freaky, a tad outside of the mainstream, a bit peculiar. Because
none of us, when it comes down to it, is normal.

And that, as Black's character Dewey Finn might say, eyes maniacally wide, is,
"Totally cool!"

Finn, however, is not the brightest guy. Though he finagles his way into a
substitute teaching gig, Finn's pupils are more educated than he is. Still, Finn
has a lot to teach the kids.

Lest folks leave School of Rock with the idea that all who "raise the goblet of
rock" are numskulls like Finn, here's a list of educated folks in the music
world:

Weezer's Rivers Cuomo has an English degree from  Harvard University.

Boston's  Tom Scholz has an engineering degree from Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.

Sting was an English teacher (and soccer coach) at St. Catherine's Convent
School in England in the late 1970s. (The young ladies probably addressed him as
Mr. Sumner back then.)

Hip-hop's  Sista Souljah has to be rap's most educated star: This sister
graduated from Rutgers where she earned American history and African studies
degrees, completed Cornell University's advanced placement summer program and
studied abroad at the University of Salamanca in Spain.

Hip-hop mogul  P. Diddy didn't get to be a rich and famous businessman by
accident. Shrewd Mr. Diddy, who made a lot of dough with childhood paper routes,
left Howard University in the late 1980s when his pal  Heavy D offered him a job
as an intern at Uptown Records. Several months later, he was an A&R exec. After
Diddy - or  Puff Daddy as we knew him then - was fired, he began remixing rap
artists in his apartment. One of Diddy/Daddy's first finds: a hot young rapper
named  Notorious B.I.G. The rest, as they say, is H-I-S-T-O-R-Y.

Country crooner  Kris Kristofferson may look like a scruffy man of the streets,
but Kristofferson was a Rhodes Scholar.

Garth Brooks graduated with a degree in advertising from Oklahoma State
University. (No word on where his alter ego  Chris Gaines went to school.)

Kiss' Gene Simmons was born in Israel and moved to New York City when he was 9.
Simmons knew four languages - English, Hebrew, German and Hungarian - by the
time he got to college, adding two more after graduating with a degree in
education from Richmond College in Staten Island. Before starting Kiss in 1972,
Simmons taught sixth grade in the New York City public schools. Nothing to stick
out your tongue at, huh? (Get it? Stick out your tongue?)

What of snooty Simon & Garfunkel, always singing of poetry and all things
sophisticated? Simon got a bachelor's degree in English at Queens College and
later studied law at Brooklyn Law School, but dropped out. Garfunkel graduated
from Columbia University with a master's degree in mathematics.

SPEAKING OF JACK BLACK: When Black's not making music-related Hollywood flicks
such as School of Rock or High Fidelity, he pours that manic energy into his
band, the hilariously hep  Tenacious D. Black and cohort  Kyle Gass begin
shooting their first feature film in January, Tenacious D in "The Pick of
Destiny.' Meantime, you can enjoy the band's soon-to-be released double disc
DVD, The Complete Masterworks of Tenacious D when it hits stores Nov. 3. It
features live clips and spoofy "documentary" footage chronicling the band's rise
to, ahem, world domination.

VIDEO: Continuing this year's Jack Black attack. Isn't that Black in the  Foo
Fighters' Low video? Sure is. Not that you can see it on MTV. The network that
airs  Christina Aguilera's kinky Dirrty video won't show this clip, in which
Black and Foo man  Dave Grohl play alcoholic, cross-dressing, gay redneck
lovers. What gives?

LITTLE STEVEN'S UNDERGROUND GARAGE: Black was also the first ever co-host
recently on  Little Steven Van Zandt's wildly fun Underground Garage radio
program, which is available locally on the Internet. If you want a quick
education in garage rock in all its glory, tune in Van Zandt's two-hour program
exploring tunes old and new. Van Zandt - yes, the man from the E Street Band and
The Sopranos - shares a knowledge and enthusiasm for rock 'n' roll that's
infectious. Van Zandt believes the future of rock is uncertain. He sees his
radio program as a mission.

"What is at stake is nothing less than the heart and soul of rock 'n' roll," Van
Zandt has told the press. "We're in our sixth decade of rock 'n' roll, but the
way things are looking, there may not be a seventh."

Van Zandt fights back with theme shows including tunes that span decades and
genres including folks like the Clash, the White Stripes, the Yardbirds, the
Stones, the Stooges, the Donnas, Muddy Waters, and old Motown and Stax artists.

- Times researcher Cathy Wos contributed to this report.

Gina Vivinetto is the Times pop music critic. E-mail her at gina@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: ROCKING OUR WORLD

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Paramount Pictures; PHOTO, (6); Jack Black in a scene from
School of Rock; P. Diddy; Rivers Cuomo; Kris Kristofferson; Sting; Gene Simmons;
Garth Brooks

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          October 8, 1997, Wednesday,

IMUS OCT. 22 SHOW STIRS UP THE FAITHFUL;
 THE SHOOT-FROM-THE-HIP RADIO COMMENTATOR WILL DO A LIVE VERSION OF HIS SHOW IN
PORTLAND.

BYLINE: Ray Routhier Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 503 words


Judie Giusti heard Don Imus was coming to Portland to do a live version of his
syndicated radio show, and she knew she had to be there.

First she entered a radio contest to try to win tickets to the Oct. 22 event at
the Merrill Auditorium. When that didn't work, she called Imus' brother, Fred,
in New York. That failed too, so she called Imus while he was on the air and
waited on hold for 40 minutes. She never got to him.

Finally, Giusti was able to finagle two tickets ''through friends.'' Her
persistence shows how badly Imus' fans want to see his famous mouth in person,
and how in-demand these tickets are.

Ever since Portland radio station WZAN (970 AM) started promoting the Imus visit
about six weeks ago, hundreds of people have called the station and the Merrill
Auditorium trying to get tickets.

But WZAN is not selling any of the 1,850 tickets - they're giving them away to
listeners in a series of radio contests and to station advertisers.

The first contest was a ''fax in and win'' event on Sept. 29. The station was
giving away 100 pairs of tickets, and got 300 faxes over several hours. Many
other people couldn't get through because the station's fax lines were jammed.

''We heard from people who said they were trying (to fax) for something like
five hours straight but couldn't get through,'' said Chris Mac, marketing
director for WZAN.

Then on Monday, WZAN announced that tickets would be given to the first 50
people to be gathered at the Union Station Plaza at 4 p.m. About 75 people
showed up.

Mac said a different ticket giveaway will be devised for next week. So if people
really want to see Imus, they have to keep listening to WZAN.

By giving away 1,850 tickets, WZAN will fill the Merrill Auditorium. Not a lot
of radio personalities can fill a concert hall, but Imus' appeal is unique.

He's seen as a shoot-from-the-hip commentator who can be as funny as David
Letterman or as stinging as Rush Limbaugh. The program's topics range from world
politics to toilet humor, and Imus is helped by a regular cast of supporting
players.

''It's kind of like a variety show, but like nothing you'd see on prime-time
television,'' said Ellie Damon, an Imus fan from Portland. ''I really enjoy
everything he does, though I don't always agree with him. I think he's one of
those people that people love to hate. And that makes him interesting.''

Imus' live Portland show also will be broadcast on television - on the MSNBC
cable network.

Imus, 57, is heard by an estimated 9 million listeners on 104 radio stations
across the country. His show is heard locally on WZAN from 6 a.m. to 10 a.m.
weekdays. He has been syndicated since 1993 by WFAN (66 AM) in New York City.

Imus and his crew do about three lives shows on the road a month, said Mark
Chernoff, program director for WFAN.

The day before the Portland show, Imus will do one at the Bangor Civic Center.
The 1,200 seats for that were sold out in about four hours, at $ 5 each.
Proceeds went to charity.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:b[w]

Don Imus Coming to Merrill Auditoriu

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

SECTION: Pg. 117

LENGTH: 1443  words

SUNSHINE COAST

TRACK GOOD (3)

1-PERRY'S HIRE MDN HCP 1100m: 1.60 fav GENTLE GIANT (gr g 2y Ferocity - Decent
Girl (NZ). Trainer: Jason McLachlan) 58 carr 56 (T Huxham) 1, 4.00 RODRIGEUZ 57
(M Cahill) 2, 4.20 SCENE OF THE CRIME 57 (D J Browne) 3. Then followed: 12.00
Carvelon 26.00 Al Frisco 26.00 Mount Freedom 4.60 Birds Of Song 13.00 Mystic
Dragon 21.00 Karma Gutsa last. All started. 1-1/4 len, 1-3/4 len. Time: 1:05.48
(class record). (Last 600m 35.38). TAB DIVS: 1 Gentle Giant $1.70 $1.10 4
Rodrigeuz $1.70 5 Scene Of The Crime $1.90. Q: $3.70. E: $7.50. T: $28.20. A2:
1-4 $3.80, 1-5 $3.50, 4-5 $5.80. FIRST 4: (1 4 5 8): $76.00. All Started.

2-SHADE SECURITY MDN PLATE 1100m: 7.00 SWIFT CASH (b m 5y Aucash - Swiss
Prospector (USA). Trainer: D K Munce) 57 (M Cahill) 1, 1.55 fav OVER FRIENDLY
56.5 (J Holder) 2, 5.00 FREYADANE 55 (J L Taylor) 3. Then followed: 5.50
Likaphantom 3.40 Melody In Motion 26.00 Storm's Belle 31.00 Snazzy Cat last.
Scr: Abode. 1/2 len, 1-1/4 len. Time: 1:06.84. (Last 600m 36.21). TAB DIVS:: 3
Swift Cash $13.00 $3.30 5 Over Friendly $1.40 7 Freyadane NTD. Q: $7.50. E:
$27.70. T: $127.80. FIRST 4: (3 5 7 4): $284.40. Scr: 1.

3-SIGNWAVE SUNSHINE COAST MDN 1100m: 4.60 ADANGERTOHIMSELF (b g 4y Dangerous -
Queries. Trainer: J L Johnston) 57 carr 55 (T Huxham) 1, 7.00 BEENOBLE 56.5 (Ms
L Deguara) 2, 61.00 HAZRAT 57 (K Sawyers) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Sobo 1.60 fav
Vietato Fumare 12.00 Wind Zipper 12.00 Moringa's McCoy 15.00 Watacon 6.00
Sweetrocking 26.00 Shovise last. Scr: Dawn Boy. 3-1/4 len, lg hd. Time: 1:06.13
(class record). (Last 600m 36.03). TAB DIVS: 1 Adangertohimself $6.90 $1.80 6
Beenoble $2.60 2 Hazrat $15.00. Q: $37.50. E: $73.90. T: $1,496.30. A2: 1-6
$9.10, 1-2 $30.90, 2-6 $77.40. FIRST 4: (1 6 2 3): $3,307.20. Scr: 7L.

4-LOVE & PARTNERS ACCOUNTANTS-C1 2150m: 1.80 fav HOLLYWOOD AND VINE (b g 3y More
Than Ready (USA) - Starry Way. Trainer: Paul Messara) 58 (J L Taylor) 1, 10.00
NOVA CHENKA 55 (N Tomizawa) 2, 10.00 REM'E'CAN 55 (P Wolfgram) 3. Then followed:
2.70 Apuckshunubbee 8.00 Pick Of Destiny 12.00 Sir Knight 31.00 Moringa's King
101.00 Sasso 21.00 Poinciana last. All started. 3-1/4 len, lg nk. Time: 2:15.54
(class record). (Last 600m 37.41). TAB DIVS: 1 Hollywood And Vine $2.20 $1.10 3
Nova Chenka $2.10 5 Rem'e'can $3.30. Q: $14.60. E: $25.50. T: $90.80. A2: 1-3
$4.20, 1-5 $4.60, 3-5 $8.90. FIRST 4: (1 3 5 2): $420.40. All Started.

5-SEARLES GARDEN PRODUCTS (C1) 1100m: 26.00 VOLANT CHEVAL (ch m 4y Pins - Flying
Lear (NZ). Trainer: Shane Barling) 54 (K Wharton) 1, 1.70 fav OUTBACK GIRL 58 (K
Pope) 2, 5.50 FINAGLE 56 (E A Wilkinson) 3. Then followed: 6.00 Top Puss 3.00
Flying Strike 31.00 Shovelle 61.00 Queen Of The Storm 11.00 Touch Of Spice 41.00
Demi 51.00 Hottest last. All started. Lg nk, len. Time: 1:06.47. (Last 600m
36.52). TAB DIVS:: 7 Volant Cheval $41.50 $7.00 1 Outback Girl $1.40 4 Finagle
$1.80. Q: $46.70. E: $114.70. T: $576.50. A2: 1-7 $14.50, 4-7 $29.70, 1-4 $2.80.
FIRST 4: (7 1 4 2): $4,614.60. All Started.

6-X X X X HCP (C1) 1100m: 4.20 fav GET THAT INDYA (br g 3y Storm Of Indya (USA)
- Silver Bells. Trainer: S A Mackinnon) 55.5 (E A Wilkinson) 1, 4.60 COZ HE
WANTS TO 56.5 (P Wolfgram) 2, 9.00 GRAIN TRADER 54 (J L Taylor) 3. Then
followed: 4.40 Nero's Fire 9.00 Tornadoes 11.00 Gold Down Under 21.00 Thatsrough
4.80 Kinetic Heat 8.00 Chenka Star 51.00 Hewilldo 13.00 Hayilinity last. All
started. 1-1/2 len, 1-1/2 len. Time: 1:05.83. (Last 600m 35.86). TAB DIVS:: 3
Get That Indya $3.90 $1.60 2 Coz He Wants To $2.10 9 Grain Trader $4.60. Q:
$12.90. E: $25.70. T: $404.80. A2: 2-3 $5.20, 3-9 $9.00, 2-9 $14.50. FIRST 4: (3
2 9 4): $922.00. All Started.

7-YALUMBA HCP (C5) 1000m: 2.60 BELLETRIST (b f 3y Bel Esprit - Lady Nickelii.
Trainer: T D Hall) 54 (E A Wilkinson) 1, 4.00 JOHNNIEONTHEROCKS 58 (J Holder) 2,
5.00 ROYAL SAINT 55.5 (R Mc Mahon) 3. Then followed: 2.30 fav Bifocal 31.00
Frenardi 21.00 Jimoda 8.00 New Journey 16.00 Monashee Diva last. All started.
1-3/4 len, sht hd. Time: 0:59.02. (Last 600m 34.39). TAB DIVS: 6 Belletrist
$3.00 $1.30 1 Johnnieontherocks $1.80 4 Royal Saint $1.60. Q: $7.50. E: $15.60.
T: $43.80. A2: 1-6 $3.90, 4-6 $2.50, 1-4 $2.80. FIRST 4: (6 1 4 2): $94.40. All
Started.

8-HOT 91 HCP (C3) 1600m: 5.50 AMAZING DANE (ch g 5y Danewin - Bundle Of Thanks.
Trainer: L F Birchley) 55 carr 52 (Ms P Schmidt) 1, 10.00 LAUREN'S HALO 54.5
carr 53 (Ashley Butler) 2, 6.50 FAMOUS CRY 54 (J Holder) 3. Then followed: 4.60
Don Carmello 3.60 fav Mr Solitary 7.00 Montefalco 12.00 Damashqui 12.00 Real
World 10.00 Golden Chase 9.00 Dont Call Me Bruce 51.00 Cheapskaterubi 61.00 Top
Resource last. Scr: Freton, Slepner, Morning High, Coral Flight. Len, 2-1/4 len.
Time: 1:37.09 (class record). (Last 600m 36.98). TAB DIVS: 3 Amazing Dane $6.80
$2.30 7 Lauren's Halo $3.80 9 Famous Cry $2.40. Q: $50.20. E: $85.40. T:
$509.30. A2: 3-7 $11.80, 3-9 $11.30, 7-9 $13.60. Qd: (7 3 6 3): $10,467.60.
FIRST 4: (3 7 9 2): $6,014.20. Scr: 1,6,14,16.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 1 Adangertohimself 1 Hollywood And Vine $24.20.

OCF: 10 Vietato Fumare 1 Hollywood And Vine.

DOUBLE: 6 Belletrist 3 Amazing Dane $24.70.

TREBLE: 3 Get That Indya 6 Belletrist 3 Amazing Dane $106.40.

OCF: 3 Get That Indya 6 Belletrist 8 Amazing Dane.

ORANGE

Races 1-8 abandoned due to the state of the track .

CESSNOCK

Race 1: 7 Pretty Beach $12.20 $2.50 3 Universal Sevens $1.20 2 Queens Are Trumps
$1.50. Q: $15.10. E: $48.90. T: $98.80. A2: 3-7 $5.00, 2-7 $5.90, 2-3 $2.20. All
Started.

Race 2: 7 Summit $8.20 $2.40 14 Moonlight Avenue $4.10 6 Splendid Honours $3.10.
Q: $51.70. E: $43.00. T: $722.50. A2: 7-14 $13.10, 6-7 $12.90, 6-14 $13.60. Scr:
15.

Race 3: 6 Midnight At Ascot $3.60 $1.60 4 Eiredom $2.70 3 Blackzak $2.50. Q:
$18.80. E: $56.60. T: $165.80. A2: 4-6 $5.50, 3-6 $4.80, 3-4 $10.70. Scr: 11,14.

Race 4: 6 Olive Oyl $4.20 $1.70 9 Camalita $2.90 14 Kenjockety $2.40. Q: $27.10.
E: $37.60. T: $241.90. A2: 6-9 $6.40, 6-14 $6.20, 9-14 $9.10. Scr: 3,12,15,16.

Race 5: 7 Planet Melmac $15.70 $3.70 2 Prior Baron $1.70 8 Silver Street $4.30.
Q: $26.80. E: $77.80. T: $1,273.20. A2: 2-7 $7.40, 7-8 $24.20, 2-8 $19.40. FIRST
4: (7 2 8 9): Not won pool jackpots. Scr: 1.

Race 6: 11 Millymollymandy $25.70 $6.50 10 Amarone $7.20 3 Count Cyclone $2.40.
Q: $235.70. E: $918.30. T: $4,975.50. A2: 10-11 $47.40, 3-11 $20.20, 3-10
$57.00. FIRST 4: (11 10 3 8): Not won pool jackpots. Scr: 13,14,15,16.

Race 7:9 Spondoola $22.40 $6.40 15 Delightful Emperor $5.50 7 Dubai Direction
$1.70. Q: $244.70. E: $342.70. T: $6,401.90. A2: 9-15 $38.40, 7-9 $33.10, 7-15
$23.00. FIRST 4: (9 15 7 2): Not won pool jackpots. Scr: 5,8,16,18.

Race 8: 3 Bellotto Jak $4.90 $2.10 2 King Of Drift $3.00 5 Jose Eduardo $2.50.
Q: $34.10. E: $48.00. T: $354.20. A2: 2-3 $12.80, 3-5 $6.50, 2-5 $17.50. Qd: (7
11 9 3): Not won pool jackpots. FIRST 4: (3 2 5 1): $1,763.00. Scr:
10L,13,14,15,16.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 6 Midnight At Ascot 6 Olive Oyl $53.70.

OCF: 6 Midnight At Ascot 5 Oakfield Comet.

DOUBLE: 9 Spondoola 3 Bellotto Jak $126.10.

TREBLE: 11 Millymollymandy 9 Spondoola 3 Bellotto Jak $4737.50.

OCF: 6 Tuscanese 7 Dubai Direction 3 Belotto Jak.

TATURA

Race 1: 7 Dahlonega $2.20 $1.30 2 Mr Zac $6.80 1 Conbiani NTD. Q: $19.50. E:
$27.90. T: $130.70. Scr: 5.

Race 2: 1 Chive Bloom $1.40 $1.10 9 Liplock $2.00 5 Mcconnor $2.40. Q: $7.30. E:
$11.70. T: $36.20. A2: 1-9 $4.70, 1-5 $2.70, 5-9 $11.60. Scr: 4,6.

Race 3:6 Ultimate Surprise $7.90 $2.40 1 Bold Image $1.40 4 Magnetic East NTD.
Q: $5.40. E: $23.10. T: $67.50. Scr: 2,5,7,8.

Race 4:6 Hovercraft $2.00 $1.20 4 Elusive Lightning $1.70 10 Bellantina $1.80.
Q: $6.20. E: $11.20. T: $24.10. A2: 4-6 $2.00, 6-10 $2.30, 4-10 $6.00. Scr:
3,5,8,9.

Race 5: 6 Mahmentum $7.60 $2.40 1 Darwin $1.90 9 Owzat $2.00. Q: $16.20. E:
$38.10. T: $276.30. A2: 1-6 $4.20, 6-9 $9.90, 1-9 $12.80. FIRST 4: (6 1 9 4):
$1,469.40. Scr: 2,5.

Race 6: 3 Fermino Courage $10.90 $2.90 8 Distillery $1.80 9 Comic Composer
$1.20. Q: $20.80. E: $34.70. T: $129.10. A2: 3-8 $3.20, 3-9 $4.40, 8-9 $2.30.
FIRST 4: (3 8 9 1): $865.60. Scr: 5,6,7,11.

Race 7: 5 Rosa Delago $5.50 $2.10 1 Prinsom $1.50 3 Turantino $3.30. Q: $11.20.
E: $25.50. T: $151.00. A2: 1-5 $3.60, 3-5 $10.90, 1-3 $10.60. FIRST 4: (5 1 3
8): $1,300.80. Scr: 4,7,11L.

Race 8: 2 Rothschild Lad $7.10 $2.70 15 Morethanafeeling $3.70 9 Bussan Boy
$1.70. Q: $93.20. E: $191.80. T: $905.10. A2: 2-15 $20.20, 2-9 $4.80, 9-15
$9.30. Qd: (6 3 5 2): $6,998.40. FIRST 4: (2 15 9 10): $3,398.20. Scr:
1,3,5,6,7L,14.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 6 Ultimate Surprise 6 Hovercraft $34.10.

OCF: 1 Bold Image 2 Hovercraft.

DOUBLE: 5 Rosa Delago 2 Rothschild Lad $69.80.

TREBLE: 3 Fermino Courage 5 Rosa Delago 2 Rothschild Lad $485.20.

OCF: 9 Comic Composer 1 Prinsom 9 Bussan Boy.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                December 5, 1998

Boston: Gumshoe's guide

SECTION: The Guardian Travel Page; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 254 words


1, Saturday night: Settle down to the luxury you're unaccustomed to in the
Bristol Lounge of the Four Seasons Hotel (200 Boylston St).

2, Sunday, 10.30am: All- American breakfast at the Paramount (44 Charles St).

3, 12am: Glide round the frozen-over Frog pond on Boston Common, then stroll on
to the small but perfectly-stocked FAO Schwarz (Boylston St). Build your
strength back up in Finagle-a-Bagel.

4, 2pm: Plunge into Filene's Basement (426 Washington St). .

5, 5pm: Take the weight off and pile the calories on with tiramisu at Caffe
Vittoria (294 Hanover St), in Boston's Little Italy.

6, 7pm: Realise your hoop dreams and watch the Celtics fly at the FleetCenter
(150 Causeway St). Restock on hotdogs and onion rings.

7, 9.45pm: Amble down to the Black Rose (160 State Street), which is about as
down-home Irish as you can get 3,000 miles from the Emerald Isle - ie not very.

8, Monday, 10.30am: Catch up on some history with a trolley tour. Stop off and
wander around historic Faneuil Hall, the Cradle of Liberty, where you can also
stock up on snacks. . .

9, 3pm: Stroll down Newbury St and spend less than a small fortune in Gap, Guess
and Tower Records.

10, 6pm: Come over all sophisticated and spend unexpected change on a bottle of
wine at the ultra-trendy Sonsie (327 Newbury St).

11, 8pm: Finally make it to Ye Olde Union Oyster House (41 Union Street) for
dinner of clam chowder and New England lobster. Bibs and all. Well, if it was
good enough for JFK.


LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    October 30, 2003 Thursday Final Edition

Unlikely Stars vets don't look back: Numminen, high-priced Turgeon offer vast
experience

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Jean Lefebvre

SECTION: Sports; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: DALLAS

They sit diagonally across from each other in the home dressing room at the
American Airlines Center, these most unlikely members of the 2003-04 Dallas
Stars hockey club.

In the case of Teppo Numminen, the Texas-sized shock comes from seeing the
veteran defenceman model a strange National Hockey League uniform after 15
seasons in the Winnipeg Jets/Phoenix Coyotes organization.

Pierre Turgeon, meanwhile, against all expectations is back for a third season
in Dallas black, gold and green despite the fact the Stars in May bagged and
tagged the slick centreman and abandoned him at the curbside.

The Stars did what they could this summer to rid themselves of the remaining
three years and $20.5 million US on the 34-year-old pivot's contract.

They tossed Turgeon onto the waiver wire, only to see him get spit back.

Dallas management then tried to finagle a buyout, but balked at paying the going
rate of two-thirds the outstanding amount -- which worked out to almost $14
million -- while Turgeon, no fool, refused to accept less. Even hints the Stars
would let the former first overall pick and producer of 1,234 career NHL points
rot in the minors failed to make Turgeon blink.

Like it or not, the Stars and their handsomely paid forward were stuck with each
other.

"We'll move forward with him as a roster player in our organization," a glum
Stars general manager Doug Armstrong told the Dallas media after the spectacular
failure of L'Affaire Pierre. "There's not much else we can do."

Turgeon, coming off a 42-point season that matched the poorest output of his
16-year career, wasn't so cheery himself.

"Listen, I certainly wasn't happy with the situation," he admitted. "I was
pissed off. But when I started to work out this summer, I thought to myself:
'You have to move on. You have to turn the page.' My attitude was to come here
in good shape and, after that, it's full speed ahead.

"I don't," Turgeon asserted, "look backward."

In a much less acrimonious fashion, that was also Numminen's philosophy this
summer when he agreed to waive his no-trade clause and part with the only NHL
organization he's known.

"It was the right time to move," declared the 35-year-old from Tampere, Finland,
who was acquired July 22 in a three-cornered swap that sent Darryl Sydor to
Columbus and Mike Sillinger to Phoenix.

Numminen played 1,098 games with the Jets/Coyotes franchise, which was second
among active players only to Steve Yzerman's 1,378 appearances with the Detroit
Red Wings.

"It was different at the start," mused Numminen, "but, being here now for a
couple of months, you kind of grow into it.

"We have a good team and a good bunch of guys, so it's been lots of fun.

"It's been a nice, fresh, new start."

Should Numminen ever experience separation anxiety, he need only turn to his
left in the dressing room to commiserate with stall neighbour and fellow
blue-liner Don Sweeney, who signed on with Dallas this summer after 15 seasons
and 1,052 games as a Boston Bruin.

The support group, however, is apparently unnecessary.

"The family (wife Ann-Maarit and daughters Bianca and Erica) likes it here and
they're really enjoying themselves," said Numminen. "Everything worked out
well."

jlefebvre@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Pierre Turgeon; Photo: Teppo Numminen; Photo: Jeff Mitchell,
Reuters; Goalie Dany Sabourin and centre Craig Conroy are dejected after Bill
Guerin scores in the first period.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            February 28, 2003 Friday

California Dreaming: Three Sunny Getaways,page16

BYLINE: By IRA STOLL

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 858 words


Even if you can't finagle a visit to the Reagan Ranch (see story, page 1), Santa
Barbara is absolutely worth visiting. The county's tourism promotion operation
bills it as the "American Riviera," the idea being that the combination of
wineries, beaches, Mediterranean climate, fine food, and shopping make it kind
of like France - without the French!

Santa Barbara has an airport, but no airline flies there nonstop from New York.
If you're not in a rush, your best bet would be to fly into LAX or one of the
satellite Los Angeles airports, and then drive about 90 miles up the coast.

Along the way, it's well worth stopping at the Camarillo Premium Factory
Outlets, which has discount factory outlet outposts of Banana Republic, Brooks
Brothers, Betsey Johnson, Bebe, Coach, BCBG Max Azria, Barneys, and more than
100 other fashion and houseware retailers.

Also on the way up the coast, visitors can exit the 101 North at the Bailard
Avenue exit in Carpinteria, walk a few hundred yards, cross the railroad tracks
toward the ocean, and watch the waves crashing against the rocks.

It took us a good five minutes to realize those aren't rocks - they are harbor
seals, scores of them, tending to their young and wiggling their flippers and
sometimes swimming in the Pacific and otherwise enjoying themselves. A volunteer
guide with binoculars stands by to explain to innocent New Yorkers the
difference between a seal and a sea lion, how long seals are pregnant for, and
other seal facts. He'll also smile for any seal jokes, which earned him our, er,
seal of approval.

When the sun sets on the seals, make your way the final few miles up the coast
to Santa Barbara, a city of about 94,000. With the presence of the University of
California at Santa Barbara and Hollywood industry types who weekend here or go
into L.A. to take meetings once a week, it's a population big enough to support
shopping and fine dining worthy of a larger city. But it's small enough that
there's hardly any traffic, and the place has a pleasantly relaxed pace
appropriate for a vacation destination.

The great thing about Santa Barbara and many other California cities compared
with New York is that the wilderness comes right down to the edge of the city.
So a 15-minute drive can take you to a spectacular wooded trail up a mountain or
beside a creek. Most of the trails reward a vigorous climb with sweeping views
of the ocean below. The Romero Canyon Trail, the Cold Springs Trail, and the
Rattlesnake Canyon Trail are all worth exploring. Buy a topographic map from a
local bookstore or consult your hotel before you start, and be prepared for a
steep climb.

Those seeking a more controlled walk through the Santa Barbara Hills might
explore the city's Botanic Garden, where a $5 admission fee brings entry into a
carefully cultivated 65 acres with five miles of paths through redwoods, cacti,
poppies, and other California plants.

The shopping is about what you'd find in New York, but it's worth taking a
stroll down State Street and checking out the wares. The El Paso Import Co. (913
State St., 805-963-7530), offers antique-look wood furniture at a fraction of
the price you'd pay in New York. If you buy something there, they'll ship it to
New York City for a reasonable fee.

History buffs might also explore Mission Santa Barbara, established in 1786 and
still active as a church for the Catholic Parish of Santa Barbara. The Santa
Barbara Presidio, downtown, further explains the city's Spanish colonial roots.

Eating in Santa Barbara is a treat. Many of the restaurants try to take
advantage of locally grown California fruits and vegetables, and food is one of
the reasons that Julia Child retired to Santa Barbara from Cambridge, Mass. It
is said that Ms. Child's favorite Mexican restaurant is La Super-Rica Taqueria

(622 N. Milpas St., 805-963-4940), an unprepossessing shack with a covered
patio.

A more upscale option is Roy (7 West Carillo, 805-966-5636), which serves
terrific homemade whole wheat bread and has a nice selection of local wines by
the glass. The Wine Cask restaurant boasts its own extensive local wine
selection, an attached wine store, and a more casual and inexpensive menu at
Intermezzo cafe and wine bar (813 Anacapa St., 805-966-9463). Chocolate lovers
might try ordering a dessert there known as the "Chocolate Dome."

The Santa Barbara lodging scene generated a bit of buzz a few years ago with the
opening of the Bacara resort, designed to give the city's high-end standard, the
Four Seasons Biltmore, a run for its money. The cheapest rate at either one is
$395 a night. For those interested in luxury at a more reasonable price point
($215 to $550 a night), the Simpson House Inn (121 E. Arrellaga, 800-676-1280),

an 1874 home renovated into an AAA five-diamond bed and breakfast, is a fine
option. Room rates include an elegant breakfast and a cocktail hour with Santa
Barbara wines and hors d'oeuvres.

Those with more time to spend in the area can explore the beaches, take a boat
ride to the nearby Channel Islands, go wine-tasting in the Santa Ynez Valley, or
sit around their hotel rooms plotting a way to get a tour of Reagan's ranch.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     January 27, 1999 Wednesday 1ST EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Local Latinos won't get feed KCEC falls through the cracks

BYLINE: By Diane Eicher, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: D; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 535 words


While the Denver Broncos' faithful finagle ways to get tickets for the big game,
consider the sad tale of KCEC-Channel 50, a Spanish-language station in Denver.

It has tickets - among the best in the house, including a field pass for a
photographer and access to postgame interviews - but the station can't get its
staffers to Miami.

The super mess unfolded this week, after WB2-Channel 2 in Denver aired a story
about the station's plight: It had been denied Super Bowl credentials - and no
one seemed able to explain why.

Channel 50 has long covered the local team, including its exhibition appearance
two years ago in Mexico City, when the National Football League was courting
Hispanic fans. It covered playoff games this season, and provided footage to
other Univision stations around the country.

"We have a great relationship with the Broncos," sports/promotion director Luis
Canale said. His station's signal goes along the Front Range from the Wyoming to
New Mexico borders, reaching a possible audience of 500,000 viewers, he said.

So Canale naturally assumed he'd be granted press credentials for Sunday's Super
Bowl. He sent his application and said he received notice that the NFL was
processing it. The station made air and hotel arrangements.

Then late last week came the crushing blow: No credentials.

Because of "space limitations and the great number of applications" for media
access, said the letter from Pete Abitante, the NFL's director of international
public affairs, KCEC's application was denied.

Canale said he called the NFL for an explanation, but no one called him back.
WB2 reporter Ernest Gurule's story Monday night said he, too, had been unable to
get a comment from the NFL.

But after The Denver Post called the NFL's credentials office in Miami, league
public-relations spokesman Vince Casey said KCEC's application should have been
granted.

"It was an oversight     they should've been granted credentials," Casey said.
Media from the cities of the two Super Bowl opponents get priority
consideration, he said, and he was aware of KCEC's continuing coverage of the
Broncos.

Casey faxed a letter to KCEC on Tuesday and followed up with a call. Canale was
pleased, but he had a problem: After station officials got the denial, they
canceled the air and hotel reservations.

And now there are no reasonable airfares to be found.

"So we'll stick with Plan B, which was to watch it ourselves on TV here and have
Univision-Miami cover it for us," Canale said.

While WB2's story Monday questioned whether the credentials originally were
denied because KCEC is a Spanish-language station, the NFL's Casey said that
certainly wasn't the case.

"We credential Hispanic stations from all around the globe," he said.

Canale never did think discrimination was involved.

"I think we just fell through the cracks     but they sure picked the wrong time
to let that happen," he said. Canale said he doesn't hold a grudge, but noted
that local viewers who had been counting on the station to provide up-close
coverage of the team - in Spanish - are the losers.

Viewers will get that from the Miami crew, but it won't be as locally oriented,
added Canale.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 29, 1999

CORRECTION: The name of Luis Canela, sports and promotion director for
KCEC-Channel 50 is incorrect in story.

TYPE: SPECIAL SECTION

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Monson: One way or another, Jazz need Parker or Exum

BYLINE: By Gordon Monson Tribune Columnist

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Utah Jazz

LENGTH: 951 words


The NBA Draft is days away and rumors -- and lies -- are churning about which
team is going to do what at the top, including the Jazz at No. 5.

Fate has played its role, too.

One league insider claims Dennis Lindsey is working like a madman to move up to
get a shot at Jabari Parker, which, no doubt, would please a lot of Jazz fans
because Parker is a known talent ready to help now. He also might be a player
comfortable thriving in the Utah market, given his familiarity -- despite
growing up in Chicago -- with the religious culture here. He is a Mormon, and
there's no sense in completely ignoring that fact.

There's also no sense in reading too much into it. If the Jazz are not convinced
Parker is a near-perfect fit on the floor or worth the cost of acquiring the
pick position from which they could take the freshman out of Duke, you can
forget about that proposition. The decision is 100 percent about basketball, not
about religion or culture or comfort or guessing about the likelihood of him
wanting to stay here sometime at the end of the decade. Everybody could be out
of a job by then, if the wrong decisions are made now.

Imagining what it would take for the Jazz to finagle that kind of upward move is
fun, if nothing else. How much would you offer the Cleveland Cavs, the Milwaukee
Bucks or the Philadelphia 76ers to make a leap from five to one, two or three to
get Parker, if you loved him? Would you package, say, the fifth pick, the 23rd
pick, and next year's first-round selection, unprotected, to edge up just a few
spots? If you had to, would you throw in another pick or Enes Kanter for the
move?

Man, that's expensive, especially considering that no matter who the Jazz draft
this time around, there's a strong possibility they'd end up in the lottery
again next year. On the other hand, great is tough to come by in the NBA. Good
is much more common. Great is almost always worth the sacrifice to acquire, even
if it means giving up a whole lot of good.

The Cavs, Bucks and Sixers, teams with all kinds of needs, know this, too.

Let's say the Jazz aren't all that enamored with Parker, or that a deal cannot
be made, and they're stuck at five. What happens then?

Obviously, it depends on what the teams ahead of them do.

A lot of folks who get paid to study such things say the Cavs will take Joel
Embiid with the first pick. Make that would have taken, considering news of
Embiid's just-discovered right foot injury. First it was Embiid's back, then the
foot. Now, nobody's sure about anything anymore. Parker and Andrew Wiggins are
there. Is Embiid still worth taking at or near the top? Is that risk worth
taking? If he is, the question becomes: What will the Orlando Magic do? The
answers to that are here, there, everywhere.

Some say the Magic will take point guard Marcus Smart. Others say they're
interested in forward Noah Vonleh, an 18-year-old with all kinds of potential,
athleticism and yet-untapped ability. If Embiid drops, would the Sixers take
Vonleh? Dante Exum, the 6-foot-6 guard out of Australia, who says he wants to
play the point in the NBA despite the fact that a lot of basketball experts say
he's better suited for the 2, will be available to either the Sixers or the
Magic. He's built a lot like Michael Carter-Williams.

No matter what happens with Embiid, the Jazz are probably hoping the Magic take
Smart and that Exum is on the board. They should hope, anyway.

Smart, who was not one of the 89 players the Jazz worked out in the run-up to
the draft, has indicated either the Jazz aren't interested in him or he's not
interested in the Jazz. They already have Trey Burke, they could extend John
Lucas III as their third point guard and sign Raul Neto, the European player
from Brazil who has impressed the club. He's been hanging around Salt Lake City
in recent days. No need, then, for Smart.

It doesn't matter that Exum thinks he's a point guard. He would fit in nicely
between Burke at the 1 and Gordon Hayward at the 3. He's a creative, athletic
guard who can score. He moves up and down the floor with long strides. He needs
to toughen up a bit on defense, but with his length and mobility he could be, in
time, a stopper. Moreover, in the afterglow of the Spurs' success in the Finals
against the Heat, a series during which San Antonio averaged 97 more passes per
game than Miami, Exum's willingness to set up teammates is highly valued.

If it goes the other way, if Wiggins, Parker, Exum and, say, Vonleh are gone by
five, would the Jazz take a chance on Embiid? Or would they choose between Aaron
Gordon and Julius Randle, bigs that would be plugged in somewhere with Derrick
Favors and Kanter? There have been questions about Randle's foot, too. How's the
saying go? Don't count on big men with foot injuries and shooters with bad
backs. Randle claims he's fine. Embiid's foot might be broken.

Gordon is young (18) and still largely undeveloped at the offensive end. He is
the best athlete of that bunch, a strong defender, but would have to learn to
shoot. Vonleh, if he's around, is rising on a lot of boards, having impressed
teams with hints of vast potential.

It's hard to know which way the Jazz, or most anyone else, are going to go next
week. Here's what we do know: We're in the zone now where everybody lies.
Sources are hard to trust. Your mother would be lying right now, were she
working in a front office.

Who the Jazz get depends on what all the other liars do. Embiid's injury has
knocked everything catawampus. A Jazz move for Parker would be great, but a
tall, tall order. Exum, also a long shot, may be their best hope now.

GORDON MONSON hosts "The Big Show" with Spence Checketts weekdays from 3-7 p.m.
on 97.5 FM/1280 and 960 AM The Zone.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

AROUND THE RINKS

BYLINE: ERIC DUHATSCHEK

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 386 words


CREATIVE CAPPING

Leave it to the New Jersey Devils' wily general manager Lou Lamoriello to
finagle the NHL's salary cap to suit his purposes. After months of angst about
which core player(s) he might have to dump to accommodate Ilya Kovalchuk's
$100-million contract, the answer was zero. By putting the concussed Bryce
Salvador on long-term injured reserve, designating Anssi Salmela as an injured
non-roster player, and starting the season with a 20-man roster, the Devils
squeezed in under the $59.4-million limit.

WHere are they now?

Remember Mikael Tellqvist, the Toronto Maple Leafs' third-round pick in 2000,
who played 113 NHL games, divided mostly between Toronto and the Phoenix Coyotes
during the last decade? Tellqvist is in the Continental Hockey League (KHL),
playing for Dynamo Riga. Like a lot of goaltenders, he was farmed out against
his will, hoping to return to the NHL as a bargain-basement backup once his
contract expires.

FAIR CHANCE FOR FOWLER

The Anaheim Ducks will give defenceman Cam Fowler, the 12th pick in the 2010
draft, a month or so to show he's ready to play in the NHL. They also hope it's
enough time for Toni Lydman to recover from a perplexing attack of double vision
that forced him to miss camp. Lydman was signed as a free agent to offset the
losses of blueliners Scott Niedermayer and James Wisniewski. It was hoped Lydman
could play top-four minutes on a Ducks team trying to rebuild its defence on the
fly. Haute Couture

Is there another young player with a greater opportunity off the start of the
year than Logan Couture (ninth overall in the 2007 draft)? The San Jose Sharks'
prospect had nine points in 25 NHL games last season and about a million
frequent-flyer points, shuttling back and forth between the minors and NHL.
Couture starts the year with 83-point Patrick Marleau on the left side and
82-point Dany Heatley on the right. Sheppard out of flock

As if the Minnesota Wild didn't have enough problems, they have suspended the
once promising James Sheppard, who shattered his left kneecap in an off-season
ATV accident and wasn't healthy enough to participate in camp. That removes
Sheppard's $800,000 salary from the payroll, and you would think be the tipping
point that gets the Halifax-born, ninth overall pick in 2006 out of there.

All currency U.S.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 28, 2006 Wednesday

HEARING AIDE - CONTROVERSIAL BIOVAIL LAWYER FINAGLES HILL AUDIENCE

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER BYRON and RODDY BOYD

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 414 words


A lawyer who once sent private investigators to rummage through the trash of a
Wall Street analyst who had soured on a client will be addressing Capitol Hill
today as a shareholder advocate.

Marc Kasowitz, who is appearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss
the role of hedge funds and independent stock analysts, is the lead counsel for
the Canadian company Biovail Inc. in its suit against New Jersey-based Rocker
Partners and Arizona research firm Gradient Analytics.

The Web site witness list for today's hearing describes Kasowitz only as a
representative of the Alliance For Investment Transparency.

The Post has reported that one of Kasowitz's clients, Biovail, used his law
firm's private investigators to repeatedly hunt through the garbage of Jerry
Treppel, a former Banc of America Securities Analyst, who has been involved in a
multiyear legal feud with the company.

A spokesman for the Alliance, Michael Sitrick, said several of Kasowitz's legal
clients felt they had been harmed by abusive short-selling.

He refused to disclose the Alliance's other corporate members.

Sitrick said the Alliance was formed only recently and that it operates out of
Kasowitz's New York law offices. But switchboard operators at the law firm said
yesterday they had never heard of the group and until now had received no phone
calls for it.

A search of state and federal records revealed no document trail showing that
such an entity actually exists.

An advance copy of Kasowitz's testimony did not go into the extensive legal woes
of his client, Biovail, a Canadian drug company under intense regulatory
scrutiny in both the U.S. and Canada.

In February, Biovail filed suit against a host of hedge funds and independent
research shops for allegedly conspiring to drive down its stock price.

The hearing is a culmination of intense behind-the-scenes political maneuvering
by Biovail and Overstock.

com, a Utah-based Internet retailer that has made the fight against naked
short-selling a corporate obsession and is pursuing similar claims against the
same group of hedge funds and analysts.

One Capitol Hill veteran said the Judiciary Committee's decision to hold the
hearings was due in part to Biovail's choice of lobbyists:

Makan Delrahim, a former aide to Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch.

While he denied to The Post that he influenced the committee, he said that he
has "worked hard to present [Biovail's] concerns about unfair analyst and hedge
fund collaboration to policy makers."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

New NHL, same old Wings General manager Holland finagles way to keep superstars
in Detroit

BYLINE: Adrian Dater Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 652 words


Detroit - In the new NHL, the free-market capitalists have turned socialist.
When the revolution came, in the form of a new collective bargaining agreement
that included a salary cap, free-spending teams such as the Avalanche and
Detroit Red Wings were met with schadenfreude from much of the league.

The thought those teams won't be able to buy a Stanley Cup anymore was
accompanied by snickers. Nobody is laughing now. The Avalanche has been better
than many people thought, and entering tonight's game with Colorado, no team in
the league has more points than Detroit at 32. The rich, in Detroit's case, are
still getting richer.

Red Wings general manager Ken Holland has heard the question, "How have you
managed to do it?" more than once in the wake of a 15-5-2 start. Many have
wondered how Holland was able to retain so many of his top players after his
payroll was cut from roughly $74 million to $39 million.

"We lost some guys, guys like Ray Whitney and Derian Hatcher. But I think we
were able to keep a lot of the guys that fans have come to associate with the
Red Wings," Holland said.

Such players include captain Steve Yzerman, the NHL's longest-tenured player,
and veterans Nick Lidstrom, Kris Draper, Kirk Maltby, Brendan Shanahan, Tomas
Holmstrom and Chris Chelios. The Wings also found a way to fit young stars Pavel
Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg under the cap.

It seemed an impossible task, like fitting a teenage girl's entire wardrobe into
a small suitcase. But Holland, at least for one year, was able to pull it off.

"Obviously, some guys had to take a little less money to stay," Holland said.
"Some guys, like Yzerman and Chelios, they're near the end of their careers and
they could take less money. We're right up against the cap, and I'm sure we will
be the rest of the year."

A few months from now, teams such as Detroit and Colorado might be in for a
shock. What really separated the haves from the have-nots in the old NHL came at
the trade deadline. The teams that were out of the playoffs and needed to pare
some payroll became prey for the rich teams, and the Avs and Wings were
vultures. Colorado acquired players such as Theo Fleury, Ray Bourque and Rob
Blake near the deadline in the past, while the Wings went after Chelios, Robert
Lang, Wendel Clark, Matthieu Schneider and others over the years.

"Those days are over," Holland said. "If we're making moves at the deadline,
it's basically going to be similar contracts for each other. I also think, with
the trade deadline being 40 days out now, instead of 27 to the end of the
season, you're going to have more teams in the playoff race and less willing to
trade an important asset."

Holland said he was a bit surprised the Avalanche didn't find a way to re-sign
Peter Forsberg, but called Colorado "still one of the best teams in the West."

"Pierre Lacroix has done a tremendous job still," Holland said. "He's always
managed to pull a lot of rabbits out of his hat."

Detroit, whose game with Nashville on Monday night was postponed because of a
medical emergency to defenseman Jiri Fischer, has struggled in the past week
after a blazing start.

"We were able to bank a lot of points early. We caught some teams that were
struggling, like Chicago," Holland said. "It used to be that, in this
conference, you could pretty much predict the teams that would be there at the
end. I still think by the end of the year in this new league, it's going to be a
dogfight at the end for teams to make the playoffs."

Adrian Dater can be reached at 303-820-5454 or adater@denverpost.com.
------------------------- SPOTLIGHT ON STEVE YZERMAN

The longtime Red Wings captain recently was critical of the new NHL rules. Age
and injury have slowed the future Hall of Famer, which may in part explain his
mood. He remains an icon in Detroit and the leader in the Red Wings' dressing
room.

-------------------------

COLORADO AT DETROIT 5:30 tonight, Altitude

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            January 3, 2009 Saturday
                                   Edition 1

A life built on be-bop;
Novel

BYLINE: NATALIE SANDISON

SECTION: BOOKS; FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 332 words


PERCEPTION, deception and the chilling conclusion that we are often, in the end,
the ones most deceived, come up a lot in literary fiction, often lurking behind
weightier themes, but there nonetheless: self conscious, questioning, anxious,
like the neurotic ghost of the writer herself testing us to believe. Ami Silber
flanks the perception-deception-self-deception theme with racism, patriotism and
American capitalism and marches it to the front of the stage for examination in
this brilliant debut.

The Bronx-born jazz pianist Louis Greenberg finagles out of fighting for his
country in the Second World War and comes instead to Los Angeles, where he
spends his days conning the widows of war veterans out of their money and his
nights working the piano in the all-black jazz clubs in search of his be-bop
dream.

He is an outsider, as far removed from the white picket fences of the women he
cons as he is from the black music scene as a white Jewish man.

Nowhere is this more apparent than in the bedroom of his lover, a black woman
called Beatrice, with whom he can never have a future in the segregated world of
the 1940s.

But Louis dreams of making it and the dream becomes all consuming, pushing him
on to play in the dark of the clubs, dodging, diving, continuing to dream of
fame and a life with Beatrice. He imagines that when he makes it all the
dissonant threads of his life will come together, erasing the mistakes of the
past.

Silber has taken on a huge challenge in recreating the contradictions of postwar
Los Angeles and has pulled it off with aplomb. It is all there - expanding,
raging, corrupting - on every page of this novel and Louis is an unforgettable
protagonist, his tale told in a wonderful mixture of con slang, jazz patois and
Jewish New York, creating a toughtalking, sentimental and manipulative
anti-hero. An astonishing debut and a brilliantly engrossing read.

NATALIE SANDISON Toby, £14.99; 350pp £13.49 (free p& p) 0845 2712134
timesonline.co.uk/booksfirst

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 28, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Even in Alabama, Constitution's church-state separation applies

BYLINE: Tom Teepen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 03f Tom Teepen

LENGTH: 560 words


The U.S. Supreme Court has kissed off another attempt by Alabama to finagle
prayer into public classrooms. The court continues to hold, contrary to the
declared position of the state's governor, that the U.S. Constitution applies to
Alabama. The justices' persistence in the conceit is touching, though still of
indifferent effect. The ruling ought to discourage the school-prayer hustle, but
then so should have all the other like rulings since 1963. School prayer is a
sure-fire pheromone to a certain genus of politician. Humping as always these
days to appease their party's religious right, congressional Republicans and GOP
presidential hopefuls, for instance, bawl for its restoration. And, really, how
much would it matter if we bored just a teeny hole in the wall of church-state
separation? Well, maybe we can guess at the consequences from some of the abuses
that occur despite the intact wall. In a suburban school district in the South,
a foreign-language teacher offers 10 bonus points to students who say ''I love
Jesus'' in the language. Jewish kids who do so are then quizzed by the teacher
about whether they really mean it. When they say they just want the extra
credit, they're knocked down to three points. A city cheerleader coach
encourages --- and seems almost to expect --- student attendance at meetings of
the Christian Fellowship of Student Athletes. A teacher in Tennessee uses
biblical citations in classroom lessons so incessantly that, according to an
investigator of the matter, teaching turns into preaching. In Alabama, Jewish
parents in one district had to seek court protection for their kids from
proselytizing school officials, and in another district a court-appointed
monitor is working to tamp down schoolhouse evangelism. The Southeastern office
of the Anti-Defamation League logs whole categories of ongoing problems: Schools
selling faddish WWJD wrist bands --- What Would Jesus Do --- to raise money, for
instance, and teachers and administrators saying prayers over classroom
loudspeakers. Imagine how much more charged the atmosphere would be if children
were, in effect, forced either to go along with classroom prayer or ostracize
themselves. Most proponents of school prayer, at least the ones outside
politics, are sincere in believing society somehow would be healed by it. What
they fail to understand is that Christian prayer would mark off the children of
minority religions --- a growing number, with Muslim and Hindu immigration ---
as The Other, exotics rather than classmates. School prayer enforces division;
it doesn't heal it. In its latest run at the wall, Alabama tried to get around
that by requiring that prayers be nonsectarian, but what's the point of that? A
prayer that could be equally intended for Hera as for any other deity offends
and trivializes faith rather than honors it. Prayers like that are the empty
calories of religion. They nurture no spiritual growth. The U.S. Department of
Education has published guidelines showing just how, and just how much, religion
can constitutionally be part of student life. Quite a lot, it turns out. How odd
to hold that the only scholastic faith that could possibly matter is the
unconstitutional sort. Tom Teepen is national correspondent for Cox Newspapers.
His column appears Sundays and Tuesdays. E-mail: teepencolumn@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   October 26, 2005 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Grand jury indicts Mariano;
The councilman is accused of taking bribes. His defense lawyer says the case is
"winnable."

BYLINE: By John Shiffman and Michael Currie Schaffer; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1110 words


Philadelphia City Councilman Rick Mariano took bribes to help businessmen
finagle schemes that cost taxpayers more than $700,000 - crimes that netted him
just $30,000 - a federal grand jury charged yesterday.

The corruption charges, which his lawyer vigorously disputed, were filed less
than a week after a despondent Mariano climbed to the top of City Hall and
sparked a suicide scare that ended with a weekend of psychiatric care.

The grand jury alleged that in exchange for paying $23,000 in credit-card bills
and providing a fancy gym membership, Mariano helped his codefendants acquire a
significant tax break, a lucrative city contract, and valuable vacant city land
at a discount.

Mariano also participated in a cover-up, according to a 26-count indictment that
made him the first elected city official charged with public corruption since
1991.

In addition, officials are investigating recent allegations of witness
intimidation.

"This indictment tells a story that is becoming quite familiar - a public
servant uses his position to help those who would help him," U.S. Attorney
Patrick Meehan said. "For bribes and gifts, Rick Mariano sold out the very
people that he represents."

The grand jury charged Mariano with conspiracy to commit public corruption,
fraud, money laundering, and filing a false tax return.

If convicted, he faces at least 10 years in federal prison.

Mariano's attorney, Nino V. Tinari, said the case against his client is "not
only defensible, not only triable, and I mean this sincerely - it is winnable."

"We will do what is absolutely necessary to clear Rick Mariano's name," he said.

Mariano has been largely in seclusion since his release from Pennsylvania
Hospital on Saturday.

The pugnacious councilman is expected to undergo scheduled knee surgery today,
then surrender to the FBI tomorrow - about the same time Council conducts a
regular meeting.

Most of the other defendants were expected to appear in magistrate's court this
afternoon. Each is expected to be released after posting bail.

Mariano, who is paid $102,000 a year as a councilman, has said he intends to
remain on Council. The indictment means taxpayers will no longer pay his legal
bills.

Mariano's Council colleagues offered little reaction yesterday. Most said they
had not yet read the indictment.

Councilman Michael A. Nutter, the body's leading force for new ethics laws, said
only: "I'm wishing him the best in a very tough situation."

The case was assigned to U.S. District Judge Lawrence F. Stengel, a Lancaster
native who took the bench last year.

The indictment, which outlines four primary schemes, tells "a story of greedy
business activities and greedy political behavior," said Jack Eckenrode, the FBI
agent in charge in Philadelphia.

The first alleged scheme involved winning a tax break for Erie Steel Ltd., a
business in Mariano's district.

Philip Chartock of Philadelphia and his father, Louis Chartock of Longport,
N.J., are accused of helping Mariano pay off $23,000 in credit-card debt in
exchange for helping their company win a tax break. After City Council shifted a
tax-free zone in 2003 to include Erie, the company saved at least $72,000 in
taxes, officials said.

The Chartocks also are accused of falsely telling authorities that the payments
were loans and had been repaid. Joel Slomsky, who represents the elder Chartock,
declined to comment. Philip Chartock's lawyer was not available.

In the next alleged scheme, Joseph Pellecchia of Sewell, Gloucester County, is
accused of helping Erie Steel pay $6,672 of Mariano's credit-card debt. In
return, the indictment said, Pellecchia received a $225,000 consulting contract
in 2003 with the city school district.

Pellecchia's lawyer, Bob Levant, said: "This is much ado about nothing, and Mr.
Pellecchia will be vindicated at trial."

Vincent DiPentino of Philadelphia is accused of helping Erie Steel pay $10,900
of Mariano's credit-card debt. In exchange, DiPentino allegedly received
Mariano's help obtaining vacant land. His lawyer, Mark Pedrone, has said
DiPentino would plead guilty and cooperate.

Finally, Reinaldo Pastrana of Philadelphia is charged with buying Mariano a gym
membership at the Sporting Club at the Bellevue in exchange for his vote to help
Pastrana acquire a city-owned property on the 2700 block of North American
Street in 2002 for $100,000 - a quarter of its appraised price.

Mariano, a self-described "blue-collar guy" and sometime electrician, made no
secret of his Bellevue membership, telling reporters about his run-ins at the
exclusive gym with local celebrities and political figures, including Gov.
Rendell.

The indictment also alleged that last year Louis Chartock offered Mariano
staffer Anna Davila money and a trip to Florida for help with a zoning issue.
When Davila refused, the indictment said, Chartock complained to Mariano, who
then "berated [her] for not assisting Louis Chartock."

"A tongue-lashing from the boss - that was the staffer's reward for honesty,"
Meehan said. "What does that encounter say about who this public servant was
really serving?"

Mariano's lawyer called the allegation "probably an overreach."

Davila declined to comment.

If convicted of participating in the corruption conspiracy, the Chartocks,
DiPentino and Pellecchia each could face three years in prison, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Michael A. Schwartz said.

Yesterday's indictment did not include the names of two men arrested following a
related raid by IRS and FBI agents at a city strip club, Dangerous Curves. Kevin
Rankin and Bishop Krabsz were charged as felons in possession of weapons
following the raid, but officials now say there is no link to the Mariano case.

The Mariano case is unrelated to the continuing City Hall corruption case - the
one in which former City Treasurer Corey Kemp was sentenced to 10 years in
prison. Still, Meehan said: "It represents the kind of culture of corruption
that exists in the City of Philadelphia, where people wash the hands of those
who grease their palms."

Nutter yesterday reiterated his call for an independent city ethics board.

"All of us in public service would benefit from regular training in ethics -
what we can and cannot do, what is acceptable behavior for public servants. That
is the primary responsibility of a fully empowered ethics board, and that is why
I've been pushing for that for some time," he said. "This has nothing to do with
any individual person. There are 23,000 public employees, and we would all
benefit."

Contact staff writer John Shiffman at 215-854-2658 or jshiffman@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

Incentivising IT workplaces

BYLINE: Fiona Smith

SECTION: NEWS; GENERAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1044 words


How would you like to join a company that offers you, as a welcoming gift, a
year's supply of beer?

If the amber drop is not to your taste, don't worry, there's also $10,000 in
cash, a fixed-gear bicycle, authentic skinny jeans, Buddy Holly-style glasses,
worn- looking brown boots and moustache grooming as part of the package.

In the unlikely event that you are a woman joining United States social media
startup Hipster, there's a sort of half-hearted concession of fringe-trimming to
keep your hair in shape, instead of the moustache trim.

Oh what it is to be in demand, and how different life is for the rest of us who
have skills that are in plentiful supply.

For us poor saps, if we are lucky enough to finagle a job, we are pleased if our
employer remembered to supply a desk and fixed-line phone.

In Silicon Valley, however, information technology companies are engaged in a
war to steal each other's staff.

It is worth taking a look at their tactics to get an idea of how things may
change when the economic climate eventually improves, and the talent shortage
spreads beyond the resources sector and other small, but high growth pockets of
activity.

Hipster is a San Francisco company set up to share photos that are permanently
linked to locations like postcards. Earlier this year it was sold to AOL.

A company the size of Hipster doesn't have a hope of competing for software
developers and engineers against Facebook, Google and Zynga, so it has to try
something really different to get their attention.

As well as offering the generous Hipster package to turn your average computer
boffin into a cool dude, it also offers the same deal to those who recommend a
person who agrees to join the company.

Recruitment expert John Sullivan was visiting Australia from the US last month,
to speak at the Australasian Talent Conference about agile companies.

Sullivan says wild gyrations in markets and economies are the new normal.

In Silicon Valley, where Sullivan works, the quality of employees is the
difference between the winners and the losers - and everyone knows it.

"We bid for people. We fight for people," he says.

Throwing a slide up onto the screen at the conference, Sullivan explains how
good, innovative people can produce far more revenue than more ordinary
employees.

"The biggest thing in Silicon Valley is innovation," he says.

"They measure innovation before they measure productivity, because they make
huge margins [through innovation]."

Employees in IT companies in Silicon Valley bring in an average of $US208,000
($NZ260,000) each.

At IBM, the figure is $US245,000 (22 per cent above average), Hewlett-Packard
(HP) $US394,200 (nearly double the average), Microsoft $US771,000 (3.5 times),
Google $US1.18 million (nearly six times), and Apple $US2.25m (nearly 11 times).

Sullivan notes it takes nearly eight people at IBM to produce the same revenue
as at Apple.

"When you look at profit per employee, the figures are just as stark: HP
$US20,235, IBM $US36,609, Microsoft $US260,756, Google $US299,874 and Apple
$US521,043. So it takes 15 more employees at IBM and 25 more employees at HP, to
make the same profit," he says.

Sullivan provides some snapshots of recruiting trends in one of the hottest job
markets in the world:

Poach - Outside the Yahoo! head office, there's often a taco truck waiting to do
business. "It is run by their competitors and it doesn't sell tacos - it gives
them away if you bring your resume," Sullivan says.

Another firm has been putting recruiting signs in the Yahoo! bathrooms, says
Sullivan.

Benefits - Google's employee benefits are already famous: lap pools, massages,
free food, valet parking, live music every lunchtime and dogs in the office.

But the company also posts up one-page guides to testing processes in the toilet
cubicles and monitors collaboration so closely that it is actually someone's job
to measure the cafeteria line to make sure it is not too long (people walk away)
and not too short (they don't have time to talk).

Collaboration - Facebook supplies a laundromat to encourage strangers (who are
also employees) to chat to each other and, perhaps, to collaborate.

Temps - Almost 45 per cent of workers at Microsoft are there on a contingent
basis, allowing the company to quickly scale up and down, according to demand.

Sullivan recommends companies aim for 50 per cent contingent workers.

You choose - At Google, after recruits are put through a six- week boot camp,
they are asked if they wanted to do a different job than the one they applied
for.

"Can you imagine being asked to pick any job you want?"

Google also hosts a "hackamonth" where employees can work on any project they
like for that month and, if they like it, they can leave the job they had and
transfer.

"[They dont need] approval. Is that agility? Yeah. Does it keep people excited?
It sure does," he says.

Repurpose - At Southwest Airlines, instead of retrenching 80 recruiters during a
downturn, they moved them into areas such as customer service.

Flexibility - Deloitte gives its employees the opportunity to nominate whether
they would like to dial their careers up or down, to work more or less, to
travel more or less.

At electronics retailer Best Buy, people in the head office can work where and
when they like, as long as they produce good results.

The turnover of these employees is 45 per cent lower, which equates to $102,000
per employee saved.

Undercover - At online shoe store Zappos, the driver who picks job applicants up
from the airport is also there to spy on them, goading them to tell him what
they really think of the company.

"The minute you say you hate the company, you've lost the interview," says
Sullivan.

As a further measure to weed people out, new recruits are offered $3000 to quit.
"A bad customer service person could cost you hundreds of thousand of dollars,"
he says.

Video - People are now being interviewed via video and can even do it through
their mobile phones. Zappos asks for a video cover letter.

Fun - Make it into a game. Gamification will be coming to you soon for dull
jobs. Fairfax

--------------------

CAPTION:

World-famous benefits: Google's employee benefits are already legendary: lap
pools, massages, free food, valet parking, live music every lunchtime and dogs
in the office.

Picture: FAIRFAX

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 6, 2011 Wednesday

SHOCKING AND TRICKY POWER PLAY - FIRMS CALL SELVES FACTORIES TO FINAGLE TAX
BREAK

BYLINE: CHUCK BENNETT

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 544 words


These guys are shockingly good at avoiding taxes.

Two city power plants legally declared themselves factories rather than
utilities to save a bundle on city property taxes, The Post has learned.

Both NRG Energy's Astoria Gas Turbine Power facility in Queens and its Arthur
Kill power plant on Staten Island were classified as factories to net the lower
tax rate.

In the case of the Astoria plant, NRG Energy fought all the way to the state
Court of Appeals to make sure it was taxed at the lower rate, in yet another
example of how the city's private power-plant operators manipulate complicated
utility laws to fatten their bottom lines.

The city's private power industry is on the hot seat after a separate ruling
from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission this year that allowed companies
to include the cost of their property taxes in setting rates, even though
generating plants already get tax abatements.

The decision amounted to a $525 million windfall for the power companies, funded
by a 12 percent rate increase for New York City residences and a 17.5 percent
rise for businesses.

NRG Energy of Princeton, NJ, purchased the 520-megawatt, natural-gas-fueled
Astoria facility from Con Ed for $505 million in 1999 during a newly inaugurated
period of utility deregulation.

The next year, NRG challenged its 2001-2002 tax assessment from the city's
Department of Finance, arguing that it wasn't a utility even though the tax code
defines a utility as "property with equipment owned by a gas, telephone or
electric company."

Instead, NRG argued that because it was deregulated, it doesn't fit the
traditional definition of a utility.

A state Supreme Court justice disagreed, ruling it was a utility.

But NRG went to the Appellate Division, where it won a reversal, and the city
filed its own appeal.

Then the state's highest court, the Court of Appeals, again ruled in favor of
NRG. "Because [Astoria Gas] is subject to lightened governmental regulation, it
cannot be considered a public utility," the panel wrote.

Last year, Astoria Gas paid a commercial-property-tax rate of 10.31 percent
rather than the utility rate of 12.63 percent.

NRG did not return requests for comment.

Meanwhile, the FERC said that it is carefully reviewing the requests it received
from Mayor Bloomberg, Sen. Charles Schumer and others to review its recent
decision involving power plants and taxes.

"It is not uncommon for parties to seek rehearing in contested proceedings, and
the commissioners give careful consideration to those filings," said spokesman
Craig Cano.

The president of the industry's lobbying group, Gavin Donahue, predicted that
customer rates wouldn't rise either way, despite the FERC tax ruling:
"Considering the current levels of excess supply in the system and expected new
resources coming on line soon, the overall impact is likely to be a fraction of
those [projected rate-increase] numbers."

----

'Because [Astoria Gas] is subject to lightened governmental regulation, it
cannot be considered a public utility and should not be classified like one.'
- State Court of Appeals ruling of Oct. 17, 2006, that upheld NRG Energy's claim
that its Queens power plant (above) should be considered a factory for tax
purposes Oct 17 2006

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Queens power plant.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 26, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

For the Record

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 269 words


From a news briefing yesterday with White House press secretary Michael McCurry:

Q: Does the president still have confidence in Dick Morris after all those
articles appeared this week raising questions about his role . . . ?

A: Yes.

Q: Did the president talk to Dick Morris about trying to finagle the Per ot
stuff?

A: . . . Not to my knowledge, but the others in the White House have talked to
him and Mr. Morris made it clear that it just is, the story's not true.

Q: Did Dick Morris have confidence in the president? [Laughter.] Why does the
president have confidence in someone who undercuts him, undermines him with
other politicians apparently?

A: Well that's a very strange interpretation of his role. I don't accept the
premise of the question.

Q: What does the president think about the speeches that [Dick Morris] wrote for
other politicians, basically trashing his administration?

A: He has known Dick Morris for 17 years.  Dick Morris has a very good
understanding of where the president wants to lead this country, and the
president and Dick Morris have reviewed his past work. And the president, being
a Baptist and being one who believes in redemption, understands the parable of
the prodigal son.

Q: Is he once and for all in Clinton's camp now?

A: There's no question about that. Yes.

Q: . . . It was suggested in the Cleveland Plain-Dealer that Dick Morris was
offering Gordon Black some help in order to get Perot on the ballot, in order to
divide up the anti-Clinton vote out there.  . . . Has the White House looked
into that allegation?

A: No. . . .

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                August 15, 1988

Republicans get free ride on convention net

BYLINE: By Patricia Keefe, CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 104

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


Befitting the GOP image of fiscal restraint, the Republican National Committee
has managed to finagle its way into free use of a 120-node network for this
week's convention.

A package deal with the city of New Orleans requires that the city pick up a
leasing tab in excess of $500,000 for the convention network, made up mostly of
hardware and software from 3Com Corp. and Tandy Corp.

After the departure of the party faithful, Tandy plans to donate the network to
the city, said Julie Perrier, a spokeswoman for the convention who is overseeing
the computer network.

Staffers at the convention will rely on a roughly two-mile-long 3Com network,
situated within the New Orleans Superdome, to link participants and support
committees spread out inside the stadium and in area hotels.

Middle of the road

The Republicans' temperate approach to information processing is reflected not
only in the cost of the network -- which is about $150,000 less than the
local-area network installed at last month's Democratic National Convention [CW,
July 18] -- but also in overall system size.

Where the Democrats concocted a web of nine local-area networks over 23 miles of
fiber-optic cable, the GOP net was executed on a much more conservative scale.
The Republicans made do with three centrally located, interconnected LANs linked
to four remote work groups scattered across the city.

Despite its relatively diminutive stature, the logistics of the network required
a substantial investment in time, Perrier said. Tandy, acting in its capacity as
a 3Com reseller, has spent a solid five months designing, installing and
tweaking the network. Tandy is actually managing the network, she added.

Tandy also trained Republican Party volunteers and got the nod to provide
18-hour-a-day support during the convention.

Running under 3Com's 3+ network operating system, the network consists of about
six segments of thin Ethernet cable connected via a 3Com Multiconnect repeater,
120 3Com 3Station diskless workstations, five Intel Corp. 80386-based dedicated
file servers and about 45 peripherals, including Tandy LP1K laser printers.
About 70 of those workstations and two of the 3Server/401 file servers will be
used in the Superdome.

Also located on the convention floor are about 30 stand-alone Intel 80286-based
Tandy 3000HLs. They will be used for spreadsheet, word processing and special
report activities. Lotus Development Corp.'s 1-2-3 and Aldus Corp.'s Pagemaker
got the votes here.

Information has already been downloaded from a Digital Equipment Corp. VAX
located at party headquarters in Washington, D.C. Via a remote link, it will be
used to maintain data emanating from the convention.

All the planks of this network are connected. The four remote work groups will
transmit files to and from the Superdome using 3Com's 3+ Route.

Several software packages will be deployed on the network. 3Com's 3+ Mail will
route electronic mail messages systemwide while staff committees use a multiuser
version of Wordperfect Corp. word processing. This will enable interactive
review and editing of documents.

A version of Borland International's Paradox database -- customized by Tandy to
make it menu-driven -- will help keep track of volunteer schedules,
transportation and hotel arrangements, news releases and related documents.

No 'wimp factor'

A four-pronged approach will eliminate any "wimp factor" in security efforts to
keep access to the network and the Superdome tight as a drum. For starters, the
system employs password security. Each of the 200 users has his own directory,
which cannot be accessed by anyone else.

Paradox will enable security personnel to monitor access to various entrances
and checkpoints throughout the convention center and to maintain records of
equipment.

In addition, two 3Com devices will administer network security. Lanscanner is a
handheld device used to locate breaks, weaknesses and obstructions in the
network wiring. Etherprobe software will assist in troubleshooting individual
packets of information transmitted on the network and help maintain data
reliability during the convention.

The only snag in the entire process was a brief encounter with a brownout,
Perrier said.  Given the nation's heatwave, that problem could return at any
time. But uninterruptible power supply and a universal disturbance analyzer will
allow the GOP LAN to just say no to power fluctuations. And just to be safe, two
redundant file servers are being used for nightly backup purposes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1988 Computerworld, Inc.


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday

THE POL OF ILL. REPUTE'S GABBY GRAB FOR 'GRAFT'

BYLINE: BRENDAN SCOTT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 948 words


Gov. Rod Blagojevich awoke yesterday to a ringing phone in his North Side
Chicago home. It was 6 a.m., the day before the Illinois Democrat's 52nd
birthday.

But Special Agent Robert Grant, who heads the FBI's Chicago office, was not
calling to wish Blagojevich well.

Grant told the governor he was under arrest. Two agents were outside his front
door.

If he surrendered quietly, the agent assured Blagojevich, the media would not be
notified. The powerful chief executive's two young daughters would not see their
father handcuffed.

"Is this a joke?" the governor replied.

For weeks, federal officials had been listening in on wiretaps as the governor
and his aides brazenly plotted a myriad of exotic and creative ways to
"monetize" his public office and sell President-elect Barack Obama's Senate seat
to the highest bidder.

The discussions were all laid out in the 76-page criminal complaint filed by the
US Attorney's Office yesterday.

In one free-wheeling conference call with a DC political consultant on Nov. 10,
the governor discussed asking Obama to install him at some high-paying
foundation or a nonprofit tied to the powerful labor union, SEIU.

They also discussed appointments to various Cabinet posts or jobs for the
governor's wife.

"Is there a play here, with these guys, with her," Blagojevich inquired about
the possibility of his wife Patti putting her securities licenses to work with a
firm in Washington or New York.

Blagojevich later confided to his chief of staff, John Harris, that the Senate
decision would be based on three criteria: "Our legal situation, our personal
situation, my political situation."

"This decision, like every other one, needs to be based upon on that," he
continued in the Nov. 12 conversation. "Legal. Personal. Political."

"Legal is the hardest one to satisfy," replied Harris, who was also charged.

The next day, Blagojevich told an adviser how to chat up an unnamed Obama aide
about a foundation job without making it sound like it was tied to the Senate
pick.

"It's said and it's unsaid," the governor instructed.

Earlier in the process, Blagojevich boasted about how eager the supporters of
some candidates were to engage in the blossoming bidding war.

"We were approached 'pay to play,' " the governor said in a conversation
recorded Oct. 31, five days before Election Day.

"That, you know, he'd raise me 500 grand. An emissary came. Then the other guy
would raise a million, if I made him a senator [candidate]," he continued.

But none of the arrangements seemed to be enough for Blagojevich, who was
overheard saying he was "struggling" financially and did "not want to be
governor for the next two years."

"I want to make money," he insisted.

He chafed at what he saw were Obama's efforts to install a favored candidate
without a payoff. He rejected aides' advice to "suck it up."

"F- - - him," Blagojevich said. "For nothing? F- - - him."

Hoping to increase his leverage, Blagojevich, who had one of the lowest approval
ratings among the nation's governors, bragged that he might just appoint himself
to the seat.

"S- - -, I'll just send myself, you know what I'm saying," Blagojevich bragged
to an adviser. "I'm going to keep this Senate option for me a real possibility,
you know, and therefore I can drive a hard bargain."

In fact, the governor likened his efforts to that of a hard-driving sports agent
shopping a free agent to potential teams, according to the complaint.

On Nov. 10, the feds say, Blagojevich was overheard discussing ways to make
money off the relationships he had cultivated as governor - or, as he put it, to
"monetize" them.

But for all his brazenness, Blagojevich worried aloud about getting caught in
such dealings.

When one aide suggested they compile a list of things Blagojevich wanted in
exchange for the Senate seat, the governor cautioned, "It can't be in writing."

The "trick is how do you conduct indirectly a negotiation," he said later.

Just five days ago, the governor implored a fund-raiser to be discreet in
delivering the executive's demands to a Senate hopeful.

"You gotta be careful how you express that," he said. "And assume everybody's
listening, the whole world is listening. You hear me?"

The Senate talks were among the more sordid of the allegations contained in the
bomb shell complaint.

Federal authorities also accused him of considering whether to call back $8
million in state aid to a children's hospital after an executive failed to
produce a $50,000 campaign donation.

A donor told federal investi gators he once discussed a high-level state
appointment with Blagojevich while a $25,000 check sat on the governor's desk.

As the feds closed in on Blagojevich, the governor's scheming only increased.

He plotted with aides and advisers on whether to withdraw funds from Friends of
Blagojevich to avoid having them frozen by the authorities.

Blagojevich saw appointing himself to the Senate as an opportunity to escape
impeachment by the state Legislature and a chance to draw more resources if he
was indicted as senator, according to the complaint.

Perhaps most shockingly, he actually hoped a move to Washington could help him
repair his image in time for a presidential run in 2016.

Blagojevich even appeared to taunt investigators Monday, when asked by reporters
about a story that he was under surveillance, likening it to Watergate.

"I believe there's nothing but sunshine hanging over me," Blagojevich said. "If
anybody wants to tape my conversations, go right ahead. Feel free to do it. I
can tell you whatever I say is always lawful."

Hours later, Blagojevich met the FBI agents at his door and was placed in
handcuffs.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: POWER COUPLE: Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich, according to federal
wiretaps, even tried to finagle a high-paying job for his wife, Patti. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 1, 2001 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

STATES TRY TO STAY ONE STEP AHEAD AS YOUTHS TURN TO HIGH-TECH METHODS TO ALTER
THEIR IDS

BYLINE: Diane Toroian Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 553 words


Thanks to sharp pen knifes and dull bouncers, many of us used bogus ID cards to
finagle our way into bars.

Today, tamper-proof licenses and state classes for bartenders and clerks make it
tougher for minors to get served. Still, local liquor control officials say
Missouri could do more to stop fake ID cards. They would like Missouri to
emulate other states, such as Illinois, that encode information on the back of
drivers licenses. They say such information on a bar code or magnetic strip
would help bartenders and police officers identify phony or altered cards.

"Missouri has the strip but never encoded it. Some states include everything
from hair color to eye color. All you would have to do is swipe the card to tell
if it is a fake," said Bill Torno, district supervisor of the Missouri Division
of Liquor Control. "Right now, if you swipe the back of a Missouri license,
nothing comes up."

A spokeswoman for the Department of Revenue said that the agency was considering
encoding information on the back of the licenses, but that changes are at least
a year away.

Illinois already has introduced such technology. Paul Froehlich, coordinator of
the Illinois drivers license fraud unit, says the license's bar code foils
youngsters who use high-tech printers to create a phony cover for their real ID.
Still, not every liquor store and bar has a scanner, which can cost hundreds of
dollars.

Wily youth also are using sophisticated desk top publishing programs and
Internet services to obtain fake ID cards.

Jenna Bush, 19, daughter of President George W. Bush, shunned such technological
wizardry and simply tried to pass for someone else at an Austin, Texas,
restaurant Tuesday, police said.

"What she (allegedly) did is the most common thing for kids to do. All of the
things that we have in place are not going to stop the young imposter," said
Froehlich.

That's why careful attention is the law's best tool. Torno sponsors programs to
teach bouncers how to detect fake cards. Sometimes, bartenders are forced to
attend the classes after they have been caught serving minors. Other times,
restaurant owners ask for help teaching their staff.

The classes teach bouncers to identify security features, such as the state seal
hologram on the Missouri license or the "A Safer State with .08" hologram on the
Illinois license. They also review the basics: checking the expiration date and
making sure the picture on the card matches the person presenting it.

"Sometimes, they are so fixed on the date they don't notice the people aren't
the same," said Torno.

Froehlich said minors could lose their license for a year if they tried to use a
bogus ID. In Missouri, judges typically order a fine or some community service.
For instance, the 200 minors who committed liquor vi olations at Soulard Mardi
Gras this year had to spend 24 hours cleaning up the neighborhood.

Liquor control agents are resigned to this eternal game of cat and mouse. Each
year, bartenders turn in enough fake IDs to help wallpaper the office of St.
Louis Excise Commissioner Bob Kraiberg.

"I don't count them. I just have gobs," said Kraiberg. "But no matter how good
they get, it's our position that if you are in the bar business you should know
the difference. It's not enough to say, 'Well, I didn't know.'"

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: PROFILE; JENNA BUSH AND BARBARA BUSH; UNDERAGE DRINKING; SIDEBAR STORY

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 25, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

Party Time In Beverly Hills

BYLINE: Tony Kornheiser

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE F1; TONY KORNHEISER

LENGTH: 952 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Having wanted to go to a fancy Hollywood party all my life, I was thrilled to
finagle an invitation to this one -- though it wasn't technically a party, but a
fund-raiser to save the Amazon Rain Forest. Springsteen, Sting and Billy Crystal
had agreed to perform. I'd have flown to Brazil and lain in front of a bulldozer
to see it; it's a once in a lifetimer. Most of the parties I'm at don't have
big-name entertainment, unless you count Jonathan Myron Pitagorsky donning a
grass skirt and dancing the cool jerk.

"How many people are coming?" I asked the PR man.

"About 800."

"And it's in someone's back yard?"

"It's a big back yard."

"Probably helps on a resale: 'Spacious yard, seats 800 comfortably.' "

The house belonged to Ted and Susie Field. He's a son of the late Marshall
Field, the department store magnate. Forbes magazine estimates his net worth at
$ 500 million. He's 37 years old. Nice work if you can get it.

"What should I wear?" I asked. "Is it dressy? I have a suit, though I don't
suppose anyone in California wears suits, do they?"

"You mean, since David Niven died?"

"I want to dress appropriately for the Amazon Rain Forest. Either I wear a suit
-- or a flannel shirt and carry a chain saw."

I was told to report to Beverly Hills High School, where guests would board
shuttle buses to the Fields' home. The tone of the evening was set when I drove
up and found Beverly Hills High had valet parking.

The ride took 10 minutes. (I sat next to a couple who'd just bought a Range
Rover for their live-in maid. "She likes to ski," they explained.) The grounds
were decorated to approximate a rain forest. Great, lush ferns were everywhere,
brightly colored in the tropical yellow, orange, red and blue hues you see on
parrots. They even pumped in humidity. Actually, it felt like the Rock Creek
tennis courts in late July. You want rain forest? Go north on 16th, turn left.

Celebrity-spotting was a cinch. Mingling among some studio execs and some trophy
wives were Tom Selleck, Don Johnson, Jeff Bridges, Ted Danson, Martin Short,
Kevin Costner, Ed Begley Jr., Norman Lear, Goldie Hawn. Each was taller, shorter
or thinner than I thought -- except Ed Begley Jr., whom I never think about.

There was a tent, and my table was near the back. Any further, it would've been
in Nevada, but who's complaining? I'm in a Beverly Hills mansion the size of the
Pentagon, I'm eating fancy food, and Bruce Springsteen is about to play. I'm
going to bitch about this? (I overheard Martin Short's wife gushing, "I can't
believe we got invited! I'm going to hear Springsteen in someone's back yard! I
couldn't tell my friends -- they'd hate me." Her friends were probably in
somebody else's back yard watching Paul McCartney. I couldn't tell my friends --
they'd tell me to steal the towels.)

Billy Crystal emceed. He did a sports routine beginning with the amazing
Tyson-Douglas fight: "At least Buster Douglas acknowledged he was hurt when he
went down for 94 seconds -- he was down longer than Tyson's last fight! Usually
boxers don't cop to it. Tyson once hit Trevor Berbick so hard, Trevor did the
dance Ann-Margret did in 'Bye Bye, Birdie.' Did he hurt you, Trevor? I was
stunned, that's all, stunned." Crystal then recalled a high school basketball
game where he guarded "a building in a pair of shorts. He comes down the court
laughing at me. 'Where you from, Oz?' He's huge. I can't tell exactly how huge
because he's like cloud cover. But his crucifix is so large, it has a real guy
on it."

After a film about the destruction of the Amazon Rain Forest, Sting got onstage,
flanked by Herbie Hancock and Branford Marsalis, and sang a haunting,
reedy-voiced "My Funny Valentine." Then he summoned Bruce Hornsby and The Boss.

"Sting told me this was gonna be kind of like a big cookout in somebody's back
yard," Springsteen said in that pseudo-auto mechanic way he has. "I say, 'What
if it rains?' He says, 'We'll pitch a tent.' I say, 'How'll we raise the money?'
He says, 'We'll charge heavy for the meal. It's L.A. Nobody'll mind.' "

Grinning, Springsteen strummed an acoustic guitar and sang "The River" and a
rocker titled "You Don't Know What You Got Till It's Gone," which -- to Sting's
overt skepticism -- Springsteen claimed was originally recorded by a Jersey
group, Johnny Moore and the Lonely Milkmen. "Really, Bruce, the Lonely Milkmen?"
Sting teased, then introduced Don Henley, who sang "The End of the Innocence" to
Hornsby's choral piano. I sat wide-eyed, totally star-struck. I'm in back yards
all the time, and not once have I run into Johnny Moore.

Joking that "it's always been my ambition to create the best garage band in
history," Sting called up Paul Simon, who did "Slip Slidin' Away" with
Springsteen, Henley and Sting singing backup! (I assumed it was like the NBA
All-Star Game where Larry Bird is happy to pass to Michael Jordan for the sheer
thrill of playing with him.) Sting closed the performance by leading the others
in "Every Breath You Take."

I stood by my seat watching them leave the stage -- this remarkable array of
talent -- and tried to convince myself this was all real. I gave back-yard
parties as a kid. We didn't shuttle the guests up in vans, they drove Chevy
Novas and Plymouth Furys with their high school graduation tassels hanging on
the rearview mirrors. We didn't charge $ 1,000 a head, and we didn't serve
lobster and Oregon chardonnay. We had a keg, a record player and a stack of 45s.
After a while the only song that got played was "Tonight, Tonight," and couples
drifted out of the range of the floodlights and into each other's dreams. All
these years and I finally learned the secret: Get a bigger back yard.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

This is what it's like to be really,

BYLINE: Fiona Smith

SECTION: WORK SPACE; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 1334 words


In Silicon Valley, IT firms are engaged in a ferocious war to steal each others'
staff. It's worth taking a look at their tactics to get an idea of how things
may change here when the economic climate eventually improves and the talent
shortage spreads beyond the resources sector, writes Fiona Smith.

How would you like to join a company that offers you, as a welcoming gift, a
year's supply of beer? If the amber drop is not to your taste, don't worry,
there's also $10,000 in cash, a fixed-gear bicycle, authentic skinny jeans,
Buddy Holly-style glasses, worn-looking brown boots and moustache grooming as
part of the package.

In the unlikely event that you are a woman joining US social media start-up
Hipster, there's a sort of half-hearted concession of fringe-trimming to keep
your hair in shape instead of the mo' trim.

Oh what it is to be in demand. And how different life is for the rest of us who
have skills that are in too-plentiful supply. For us poor saps, if we are lucky
enough to finagle a job, we are lucky if our employer remembered to supply a
desk and fixed-line phone.

In Silicon Valley, however, IT companies are engaged in a ferocious war to steal
each others' staff. And it is worth taking a look at their tactics to get an
idea of how things may change here when the economic climate eventually improves
and the talent shortage spreads beyond the resources sector and other small, but
high growth, pockets of activity.

Hipster is a San Francisco company set up to share photos that are permanently
linked to locations - like postcards. Earlier this year, it was sold to AOL.

A company the size of Hipster doesn't have a hope in hell of competing for
software developers and engineers against Facebook, Google and Zynga, so it has
to try something really different to get their attention.

As well as offering the generous Hipster package to turn your average computer
boffin into a cool dude, it also offers the same deal to those who recommend a
person who agrees to join the company.

One of the founders of Hipster, Doug Ludlow, told the New York Times: "As you
know, recruiting is insanely competitive right now, so we wanted to do something
that would break through the noise, and get the attention of the people we're
trying to reach."

Days after Hipster launched its recruiting campaign, in June last year, it had
received 240 applications, 40 from developers.

Ten per cent of the applicants had come from big names, such as Google, Twitter,
SalesForce, Oracle and AOL. Getting those people to interviews would normally
cost "hundreds of thousands" of dollars in recruiters' fees, Ludlow says.

"And we did it for free," he says.

Recruitment expert John Sullivan was visiting Australia from the US last month
to speak at the Australasian Talent Conference about agile companies.

Sullivan says wild gyrations in markets and economies are the "new normal".

"Old tools are not going to work in the new up and down world," he says. "The
world is going to change rapidly, violently, whether you like it or not. You've
got to be the fastest, the cheapest, the best, or you are going to lose."

In Silicon Valley, where Sullivan works, the quality of employees is the
difference between the winners and the losers-and everyone knows it. "We bid for
people, we fight for people," he says.

Throwing a slide up onto the screen at the conference, Sullivan explains how
good, innovative people can produce far more revenue than more ordinary
employees.

"The biggest thing in Silicon Valley is innovation," he says. "They measure
innovation before they measure productivity because they make huge margins
[through innovation]."

Employees in IT companies in "the valley" bring in an average $US208,000. At
IBM, it is $US245,000 (22 per cent above average), HP $US394,200 (nearly double
average), Microsoft $US771,000 (3.5 times), Google $US1,180,000 (nearly six
times), and Apple $US2,249,000 (nearly 11 times).

Sullivan notes: "It takes nearly eight people at IBM to produce the same revenue
as Apple".

When you look at profit per employee, the figures are just as stark: HP
$US20,235, IBM $US36,609, Microsoft $US260,756, Google $US299,874, and Apple
$US521,043. "So it takes 15 more employees at IBM, 25 more employees at HP, to
make the same profit. So, if this was basketball or footy and it took 25 more
players to score the same number of points, wouldn't you be in trouble?" says
Sullivan.

"So you need to learn what the hell goes on at Apple, what goes on at Google and
Microsoft."

Sullivan provides some snapshots of recruiting trends in one of the hottest job
markets in the world.

Poach: Outside the Yahoo! head office, there's often a taco truck waiting to do
business. "It is run by their competitors and it doesn't sell tacos, it gives
them away if you bring your resumÃ©," says Sullivan.

Another firm has been putting recruiting signs in the Yahoo! bathrooms, says
Sullivan. "Yahoo! gets raided hourly," he says.

Benefits: Google's employee benefits are already famous: lap pools, massages,
free food, valet parking, live music every lunchtime and dogs in the office. But
the company also posts up one-page guides to testing processes in the toilet
cubicles and monitors collaboration so closely that it is actually someone's job
to measure the cafeteria line to make sure it is not too long (people walk away)
and not too short (they don't have time to talk).

Google writes its strategic plan up on a whiteboard in its lobby to remind
people of what they should be doing. It has also plastered that plan on the side
of a bus that drives by Microsoft in Seattle, where Google is trying to recruit.

Collaboration: Facebook supplies a laundromat to encourage strangers (who are
also employees) to chat to each other and, perhaps, to collaborate.

Temps: Almost 45 per cent of workers at Microsoft are there on a contingent
basis, allowing the company to quickly scale up and down, according to demand.

Sullivan recommends companies aim for 50 per cent contingent workers.

You choose: At Google, after recruits are put through a six week boot camp, they
are asked if they wanted to do a different job than the one they applied for.

"Can you imagine being asked to pick any job you want, 'it's OK with us'?"

Google also hosts a "hackamonth" where employees can work on any project they
like for that month and, if they like it, they can leave the job they had and
transfer.

"[They don't need] approval. Is that agility? Yeah. Does it keep people excited?
It sure does," he says.

Repurpose: At Southwest Airlines, instead of retrenching 80 recruiters during a
downturn, they moved them into areas such as customer service.

Flexibility: Deloitte gives its employees the opportunity to nominate whether
they would like to dial their careers up or down, to work more, or less, to
travel more or less.

"You can change your own job at will without approval. Wouldn't you like that?

So what percentage of employees took a gear down? Well, the answer was
two-thirds wanted more work," he says.

At electronics retailer Best Buy, people in the head office can work where and
when they like, so long as they produce good results.

The turnover of these employees is 45 per cent lower, which equates to $102,000
per employee saved. "That's $13 million a year".

Sullivan says these employees are also 35 per cent more productive.

Undercover: At online shoe store Zappos, the driver who picks job applicants up
from the airport is also there to spy on them, goading them to tell him what
they really think of the company.

"The minute you say you hate the company, you've lost the interview," says
Sullivan.

As a further measure to weed people out, new recruits are offered $3000 to quit.
"A bad customer service person could cost you hundreds of thousand of dollars.
For $3000 they'll quit. Two to 3 per cent take the cash."

Video: People are now being interviewed on video and can even do it through
their mobile phones. Zappos asks for a video cover letter.

Fun: Make it into a game. Gamification will be coming to you soon for dull jobs.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The ever popular George Clooney signs autographs in South Carolina
during a tour . . . You've got to be the best. Photo: Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               February 11, 2005 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Perdew learning reality of Trump

BYLINE: JEFF HARRINGTON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 736 words


Kelly Perdew, recent winner of the popular reality TV series The Apprentice,
learned quickly how to finagle assignments out of his new boss, real estate
tycoon Donald Trump.

"If you stand by his office, you get picked," Perdew said. "You want something
to do, you just walk by the office."

Take his first day on the job, Jan. 10. Showing up for a 9 a.m. appointment
inside Trump's office, the apprentice ran into a group of developers from Tampa
walking out. They had just publicly revealed plans to build Trump Tower Tampa, a
high-priced condominium project in downtown Tampa that, at 52 stories, would be
the tallest building on Florida's west coast.

"They start talking about Tampa and I say, "I'm from Sarasota and I lived in
Tampa,' " Perdew recalled. "Mr. Trump hears it and says, "Kelly's going to come
down and help you guys.' "

So began an unprecedented marketing push for a high-rise project that touts 190
condominium and penthouse units priced from $700,000 to $6-million apiece.

Last month, Trump indicated that buyers had reserved 70 percent of the units and
developers predict the project will be sold out.

Skeptics wonder just how far the Trump name can carry the project. They point
out only a dozen condos sold for more than $1-million in Hillsborough County in
the past four years. Moreover, the 10 percent deposit for a reservation is
refundable. Once the sales phase begins Feb. 18, buyers will need to plunk down
a nonrefundable 20 percent deposit.

Nevertheless, Perdew and Jody Simon, part of a local development team partnering
with Trump, said they are confident an "exceptionally high rate" of people will
move from reservations to sales contract. And they downplay speculation that
many buyers will be speculators out for a quick profit by flipping units.

"It's going to turn out to be a lot of these people's primary residence," Perdew
said.

Perdew swung through Tampa on Thursday, promoting the Tampa high-rise a week
before Trump comes to town to kick off sales. The 38-year-old software
executive, whose father lives near Sarasota, talked with the St. Petersburg
Times about his multiple roles in the Trump organization, the prospects of Trump
Tower Tampa and whether his boss is pushing his name too far.

How far can the Trump brand name go?

Look at his success and the way the brand's been used. The books are one thing.
They've been off the chart. He's got a clothing line at Macy's . . . Trump's
suits sold five times more than (Macy's) best-selling (specialty lines) ever had
before. There's the cologne. Where can't the brand go? You tell me.

Aren't you concerned about overkill? Can too much Trump be bad thing?

Too much by definition is too much. But if he takes that brand and focuses it
for the right reasons . . . it's a pretty compelling brand. People have attached
to (the name) luxury, the best things in life, billionaire status.

Are your Tampa duties confined to marketing?

I'm not a real estate expert, so my objective for this was to be an apprentice
and learn as much as possible. It's a lot easier to do sales and marketing when
you're first starting than try to do operations. I'm not going to pretend to
come in and build the building.

What other tasks are you handling for Trump?

There's 40 Wall Street - 1-million square feet of commercial office space. I'm
working closely with (Trump protege) George (Ross) in understanding everything
about the commercial market: managing brokers, which is always a fun task, and
managing leases.

And I'm (marketing the water brand) Trump Ice. It's a great opportunity for us
to partner with the distributors and area bottlers and do some fun marketing
things. Something Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory-esque. You know, the
golden ticket. You win a trip to New York City and have dinner with The
Apprentice or come to the live finale.

How much of your time will be spent on the Tampa project?

It will be front-loaded for this with the expectations that things are going so
well . . . Next Friday is the official sales launch . . . The following week I'm
going to be here for the Outback Pro-Am golf tournament, with a lot of media
attention, and be able to talk about the project.

And get a few swings in, too?

Well. A lot of swings. The way I look at is I'll have one of the best pros there
(as a partner) because I'll be one of the worst amateurs.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Kelly Perdew

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               November 16, 1994 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

TAKING THE HEAT OUT OF THANKSGIVING

BYLINE: NORA ELIZABETH VILLAGRAN, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 1064 words


YOU don't want to cook Thanksgiving dinner, but you haven't managed to finagle
an invitation to someone's house. You can still have someone else do the
cooking.

If you opt for carryout, follow these food safety measures:

* If you pick up the meal the night before, do not put the whole stuffed turkey
in the refrigerator. Remove the stuffing and carve the turkey. Reheat the turkey
to at least 160 degrees.

* Don't let the prepared turkey (if you pick it up Thanksgiving Day) sit on the
counter until you're ready to serve it. Refrigerate any leftovers within two
hours of when the turkey is removed from the oven.

South Bay

* COSENTINO'S, Bascom and Union avenues, San Jose, (408) 377-6661.

For $10, Cosentino's will roast turkeys ($15 for those more than 20 pounds). For
$7.50, it will carve a turkey. For $10, it will serve turkey on a platter. Bread
stuffing, $5.98 a quart. Mashed potatoes, $4.98 a quart. Gravy, $4.58 a quart.
Pies available at bakery. Not available at Santa Clara branch. Order ahead in
person or by phone. Pick up the day before Thanksgiving. Closed Thanksgiving.

* GENE'S QUITO MARKET, 18850 Cox Ave., Saratoga (Quito Shopping Center), (408)
374-5198.

Cooked turkeys, $2.99 a pound. Mashed potatoes, $1.99 a pint. Gravy, $4.29 a
pint. Stuffing, $3.59 a pint. Candied yams, $2.98 a pint. Cranberry sauce, $2.25
a pint. Pick up the day before Thanksgiving. Open 8 a.m.-8 p.m. Last day to
order is Saturday.

* HONEY-BAKED HAMS, 750 S. Winchester Blvd., San Jose, (408) 247-1501; and other
Bay Area locations.

Uncarved smoked turkey, $3.79 per pound. Ham, $4.49 per pound. Must be ordered
by Thursday. Pick up 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Closed Thanksgiving.

* LUCKY. All markets.

Regular turkey dinner, $29.97: a 10- to 12-pound turkey, stuffing, mashed
potatoes, gravy, cran-apple sauce, dinner rolls. Deluxe turkey dinner, $43.99: a
12- to 14-pound turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy, cran-apple sauce,
dinner rolls. Ham dinner, $31.99: honey ham, scalloped potatoes, green bean
amandine, mashed yams, dinner rolls. Cooked turkeys require two-hours' heating
time. Order by Monday. Pick up day before Thanksgiving or by noon Thanksgiving
Day.

* NOB HILL. All markets.

Turkey dinner, eight servings, $39.95: a 12- to 14-pound turkey, mashed
potatoes, stuffing; gravy, cranberry sauce, rolls. Call your local Nob Hill
market.

* PETRINI'S. All markets.

Turkey dinner, six to eight servings, $49.99: a 10- to 12-pound turkey, yams,
cranberry sauce, stuffing, gravy, rolls, pumpkin pie; eight to 10 servings,
$59.99. Ham dinner, six to eight servings, $39.99: a 6 1/2-pound honey-glazed
ham, chutney, green beans with hazelnuts, potatoes, rolls, apple pie. Closed
Thanksgiving; pick up the day before.

* SAFEWAY. All stores with delis. Call (800) 723-3929 to order.

Turkey dinner, six to eight servings, $29.98: a 10- to 12-pound turkey with
bread stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes, rolls, pumpkin pie. Ham
dinner, six to eight servings, $39.98: ham, green beans, bread stuffing,
potatoes au gratin, rolls, pumpkin pie, roasting pan. Whole roasted turkey,
15-16 pounds, $22.98. Spiral-sliced honey-glazed ham, 6 to 7 pounds, $2.99 per
pound. Open Thanksgiving; pick up by noon.

* WHOLE FOODS MARKET, 15980 Los Gatos Blvd., Los Gatos, (408) 358-4434; 774
Emerson St., Palo Alto, (415) 326-8682.

Turkey breast, $8.99 a pound; vegetable puree, $3.99 a pound; mashed potatoes,
$4.99 a pound; cranberry orange sauce, $5.99 a pound; mushroom gravy, $6.99;
acorn squash, $4.99 a pound. Combination plates available. Closed Thanksgiving.
* ZANOTTO'S. 1970 Naglee Ave., San Jose, (408) 294-9151; 14 Victor Square,
Scotts Valley, (408) 438-4324; 700 Front St., Santa Cruz, (408) 423-4994.

Turkey dinner, $74.95: a 10- to 12-pound turkey, stuffing, broccoli and
cauliflower, mashed potatoes and gravy, yams, green salad, Waldorf salad,
cranberry orange relish, dinner rolls, pumpkin pie. Order by Tuesday. Closed
Thanksgiving.

* FAIRMONT HOTEL, 170 S. Market St., San Jose, (408) 998-1900.

Turkey dinner for eight, $79: a 12-pound turkey, yams, vegetables, cornbread
stuffing, salad, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes, gravy, rolls, butter and
choice of pumpkin, apple or mincemeat pie. Place order by noon Tuesday. Pick up
9 a.m.-4 p.m. Thanksgiving at the Pagoda restaurant.

Santa Cruz

* CARRIED AWAY, 7564 Soquel Drive, Aptos Center, Aptos, (408) 685-3926. Squash
soup, $2 a cup. Green salad, $2 a serving. Roast turkey, half or whole, $4.25 a
pound. Bread stuffing with sausage, $4.75 a pound. Gravy, $2.25 a cup. Cranberry
sauce, $2.25 a cup. Sweet potato-orange gratin, $3.50 a pound. Buttermilk mashed
potatoes, $3.50 a pound. Caramelized root vegetables, $6 a pound. Pear crisp, $6
a pound. Order by Tuesday; pick up 10 a.m. to noon Thanksgiving Day.

* GAYLE'S BAKERY & ROSTICCERIA, 504 Bay Ave., Capitola, (408) 462-1200. Whole
roasted turkeys, 15 pounds, $60; 12 pounds, $45. Gravy, $2.75 a cup. Stuffing,
$6.25 a pound. New potatoes, $5.95 a pound. Cranberry sauce, $5.50 a pound.
Rolls, 25 cents each. Turkey breast, $9 a pound. Half a turkey, $30. All turkeys
are unstuffed. Pumpkin pie, $10. Pecan pie, $15. Pumpkin cheesecake, $22. Fruit
pies, $15. Pickup times, call the store.

Peninsula

* DRAEGER'S, 1010 University Ave., Menlo Park, (415) 688-0686; 342 First St.,
Los Altos, (415) 948-7204.

Cooked turkeys, 10 to 12 pounds, 29.95. With dressing and gravy, one quart each,
$39.95. Also available: gravy, $7 a quart; dressing, $6 a quart. Pumpkin pie,
pecan pie, apple pie, pumpkin cheesecake. Call for more information. Order ahead
for pickup the day before Thanksgiving.

San Francisco

* THE RITZ-CARLTON, 600 Stockton St., San Francisco, (415) 296-7465.

Thanksgiving dinner, six to eight servings, $130: pumpkin soup, mesclun salad
with basil walnut dressing, 10- to 12-pound cooked turkey stuffed with chestnut
dressing, candied yams in brown sugar, baked beet and fennel salad, braised
brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes and gravy, pumpkin pie, corn muffins. Reserve
by Friday; credit card required. Pick up 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Thanksgiving Day.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: A SPECIAL HOLIDAY SECTION

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: The holiday feast on your table doesn't have to come out of your kitchen.

941116 FO 3E 1

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 14, 1988, Thursday, City Edition

Worrell rips management for Cardinals' problems

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL INSIDER; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS; CINCINNATI; NEW YORK



ST. LOUIS - St. Louis Cardinals relief pitcher Todd Worrell blames    club
management for the fact that the team is mired in fifth place in    the NL East.


     "We're in a tough situation with the personnel we have on our    ballclub
right now," Worrell told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch on    Tuesday. "I don't
know if anyone is afraid to say anything, but we're    obviously not the team we
were two years ago or even last year."

     Last season St. Louis won its third NL pennant of the 1980s. But    Worrell
said since the club lost first baseman Jack Clark to free    agency in January,
club management hasn't made much of an effort to    win.

     "Organizations, including the Cardinals, want to somehow finagle a
winner or a contender without spending any money," Worrell said.    "They want
to do it as cheaply as they can."

     Worrell, the rookie of the year in 1986 who has had consecutive    30-plus
save seasons, has been critical of Cardinals management since    he was forced
to settle for a $ 200,000 contract this spring.

 Reds trade Jones to Expos

   CINCINNATI - The Reds, hoping to rouse their lagging 42-45 team at    the
All-Star break, Wednesday traded outfielder Tracy Jones and    right-handed
pitcher Pat Pacillo to the Expos.

     In return, Cincinnati received catcher Jeff Reed, outfielder Herm
Winningham and right-handed relief pitcher Randy St. Claire.

     The Reds said St. Claire will be assigned to Triple-A Nashville.

 Reed and Winningham will join the Reds today when they open a four-game
series in Montreal.

     Jones, who has nine RBI and a .229 average this year, has been    idled for
part of this season by a chronic knee injury. Pacillo, a    former U.S. Olympic
star, has divided the season between Cincinnati and    Nashville.

     Reed, Winningham and St. Claire have all played for Montreal this
season, but all three were most recently at Triple-A Indianapolis.

 Mets' Aguilera has surgery

   NEW YORK - Mets right-hander Rick Aguilera underwent what was    described as
arthroscopic surgery on his right elbow Wednesday and    should be ready to
throw in six to eight weeks.

     Spokesman Jay Horwitz said irritated tissue was removed from the    right
elbow in the same area where Aguilera had experienced difficulty    for the past
year and a half.

 - Compiled from Times wires

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 12, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

WHY DOES EVERYBODY HATE DREW ROSENHAUS?;
THE NFL AGENT IS LOVED BY HIS CLIENTS. THE REST OF US, HOWEVER, WOULDN'T MIND
SHOVING A FEW CONTRACTS DOWN HIS THROAT.

BYLINE: By Jason Wilde Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1319 words


Like most hotels in downtown Indianapolis during the annual NFL scouting
combine, the Omni Severin lobby is teeming with people every night. And everyone
-- everyone -- has an agenda.

Whether it's the agent doing face-to-face negotiating, the unemployed coach
looking for work, the reporter tracking a hot story or the autograph hound
trying to finagle that Mike Holmgren signature, no one is there to admire the
opulent chandeliers.

So it was last February, at about 6 on a Thursday night, that Drew Rosenhaus
plopped down on one of the plush, faux velvet couches.

Drew Rosenhaus. NFL super agent. The guy Sports Illustrated called "the most
hated man in the NFL." The guy who titled his book "A Shark Never Sleeps." The
guy whose stable of high-profile clients was increasing almost daily, enraging
his competitors.

His ever-present cell-phone earpiece plugged in, there was no missing him. And
there was no need to eavesdrop on his conversation, because his voice was turned
up full-blast.

"Yo, Javon," Rosenhaus hollered into the dangling headset microphone. "It's
Drew."

Whether Rosenhaus knew the guy sitting across from him was a reporter, only he
knows. But given how loudly Rosenhaus spoke, either he was experiencing terrible
reception, or he wanted every word to be heard. Either way, there was no
mistaking who was at the other end -- Javon Walker, the Green Bay Packers' star
receiver.

After catching 89 passes for 1,382 yards and 12 touchdowns in 2004 to earn his
first Pro Bowl berth, Walker had fired his agent, David Ware, a month earlier
and hired Rosenhaus. The Packers' 2002 first-round draft pick, Walker had just
completed the third year of his five-year, $7.485 million rookie deal, already
pocketing about $6 million.

"I'm going to talk to the Packers tomorrow, buddy," Rosenhaus continued. "And
I'm going to tell them that you're one of the best receivers in the NFL right
now, man. And if they don't give you a new contract, I'm gonna tell them you
want a trade."

And so it began. The next day, Rosenhaus met with new Packers General Manager
Ted Thompson and told Thompson exactly what he'd promised he would. That led
Walker to boycott both offseason minicamps -- the second of which ended Thursday
-- to show how serious he was about getting a new deal.

Mr. Popularity

That Sports Illustrated cover on Rosenhaus, published in 1996, wasn't far off.
NFL executives, fans, other agents, even reporters -- the line of people who
don't like Rosenhaus stretches from his Miami Beach mansion to Lambeau Field.

Combine Walker's holdout with the way Rosenhaus helped force recalcitrant
cornerback Mike McKenzie's trade from the Packers to the New Orleans Saints last
October, and Rosenhaus is Wisconsin sports' public enemy No. 1 these days.

Rosenhaus brashly makes no apologies for his style. He goes so far as to paint
himself as a Robin Hood-like character, battling what he considers an unfair
system in which teams can cut players with years remaining on their
non-guaranteed contracts while players who demand renegotiated deals are
vilified.

"It really bothers me that at any moment a team can call me and say, Drew, we
know that we have your client under contract for another four (or) five years,
but you know what? He's hurt, or he's not as good as he used to be, and we're
going to cut him,'" Rosenhaus told ESPN.com. "But if I ask a team, where a
player has more years left on his contract but he's outperformed it, it's
unheard of, it's sacrilegious, it's controversial for me to ask for more."

In the same interview, Rosenhaus took his competitors to task while defending
himself from accusations of stealing clients. He represents more than 90
players, many of whom left other agents to hire him.

"When an agent says I stole his client or I steal clients, it's a cop-out, it's
cowardly, it's sour grapes. They're not doing their job," Rosenhaus said.
"Agents, do a better job and you will not lose your clients to me. It's that
simple.

"Quit complaining, quit griping, quit being a wimp, and work and get it done the
way that I do, and you'll be fine. If not, get out."

Hard to believe he's not universally beloved, isn't it?

Players love him

There's no denying, however, that the 38-year-old Rosenhaus is on top of the NFL
agent game.

In the last year, he has negotiated more than a half-billion dollars worth of
deals -- at a 3 percent commission, that's a tidy $15 million for him -- and his
client list reads like a who's who of current NFL stars: Philadelphia receiver
Terrell Owens, Buffalo halfback Willis McGahee, Cincinnati receiver Chad
Johnson, Indianapolis halfback Edgerrin James, Arizona receiver Anquan Boldin,
New York Giants tight end Jeremy Shockey.

Walker, Owens and Boldin have received much of the attention this offseason, as
all three skipped all or parts of their teams' workouts and had been represented
by other agents as recently as last year.

In the Packers' locker room, Rosenhaus represents four players: Walker, safeties
Arturo Freeman and Earl Little, and running back Najeh Davenport, who hired
Rosenhaus last month and will be an unrestricted free agent after the 2005
season.

Although Walker wasn't available for comment, Freeman, Little and Davenport all
raved about Rosenhaus.

"You want somebody like that on your team. You want somebody that has your
back," said Little, who has been with Rosenhaus since Little's rookie season of
1998. "This is the NFL -- Not For Long. So you have to take advantage of all
your opportunities. And he's going to do what's in the best interest of his
players.

"You would think, `How can he deal with all the clients he has?' But he treats
me just like he treats T.O."

Davenport said that right after he hired Rosenhaus, the agent followed through
on a promise that he'd call Packers vice president of player finance Andrew
Brandt to discuss his contract, then let Davenport know what was discussed.

"I'm a show-me guy, and he showed me," Davenport said. "What a lot of people
don't understand about Drew is, yeah, he has 90 clients, but I get (so many)
calls from him that I'm like, Damn, dude, leave me alone.' He does a lot of
work. And that's why he's at the top of his game."

Dream job

Rosenhaus' interest in football was piqued at an early age by his father,
Robert, a Dolphins season-ticket holder. By the time Rosenhaus attended college
at Miami (Fla.), he knew he wanted to be an agent, and he persuaded his younger
brother, Jason, to major in accounting so they could work together.

The two of them, along with marketing rep Robert Bailey, make up the entire
staff of Rosenhaus Sports. The firm doesn't even have a secretary.

"A secretary does nothing for me but get in the way," Rosenhaus has said. "I
want direct access to me. I don't want to deal with any middle people. This is
me, Jason and Robert -- period."

Rosenhaus started at age 22 with his first client, North Carolina Central
defensive back Robert Massey, and while he rubs many people the wrong way, no
one questions the work ethic he's developed during his 17 years in the business.

"I literally work seven days a week," Rosenhaus told The New York Times. "I'm
not married, I have no kids, I don't take vacations."

Said Little: "I've seen Drew with some good-looking women, so let's correct that
-- but this is what he does. And he gets the job done."

Regardless of how people feel about him.

As part of the ESPN.com series, Rosenhaus did a live online chat. One of the
questions came from a "Chris in Oconomowoc," who noted Rosenhaus was booed
mercilessly at Walker's charity softball game last month at Miller Park.
Rosenhaus was asked whether felt he was treated as a villain by fans.

"I can be the villain from time to time, but that's OK," Rosenhaus answered.
"They cheered for Javon. If they cheer him and boo me, I'm fine with that. I'm
here to be the bad guy in difficult situations.

"I'll take the heat every time."

Contact Jason Wilde at jwilde@madison.com or 252-6176.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Journal archives Javon Walker, the Green Bay Packers' fourth-year
receiver, is a client of agent Drew Rosenhaus. Walker fired the agent who got
him a five-year, $7.485 million contract and hired Rosenhaus shortly before
announcing that he would hold out for more money from the Packers. Photo of Drew
Rosenhaus.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 25, 2001 Thursday 2D EDITION

Barnes, Longhorns will dodge nobody

BYLINE: Adam Thompson, BIG 12 NOTES,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-10

LENGTH: 586 words


That's not a misprint on your TV schedule. Texas does indeed  play at Arizona
this weekend, less than two weeks after beating  Connecticut in Austin.

Credit Longhorns coach Rick Barnes for putting together a  January schedule that
most of his Big 12 counterparts wouldn't  dare try to any time of year. This is
one coach who will not try  to finagle his way to the magic number of 20
victories, which is  usually enough to earn an NCAA Tournament bid.

'We'll play them. We'll always play them,' he said matter of  factly. 'I'll play
anybody, anytime, anyplace, anywhere, as long  as if we go to their place
they'll come back here. We'll play  anybody on a neutral site.'

He's not kidding. Already, the Longhorns have tangled with  Duke, Illinois,
Indiana, California and Utah, along with these two  unusual January games in the
middle of the conference season. Most  other Big 12 schools may face one or two
major conference  opponents, but are more likely to dodge them.

The 12th-ranked Wildcats are the fourth top-25 nonconference  team Texas will
face this season, more than any other Big 12 team.  After losing to Virginia
last weekend, Missouri is the only other  Big 12 team to have faced as many as
three.

The way Barnes sees it, national television exposure never  hurts, and tougher
games only make his players better prepared for  the string of battles they face
in March. Texas' Wednesday date at  Oklahoma was about congruent to a No. 8 vs.
No. 9 NCAA Tournament  game, with Arizona a worthy stand-in for a No. 1 seed up
next.

Yes, the Longhorns face the occasional patsy opponent like  everyone else (see:
UNC-Asheville), and it's true that traveling  to UConn from Austin in January
can be a tiring and painful  experience - the 'Horns did that last year and fell
to the  fifth-ranked Huskies by 10, two days before a second road game at  Texas
A&M.

But that won't stop Barnes from more high-stakes scheduling.  He plans to start
next season at the Great Alaska Shootout, follow  up with an appearance at a
UNLV tournament and continue the series  with Arizona. Good for him. The Big 12
would be more fun if more  schedules looked like his.

They shoot,

They miss

A year ago, Baylor was the only Big 12 team to shoot below 40  percent from the
field in conference games. But entering Wednesday  night, five teams were below
the basketball Mendoza line,  including potential NCAA contenders Texas,
Missouri and Oklahoma.

'Running and playing up-tempo gets rewarded when the brown  thing goes through
the round thing, and that hasn't happened very  much for us lately,' Sooners
coach Kelvin Sampson said.

Inbounds

On his radio show Tuesday night, Kansas coach Roy Williams  responded to
Colorado coach Ricardo Patton's statement that Nick  Collison's hard foul on
Buffs guard Jose Winston was 'very cheap  and flagrant.'

'Nick Collison is a good, solid, clean basketball player and  I've got a great
problem if anybody wants to say otherwise,'  Williams said. 'I didn't think
there was anything cheap about it  at all. Somebody that says that or implies
that is wrong. That's  the bottom line.'

Because backup center Joe Leonard suffered a season-ending  sprained foot last
week, Kansas State has just nine scholarship  players now. ... Texas A&M
confirmed this week that the career of  forward Aaron Jack, who suffered his
fifth concussion Jan. 13  against CU, is over.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

San Jose: Youthful thespians put their spin on the Nativity in Tabard's holiday
play

BYLINE: By Crystal Chow cchow@community-newspapers.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; San Jose - Valley; Los Gatos; News; Local

LENGTH: 377 words


Kids and Christmas go together like eggnog and whipped cream. But what if the
children are way less than cherubic? What if they're just a pack of punks bent
on mayhem, not nice all year like they're supposed to be? Then you have part of
the hilarious plot for "The Best Christmas Pageant Ever," a 1971 novel by
American author Barbara Robinson.

In the book, as well as the play that Robinson adapted from her work, the six
bratty Herdman siblings somehow finagle starring roles in a church pageant about
the birth of Christ. There's a nice director lady, Mrs. Grace Bradley, who tries
to herd them into cohesion, but the mystery is whether she'll be able to pull
off a Christmas miracle.

The Tabard Theatre Company in downtown San Jose invites you to find out. It will
present this family-friendly tale Nov. 28-Dec. 20 at the Theatre on San Pedro
Square, just in time to fill any entertainment gaps in your year-end calendar.

Hester Wagner makes her Tabard debut as Mrs. Bradley, in only the second Bay
Area stage production for this native Floridian. She's also done several
Shakespeare plays elsewhere.

Despite W.C. Fields' warning about never working with scene-stealing animals or
children, Wagner is thrilled to be with her young co-stars. Chloe Allen,
Samantha Goes, Ashley Wilson, Aidan Shattuck, Nicolas Garcia and Conor Sherry
portray the dirty half dozen offspring. Jenny Hollingworth is directing
"Pageant."

Wagner, who holds a master's degree in educational theater, has worked in
entities like children's theater and summer acting camp for youths. Her day job
now is as program coordinator at Futures Explored in Livermore, which helps
adults with developmental disabilities.

"This is my first time acting in a show with kids," she says. "It's fun to just
be a fellow actor with them. They're a great group; they know all my lines."

She's not even afraid of being upstaged. "It's their show," she says about the
crowded roster of youngsters (there are 14 appearing in "Pageant"). "It's the
adorable factor in this play and I'm OK with that."

Theatre on San Pedro Square is at 29 N. San Pedro St., San Jose. Tickets are $38
cabaret seating, $32 adults, $30 seniors, $15 students/youths and full-time
adult students. Available at tabardtheatre.org or 408.679.2330.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo courtesy Edmond Kwong/Imagewurx Cambrian resident Conor Sherry
(left) and Willow Glen resident Sarah Dorsey portray Mary and Joseph as they
rehearse a scene from The Tabard Theatre Company's production of THE BEST
CHRISTMAS PAGEANT EVER, Nov. 28- Dec.20, 2014, at Theatre on San Pedro Square,
downtown San Jose.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 16, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

What's the difference?  Studies inconclusive

BYLINE: Jim Myers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 911 words


Half the respondents in a USA TODAY poll say blacks bring more natural physical
ability to sports than whites.

What's the truth?

Most experts say the idea is nonsense - no biological proof exists, and the
sports performances of members of any group can be explained in other ways.
Others say there might be relevant physical differences among the races that
just hasn't been found yet - or proved.

Thecontributions of science in these matters have not always been objective,
accurate or even relevant. Various 19th century studies attempted to rank
intelligence by race but subsequently were found rife with scientific quackery,
errors in method and outright prejudice. Incidentally, the studies, done by
whites, usually found whites superior.

Stephen Jay Gould, Harvard professor of paleontology, says many of these efforts
depended on ''the finagle factor,'' the manner in which allegedly objective
science can be manipulated to produce desired results. ''No subject ... has been
more congenial to finagling than scientific ideas about human races and their
status,'' Gould has written.

That anyone should argue that blacks are biologically superior as athletes is,
in the least, a historical irony: Blacks were systematically excluded from
baseball under the argument that blacks lacked the skills to play.

Several attempts to find race-linked, biological explanations for athletic
excellence followed the early successes of African-American sprinters and
jumpers - especially after Jesse Owens' victories at the 1936 Berlin Olympics.

Critics say there's an oddity in this: Why is an explanation for black athletic
success necessary, when white successes beg no explanation? ''The Swiss and
Austrians do very well in World Cup skiing,'' says Jay Coakley, professor of
sociology at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs. ''But nobody has
felt compelled to take muscle biopsies of Swiss and Austrian skiers. Everybody
says no wonder they're good skiers. They come from countries with wonderful
mountains and they start when they're very young. But soon as athletes show up
with black skin, people started asking why they succeed.''

Not all studies have claimed that black athletes have a biological advantage.
After claims made about Owens' Berlin triumphs, the late W. Montague Cobb, a
Howard University physical anthropologist, used preserved skeletons to measure
black and white leg, heel and foot bones. He concluded the differences too small
and the evidence too contradictory to say that runners of either race had an
advantage.

Cobb also measured Owens and Frank Wykoff, a white sprinter who finished fourth
behind Owens in the 100 meters at Berlin. Owens, he found, had the long calf
muscles traditionally associated with whites; Wykoff had the short- bellied calf
traditionally associated with blacks.

''Cobb said all you need to say,'' says Michael Blakey, a Howard University
anthropologist. ''He showed there was no relation between race and athletic
ability in that case.''

Other studies have produced odd or puzzling results. A study that involved
measuring athletes at the 1960 Rome Olympics found black sprinters on average
had longer legs, narrower hips, wider bones than white sprinters.

But what did it mean in 1960? White runners finished
1-2-3 in the 100-meter final and first in the 200 meters.

The study also found sprinters tended to have shorter legs than middle- distance
runners, which seems to indicate that coaches, presumably whites, might have
entered the long-legged black athletes in the wrong events.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Zweig Photo Studio

CUTLINE: MICHAEL BLAKEY: 'Cobb said all you need is to say.'

RACE & SPORTS; MYTH & REALITY; NATURE VS. NURTURE; WHAT MAKES A GREAT ATHLETE?

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            January 26, 2003 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

THE PITTSBURGH THREE;
AN ALASKA GATHERING OF THEATRICAL HEAVYWEIGHTS AND UP-AND-COMERS PROPELLED THE
CAREERS OF THE TRIO NOW COLLABORATING AT KUNTU REP

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER RAWSON, POST-GAZETTE DRAMA EDITOR

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 614 words


For three African-American actors from Pittsburgh -- two Pitt grad students and
a heavy equipment operator at U.S. Steel -- Valdez, Alaska, seems an unlikely
place in which to bond. Two were young, one not much older, and all were
relative innocents in the world of theater when Valdez -- and the chance to
hobnob with August Wilson and Edward Albee -- gave the Pittsburgh Three a
jump-start in 1998.

Nearly five years later, they have independent theatrical careers. Javon
Johnson, 29, is a hot young playwright. Derrick Sanders, 28, is co-founder of
Chicago's Congo Square Theater and will be assistant director of the newest
Wilson play, "Gem of the Ocean." And with the most surprising life story, Mark
Clayton Southers, 41, is a promising playwright and new proprietor of the Penn
Theater in Garfield.

The three are now reunited at Kuntu Repertory Theatre in Pittsburgh, where
Sanders has directed Johnson's "Cryin' Shame" (through Feb. 8), in which Johnson
and Southers both act. And Kuntu's next show will be Southers' "Ashes to
Africa."

But how did the theatrical novices finagle their way to Alaska? Improbably
enough, it began the previous month in South Africa.

Sanders and Johnson had met as University of Pittsburgh grad students and had
been directed by another student, Kevin Wetmore, in "The Island," a South
African play about blacks in prison under apartheid. Another friend, Neilesh
Bose, suggested they go to South Africa's Grahamstown Theatre Festival fringe,
where he had contacts.

So they called themselves Each One Tell One and raised the money to take two
Johnson one-acts to Grahamstown. But at the last minute, Johnson's first play,
"Papa's Blues," won Kennedy Center's Lorraine Hansberry Award, along with a
one-month scholarship to the O'Neill Theatre Center in Connecticut, and Johnson
would be going there instead. To fill Johnson's place, Sanders suggested
Southers, with whom he'd acted at Kuntu. So Southers found himself on a free
trip to South Africa.

One day Sanders and Southers read in a Grahamstown paper that August Wilson
would give a master class in playwriting there, so they got up early, found
their way, sat right down front and made themselves known. Southers took lots of
notes, figuring he owed that to Johnson for his free trip -- and in the process
caught the playwriting bug himself. Wilson enjoyed meeting fellow Pittsburghers,
though when Sanders told him about his plans to start his own theater, he
thought, "Oh, yeah, yeah, I've heard that before."

They had barely returned when they heard from Johnson in Connecticut: His play
had been selected for the annual Edward Albee Theater Conference in Valdez in a
few weeks, where Wilson would be the 1998 honoree. But he had to come up with
several thousand dollars plane fare on his own.

Southers swung into action. Phoning Valdez, he charmed them with talk of South
Africa, mesmerized them with talk of Wilson, realized the festival needed black
actors, offered their services and secured free plane tickets for all three.
Both Sanders and Johnson thought Southers was joking when he called with the
news, but a week later they were flying to Anchorage and then over the mountain
to Valdez.

Johnson remembers that mountain -- "this presence, watching over us." Sanders
recalls the huge gift baskets they got -- "Mark, who did you tell these people
we are?" he asked. "We're just three guys from Pittsburgh." Southers couldn't
believe he was in Alaska -- "I work in a steel mill!"

Wilson was surprised to see them. They bonded and were dubbed the Pittsburgh
Three. Wilson told Sanders he'd help him start a theater company. Johnson and
Southers wrote around the clock. They were on their way.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Lake Fong/Post-Gazette: Longtime friends and now colleagues with
intertwined careers, from left, Derrick Sanders, Javon Johnson and Mark Clayton
Southers are collaborating on the Kuntu Repertory Theatre production of
Johnson's play, "Cryin' Shame."
\ PHOTO: Fortuitous circumstances five years ago brought the Pittsburgh Three to
Valdez, Alaska, where they were befriended by playwright August Wilson (second
from left) and actor Delroy Lindo (second from right) at the annual Edward Albee
Theater Conference. The gathering helped propel the careers of, from
\ PHOTO: Lake Fong/Post-Gazette: Derrick Sanders directs Angela Hunt and Kevin
Brown as they rehearse "Cryin' Shame" in the University of Pittsburgh's Alumni
Hall -- an appropriately named site for Sanders and the playwright, Javon
Johnson, who met as Pitt grad students. (Photo, Page E-8)
\ PHOTO: Lake Fong/Post-Gazette: Times have changed in the five years since the
Pittsburgh Three -- from left, Derrick Sanders, Mark Clayton Southers and Javon
Johnson -- hooked up in Valdez, Alaska. "I'm a better writer now," Johnson says.
"I'm more courageous in what I'm willing to explore." (Photo, Page E-8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              April 4, 2004 Sunday
                                   F3 Edition

Time switches are temporary vexes; focus on eternity

BYLINE: Don Lindman

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Faith and life; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 641 words


Today is our spring 2004 induction into Daylight Switcharound Time.

And don't let them tell you that it's Daylight Saving Time. You're not saving a
thing this weekend. In fact, while your life isn't saving or losing any time,
you are losing one hour of sleep, and today only has 23 hours. So much for
saving!

Someone's trying to pull a fast one on us. What happens is that we get to wake
up in the dark again for a while, and we get to try to put our children to bed
while it's still daylight.

The kids aren't fooled by this. They know it's not natural to sleep when it's
daylight. They will complain and finagle and try to weasel and wangle. It's only
natural!

And you and I set all our clocks ahead one hour. That works. Unless, of course,
you have one or more of those cheap digital clocks that always manage to skip
past the time you're trying to set them at.

But enjoy the experience. In seven months you'll have to set all your clocks
back an hour. That's when those cheap digital clocks absolutely refuse to stop
on the number you want. And there are clocks on your wall that can't be set
backward. So have to push them through the whole eleven hours. Stopping, of
course, every 15 minutes if the clock has a chime.

A better alternative would be to stop the clocks until the time catches up with
them, living in infinity for an hour. Of course, if you have no clocks working
you're going to have an interesting time trying to figure out when the hour is
up.

That's not the only time warp we live in. There are those artificial demarcation
lines known as "time zones."

As the crow flies, it's about 160 miles from Lansing, Mich., to Chicago. But as
the clock turns, during the height of the summer there are still faint traces of
daylight in Lansing at 10 p.m.; in Chicago darkness settles in just a few
minutes later according to real time, but we have bought the deception that it's
shortly after 9 p.m., an hour earlier.

If you want Daylight Stretch-out-the-evening Time, Lansing has Chicago beat
hands down. That's how it works when one community is on the eastern edge of one
time zone while a neighboring community is on the western edge of the preceding
time zone.

If that makes no sense, try understanding this: Terre Haute, Ind., is in the
Eastern time zone, yet it is 100 miles west of the Lake Cumberland area in
Kentucky, half of which is in the Central time zone. Lake Cumberland is a large
body of water with fingers sticking out in every direction. When you boat there
you not only have to try to figure out where you are, but in which time zone.

And then there is Grand Beach, Mich., which is about 10 miles north of Michigan
City, Ind. It is also one hour ahead so far as the time of day is concerned.

Mary Robertson, Grand Beach town clerk and treasurer, says "it's confusing
living so close to the line, but you get used to it after a while." Since Grand
Beach is a "second-home town" for residents of Chicago, "we run on Central time
unofficially."

This confusion is becoming more than I can handle. I much prefer thinking about
the Bible's admonition to "Redeem the time, for the days are evil." (Ephesians
5:16 KJV)

We can't really save time. It keeps on going, whether we do anything with it or
not. But redeeming time - using the time we have for good purposes - that's
something I can sink my teeth into.

I only have to watch the evening news to know that the days truly are loaded
with evil. If I want to be at all faithful to God, I need to be involved in
things that will work counter to that prevailing trend.

So use the time God has given you for something good, something godly, something
about which he will one day compliment you with the words, "Well done, good and
faithful servant."

- Don Lindman is a retired pastor living in Batavia. You can reach him through
the Daily Herald, 3805 E. Main St., Suite A, St. Charles, 60174.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 22, 2006 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Ultimate homeboy has to stay

BYLINE: TERENCE MOORE; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 630 words


It isn't too early for those among the enlightened in Flowery Branch to begin
strategizing on how to do exactly what they must do. That is, when Calvin
Johnson declares either now or later that he is ready to transfer his greatness
from Georgia Tech to the NFL, the Falcons must do whatever it takes to make sure
his football career never leaves Atlanta.

Never.

Never, never, never.

This easygoing kid from Tyrone is a keeper. In other words, the Falcons must
pull another Michael Vick. Just as they worked with the San Diego Chargers to
acquire that No. 1 pick to select an incomparable quarterback in the draft, the
Falcons must finagle a way with the Oakland Raiders, the Detroit Lions or
whoever finishes as the league's worst team during this season or next to get an
incomparable wide receiver.

The Falcons must do as much for so many reasons. For starters, they don't have
an incomparable wide receiver.

Should Johnson enter the upcoming draft after his junior season (he said he'll
decide after Tech plays in the Gator Bowl), the Falcons could get that
incomparable wide receiver by offering, say, their No. 1 and 2 picks, along with
The Great Matt Schaub, to quarterback-impaired Oakland or Detroit. In return,
the Falcons would get Johnson's striking physical gifts (4.4 speed, sure hands,
impressive strength, 45-inch vertical jump) and splendid work ethic.

Not only that, given Johnson's wonderful personality that has remained
consistent from his all-everything days in high school through his earning the
Fred Biletnikoff Award this season as the nation's best wide receiver, he is
somebody that you'd love to adopt as your son.

Finally, there is this: If Johnson is drafted by the Falcons someday, he
wouldn't exactly cringe. "I'd be ecstatic. You know?" he said, flashing his
infectious grin the other day at Tech's football complex. "It would be
overwhelming, just realizing that I could stay here. It would be great to play
in your hometown and to have your friends and relatives see you play. I'm sure
every player dreams about that, and it's something that I dream about."

Get him. Otherwise, the Falcon Nation will have nightmares for letting the
ultimate hometown guy get away.

Consider that Johnson wasn't even interested in football until after his 13th
birthday. In fact, if it weren't for something that happened in 1998 with the
Falcons, he might have put all of his considerable energy into Sandy Creek
High's chess club or something. What happened back then were the Dirty Birds. "I
just remember everybody trying to do that dance with Jamal Anderson, and that's
when I first thought about getting involved [with football]," Johnson said. "The
only thing I remember about the season was that the Falcons went to the Super
Bowl and lost to the Denver Broncos."

That's in contrast to now, when Johnson remembers everything about a Falcons
team that he studies religiously on television. He even fantasizes about
catching passes from you know who. "Yeah, it crosses my mind about how it would
be to play with Michael Vick. I'm thinking about that while I'm watching the
defensive backs and seeing what they're doing. Hey, [Vick] has a strong arm. He
can put it anywhere."

Johnson has proven that he can catch a pass from everywhere after spending three
years with the erratic Reggie Ball. As a result, the Falcons would have a potent
duo with Vick and Johnson. "Yeah. I think so," said Johnson, with that grin
again.

At worst, Johnson would become the Falcons' offensive version of Keith Brooking,
the prolific linebacker from Senoia, who played at Tech and has become one of
the city's most civic-minded athletes after spending all nine of his NFL years
with the Falcons. At best, Johnson's future with the Falcons would be bright
enough to blind the sun.

tlmoore@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: BOB ANDRES / StaffHometown heroTerence Moore says the Falcons
must do whatever is necessary to keep Calvin Johnson (above) in Atlanta. D2
(teaser)/ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      March 22, 1999 Monday Final Edition

Jays try to turn back time: Fielder, Berroa return, but can they come back?

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Glen Colbourn

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S12

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: DUNEDIN, FLA.


Last year, the Toronto Blue Jays had perhaps the best designated hitter in
baseball: Jose Canseco.

Canseco rejuvenated his career by hitting 46 homers and driving in 107 runs.
But, after failing to finagle multimillions from the Jays, he left for an
incentive-laden deal with Tampa Bay.

That leaves Toronto with a DH dilemma.

Vying to replace Canseco are a trio of players, two of whom have been here
before - literally. Geronimo Berroa and Cecil Fielder both began their pro
careers among the Blue Jays' cramped fields in Dunedin. The third player trying
to earn DH time is another veteran, Willie Greene.

It's an interesting battle, with the front-runner - Fielder - being the most
familiar to Jays fans.

He slugged his way through the team's minor-league system before jumping to
Toronto in 1985 from double-A Knoxville, where he hit .294 with 18 homers and 81
RBIs in just 361 at-bats.

Despite being a favourite of future manager Cito Gaston, who was then the
hitting coach, Fielder couldn't displace Willie Upshaw nor fellow up-and-comer
Fred McGriff from first base. He was released by the team in 1988 and after a
stellar year in Japan he signed with the Detroit Tigers and became one of the
game's most-feared sluggers.

"It's kind of wild," Fielder said of his return to Dunedin. "I can remember when
I was a kid and I was running around here. There was me and Freddy, (infielder
Mike) Sharperson and Boomer (the recently re-acquired David Wells). It's almost
like being here 12 years ago."

But times have changed, and Fielder knows it.

When he broke in with the Jays baseball's minimum salary was $40,000 US. It's
now $200,000. (Never mind Kevin Brown's $100-million deal with Los Angeles.)

Fielder remembers watching veterans like Upshaw, Cliff Johnson and Jim Clancy in
awe.

"That's the way we were brought up back then, to shut up and listen. It's
changed now, no question."

Fielder, who is now 35 with almost as much grey as black in his goatee, is in
the Jays' camp without a guaranteed contract. But he figures being a veteran
still counts for something - such as not worrying about whether he's impressing
management.

"There's nothing for me to prove. It's a situation where you want me or you
don't."

Fielder helped his cause on Sunday by hitting his second homer of the spring, a
monster shot that nearly cleared the trees beyond the left-field fence off
Boston's John Wasdin. He also had two singles and drew a loud ovation when he
left the game for a pinch-runner in the ninth inning of a 4-3 loss.

Like the man known as Big Daddy, Berroa does not have a guaranteed contract and
must have a good spring to make the team. Coincidentally, Berroa's last year
with the Jays was 1988, just like Fielder.

"It's a crazy game," sighed Berroa, who has played for seven major-league teams.
"You never know where you're going to be."

Now 34, Berroa is already four teams removed from his one career season - 1996
with Oakland when he hit 36 homers with 106 RBIs.

He too knows his opportunities are waning and doesn't care whether he gets
employed as a DH or an outfielder.

"I've been doing this for the last six years, one day DH, one day in the
outfield. I just want to be in the lineup."

Greene is the one man who could upset the hopes of either Fielder or Berroa.

He's the only one of the three with a guaranteed contract -- for $1 million US
-- and at the very least will stick with the team as a backup third baseman and
outfielder. He's missed 10 games this spring with shoulder tendinitis, hurting
his argument for more playing time.

"Right now I just have to play as much as possible to try and get my timing
down," said Greene.

"I don't think I have to impress anybody. They know what I'm capable of doing.
If they didn't know that they wouldn't have signed me. I've just got to stay
healthy."

Jays fans with long memories are probably pulling for Fielder, one of the game's
nice guys. It would give him the chance for a swan-song.

None of the players have torn the proverbial cover off the ball during spring
training.

New Jays manager Jim Fregosi begged off offering an assessment of Fielder, who
must make the team as the everyday designated hitter because he can do little
else besides play the occasional game at first base.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Cecil Fielder is the frontrunner for the Blue Jays' DH job, but
he has competition from Geronimo Berroa.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 16, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

About New York;
When Paralysis Is No Match For P-o-e-t-r-y

BYLINE: By DOUGLAS MARTIN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 25; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 761 words


Julia Tavalero became a quadriplegic when surgery went disastrously wrong a
quarter-century ago. She has since lived in Goldwater Memorial Hospital on
Roosevelt Island. For the first decade, she was mistakenly thought to be brain
dead.

Now 56 years old, she was asked on a recent cloudy day if she feels sorry for
herself. Ms. Tavalero answered -- by raising or not raising an eyebrow -- as a
therapist pointed, one by one, to letters on her letter board.

"N-o-t a-n-y-m-o-r-e," she spelled. Why? "P-o-e-t-r-y."

It was Auden, in his ode to Yeats, who said "poetry makes nothing happen." In
this cluttered and dumbly suicidal world, that statement, in a broad sense, is
incontrovertible.

But poetry is an insidiously intimate art that finagles its way into
individuals' beings and leaves them subtly different people. It is one to one.
For Ms. Tavalero, who for so long could talk to no one, poetry became a way back
to the world.

It was a gift given her by creative writing students from New York University
who four years ago began weekly visits to Goldwater, a city hospital. They offer
advice and, for some bards, transcribe poems already composed and put to memory.

Some students at first had nightmares about the sufferings they encountered.
But, soon, wheelchairs and respirators seemed magically to vanish. Reality had
become the patients' new-found words.

Such glorious transmogrifications of people giving of themselves brighten this
too indifferent metropolis. Grandmothers volunteering to hold AIDS babies
glimpse a first smile. Lawyers volunteering to read to dying children share
giggles. Seldom, though, are results so black and white.

George Schultz writes to resolve anxieties about the 1960's. Ann Lawrence
lyrically relives the Battle of Britain. John Glenn agonizes over life's
choices. Paul Russo, whose pen name is Rousseau, dashed this off: "Your body
can't keep up with/Your young mind's idea."

And in Ms. Tavalero, who writes on a computer by ever-so-slightly moving her
chin to select letters, students loosed a verbal volcano.

"What's most striking to me about Julia's poems is their honesty, their energy,
their sexuality, their delight in truth," said Sharon Olds, a poet who is
director of N.Y.U.'s graduate creative writing program.

"It's not a calm delight," she continued. "It's a wild delight."

One poem speaks of "kisses of exotic ecstacy thrown into eternity." Another
reads, "Molecules from the bottom of my toes, to the top of my nose, were
squirming, turning, burning."

To be sure, not all Ms. Tavalero's oeuvre -- expanding by three poems a day --
steams with passion. One work is a punch-by-punch account of a prizefight.
Another thanks a man named Ray for fixing her wheelchair. There are verses about
the wind, Christmas, the changing seasons and "Michael of Ward B-11."

Death is a frequent, but hardly morbid theme. "It's joyous, happy, looking
forward to the soul," Ms. Tavalero wrote.

Ms. Tavalero, who emphatically favors the monochromatic, had planned to wear
black to greet a reporter, but decided this might be intimidating. So she
settled for the blue ensemble. It consisted of blue beret, blue sweater, blue
tights, blue slippers and blue argyle leggings. Laying motionless, she also wore
an enigmatic smile.

Handwritten signs on a wall gave directions on how to position her many pillows.
A barely picked-at meal lay on a table. A thumping ventilator intimated either
eternity or a need for repair.

Judy Isaksen, Goldwater's senior recreational therapist, scouted letters on the
board. It was she who first suspected Ms. Tavalero was a nascent poet. "She was
hungry, starving to express herself."

Ever so deliberately, Ms. Tavalero indicated she grew up in Nassau County, was a
telephone operator, married twice and had a daughter named Judy. She had swum,
golfed, lifted weights. She recalls nothing about the surgery that disabled her.

Why had she felt compelled to write? "A-g-i-t-a-t-i-o-n." Also,
"F-r-u-s-t-r-a-t-i-o-n."

An eyebrow went up -- "yes" -- when asked if she has a boyfriend, but a Garbo
countenance said either more or less. One recalled Raquel Welch's observation
that sex is pretty much in the mind.

She sparkled when an obscure Canadian literary journal containing her one
published poem, "It's You," was produced. Her fondest hope is that more people
read her.

Her greatest fear? "N-o-t-h-i-n-g."

Then, from the tiny, shriveled body of Julia Tavalero, poet, came a low murmur.
It was a sweet, soothing sound, somehow reminiscent of a contented baby.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Ever vigilant

BYLINE: The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 399 words


Dec. 11--AURORA HAS done great damage to the Lower Arkansas Valley by moving the
region's most important natural resource -- water -- to that Denver suburb in
the South Platte basin.

It's sad, indeed, that local water entities, including the Southeastern Colorado
Water Conservancy District and the Pueblo Board of Water Works, sit on the
sidelines as Aurora finagles an agreement to dismiss a lawsuit challenging those
withdrawals out of the Arkansas River basin.

The Lower Arkansas Valley Water Conservancy District, which had filed the
lawsuit, caved in by agreeing to end its challenge. It was an outrageous sign of
weakness because federal law explicitly restricts use of Lake Pueblo and other
Fryingpan-Arkansas Project facilities to this basin, not for the benefit of
Aurora or anyone else outside the basin.

So, Aurora's damage has been done, drying up great swaths of irrigated
agricultural land in Crowley County and on the Rocky Ford Ditch.

But more and potentially worse danger looms. Speculators are lurking who seek to
make financial windfalls by brokering the transfer of yet more Arkansas Valley
water to the Denver metro area and the northern Front Range.

The latest villain is GP Resources. This Littleton outfit proposes a $330
million, 150-mile pipeline to move water  from Lamar to the Front Range.
However, these speculators first must secure the approval of the Arkansas River
Compact Administration. To our great relief, the compact officials declined to
act on the proposal Thursday, thus delaying a decision for at least another
year.

GP Resources wants to move water out of Colorado Water District 67, which is
prohibited by the compact unless it can be proven that state-line flows and
other water users are not injured. Water users in both Colorado and Kansas have
a huge stake in the issue, so we implore the Arkansas River Compact
Administration to hold fast against GP Resources.

The same is true for Arkansas Valley water entities. We need a united front to
stop the continued dry-up of our agricultural valley. It's a devastating
redistribution of wealth, which is what water truly represents, from
Southeastern Colorado's farm economy to the already more-affluent urban Front
Range.

Our rallying cry: Be ever vigilant.

___ (c)2011 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111211-PB-EDITORIAL-Ever-vigilant-1211-20111211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2011 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Governor, Not Mayor

BYLINE: Editorial of The New York Sun

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 654 words


If Mr. Bloomberg is exploring ways to extend his career in public service, as it
appears he is, the logical - and right - next move for him would be not to try
to finagle a third term as mayor but to run for governor. While Mr. Bloomberg
has been a fine mayor, he has been hemmed in on various occasions by Albany.
Lawmakers there killed his plans for an Olympic stadium and an expanded
convention center, and they blocked his proposal for congestion pricing. They
have capped the number of charter schools in the state and moved to prevent Mr.
Bloomberg from using student test results in deciding whether to grant tenure to
public school teachers.

We're weren't (and aren't) with the mayor on all those issues, but no matter
where one comes down on the merits of these points, the fact remains that on so
many matters at the heart of Mr. Bloomberg's mayoral agenda - big real estate
development from the West Side railyards to ground zero; transportation and
infrastructure improvements such as the No. 7 subway extension or the Second
Avenue subway; education policy - the governor has more power than the mayor.

Mr. Bloomberg is known to dislike Albany, but that strikes us as an advantage in
a governor. The governor has an office in New York City, and there's nothing
wrong with making it a home base. Mr. Bloomberg has often complained that New
York City sends to Albany billions of dollars a year more in taxes than it gets
back in services, and as governor he could start to change things. This is not
an endorsement, but it's not too much to say it all starts to add up to a
logical case.

The same cannot be said of a third term as mayor. There, Mr. Bloomberg runs the
risk of overstaying his welcome. Trying for a third term would be an admission
of his failure to groom a successor, and the reversal of term limits that would
be necessary to win such a term would risk dooming the city to a new generation
of entrenched career politicians in other offices. As a gubernatorial candidate,
Mr. Bloomberg could campaign to bring term limits to Albany, a measure that a
2005 poll financed by New Yorkers for Term Limits found was favored by 77% of
New Yorkers. As a mayoral candidate, Mr. Bloomberg would be running against the
tide of strong public support for term limits, as expressed in two New York City
ballot referenda.

One doesn't have to be a backer of term limits to share this view. Our own sense
is that Mr. Bloomberg recognizes this political landscape, which is why his
spokesman, Stuart Loeser, has consistently said Mr. Bloomberg will respect the
will of the voters on term limits. And why, as our Jacob Gershman reported
exclusively in Tuesday's paper, Mr. Bloomberg is lending his weight to a move to
install an ally, Rep. Thomas Reynolds, as chairman of the state Republican Party
in place of the current chairman, Joseph Mondello. A campaign for governor based
on a message of bringing to the rest of the state the same prosperity and
economic growth and dynamism that have made New York City boom over the past six
years would have a certain appeal. Mr. Bloomberg already has a home outside New
York City, in Westchester County's Bedford, so it's not as if he's solely a New
York City creature.

***

Our own view is that the long-term rebuilding of the Republican Party in New
York state is going to come on the shoulders of a leader who is more ideological
than Mr. Bloomberg and less of a technocrat. It will be a politician willing to
go for large marginal income tax cuts, competition from the private sector in
health care, tort reform, and tax credits or vouchers for private schools. It
may be that Mr. Bloomberg runs for governor as an independent or on the Liberal
Party line. But as we said in respect of his presidential bid, the field would
only be strengthened by his presence as a contender. Retirement or the sidelines
are no place for a public servant of Mr. Bloomberg's energy and skill.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 26, 1983, Wednesday, Final Edition

Hughes Takes Up Carrot and Stick

BYLINE: By MARGARET SHAPIRO, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Maryland Weekly; Maryland Notebook; Md. 1

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS


Gov. Harry Hughes sat at a long, shiny conference table last week, the state
treasurer and the budget director on either side of him, and fielded questions
on the $6.4 billion budget he would shortly submit to the General Assembly.

The budget was filled with controversial items, from tax increases on property,
cigarettes and liquor, to a new lottery and a list of $51 million in popular
programs that Hughes said would be jeopardized if the legislature didn't see
things his way and approve the tax package he proposed.

How did he expect to get this package through an often-rambunctious legislature,
the governor was asked? Even before the budget was released, delegates and
senators already were grumbling about the taxes, the list of "hostage" programs
and Hughes' proposal to transfer into general funds about $29 million in
transportation funds that had been slated for highway and bridge repairs.

With only a slight pause, Hughes, inaugurated into a second and final term the
day before, replied confidently, "We'll work it out. We'll work it out."

This casually uttered phrase-- and the idea of working out any problems that
cropped up--was a favorite of former governor Marvin Mandel, one that he used to
smooth over any problem or to finagle any program through a General Assembly
that he for the most part controlled.

It was therefore somewhat startling to hear the same words spoken by Hughes, who
made a point of acting unlike Mandel during his first year, in particular by
keeping his hands off the legislature.

While Hughes and Mandel are vastly different, with contrasting styles and
ethical sensitivities, the phrase--and, on a more significant level, Hughes'
handling of the 1984 budget thus far--seem to show that, with one term behind
him, Hughes has come to appreciate that playing politics is part of the art of
governing.

Hughes, known around Annapolis for a reserved and often socially awkward manner,
seemed to have learned this lesson in time for his reelection campaign this past
fall. Facing reelection during the session last year, and not wanting
legislative losses to hurt his chances for a second term, the governor became
aggressive, demanding votes and even handing out political largesse.

But many people expected a reelected Harry Hughes to retreat "into his shell,"
as Hughes' Republican opponent, Robert A. Pascal, put it. "He'll go back to
sleep for four years," said Pascal, who was walloped at the polls.

Which is to say why Hughes' confident pronouncements and general handling of his
fiscal year 1984 budget are interesting.

While predicting that he can "work it out" with the legislature, Hughes and his
staff have more carefully laid the groundwork for success this year. They
brought House Speaker Benjamin L. Cardin and Senate President Melvin A. (Mickey)
Steinberg into an early staff meeting so that both would be impressed by the
seriousness of the state's fiscal troubles. (Hughes has had to eliminate a
projected $133 million deficit for next year in order to submit a balanced
budget as required by the state constitution).

Cardin and Steinberg quickly carried the word that things, economically
speaking, were going to be tough. Tax increases might not be so bad.

Hughes then took up an idea that worked well for him last session--a
carrot-and-stick approach to getting a tax increase through the legislature.
Last session he handed out a list of roads that would be fixed if, and only if,
the legislature approved a 2-cent increase in the state gasoline tax. The tax
passed.

This year he prepared a list of $51 million in popular programs, from targeted
education aid that Baltimore City anticipates each year to mosquito control
money desired by the Eastern Shore--and dozens of small but helpful statewide
programs as well.

He held them out with a ransom note to the legislature, saying, "Give me my tax
proposals and budget or else." Under Maryland's system, the governor sets the
total budget figure. The legislature can approve or cut--but cannot
increase--the budget.

Hughes quickly denied he was trying to force anyone into anything. "They're not
hostages," he said, describing his actions as simply a way of showing a possibly
recalcitrant legislature that no tax increases could mean, in many areas, no
programs.

And, as it turned out, few legislators seemed hostile to the idea.

"He used the power of the office," said Cardin. "It's a good clean use of the
governor's budget power. He couldn't get the taxes passed without the list."

Or, as one of the governor's aides put it, "You know these guys aren't going to
vote for a tax unless you give them a good excuse to. Sure, we used to say,
'This is the right thing to do, here are the merits.' And it didn't work. So now
we say, 'This is the right thing to do and here is how it will help you, or
here, if you vote against it, is how it will hurt you.' "

Which is why Harry Hughes can now say of his dealings with the legislature,
"We'll work this out."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, STATE AID TO LOCAL GOVERNMENTS IN MARYLAND; Picture, Gov. Harry
Hughes' proposed budget includes "direct assistance"--funds distributed by
formula--to jurisdictions in this region, and other payments.  The Washington
Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 16, 2002, Friday

I'M NOT ON PAR WITH TIGER, ERNIE: TOMS

BYLINE: By HANK GOLA DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 95 NOTEBOOK

LENGTH: 561 words

CHASKA, Minn. - Defending PGA champ David Toms was strangely deflated and
humbled after opening with a 77 in the same group as Tiger Woods and Ernie Els.

It was very strange hearing it from the same man who stared down Phil Mickelson
on Sunday of last year's PGA.

"To be honest with you, those two guys I played with today, I'm just not in
their league," he said.

The weird part is, Toms used the 13th hole, a 204-yard par 3, as an example,
where he made birdie and both his partners made par.

"They're hitting 6 and 7-irons straight up in the air, stopping them on the
green close to the hole and I'm somehow trying to finagle a 4-iron to run it up
on the green," he said.

"You can't compete. Sure you're going to have your moments but not week-in and
week-out and other guys who think they can are kidding themselves. I'm sorry but
that's a fact. For the most part, we're second fiddle to those guys for sure."

Ironically, Toms' round went sour on the 12th hole when he tried to hit a 5-iron
onto the green even though he was stuck up against the second collar of rough.
The shot went 90 degrees left and he took double bogey on the hole. In last
year's PGA, of course, he laid up on the 18th hole to close out Mickelson.

Daly dose: John Daly was at it again, taking an 11 on the treacherous 16th hole.
He hit two in the water off the tee and an approach shot that flew past the
green and went into the water. Daly finished 33-44-77, nine strokes off the
lead.

Daly has had some memorable big number holes. He took a 14 on the 18th hole at
the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach in 2000 and an 11 on the eighth hole at Pinehurst
in the '99 U.S. Open.

He also took an 18 on the par 5 sixth at Bay Hill.

Good enough: Club pro Barry Evans, who played college golf at Ramapo College in
New Jersey, shot 80 and didn't care.

"I'm having the best time I've ever had in my life playing golf," said the
40-year-old Evans, who works at Berry Hills CC in Charleston, W.Va. "I shot 80
and had a great time."

Likes it here: Justin Rose fired a 69 in his first professional round in America
and was just one shot off the pace.

"Obviously, I'm delighted," said the 22-year-old Englishman, who opened with a
68 at the British Open, where he was paired with Tiger. "I think I've been sort
of unbelievable relaxed this week. I didn't have any nerves on the first tee
whatsoever. I feel very comfortable competing in a major in America."

Long wait: Peter Lonard, who stamped a 69 yesterday, is one of the best stories
in the field, not just because he is, at age 36, the frontrunner for PGA Tour
Rookie of the Year honors.

The Aussie didn't take up the game until he was 12 and didn't play seriously
until he was 16. In 1992, he was knocked for a loop by Ross River Fever, a virus
transmitted by mosquitoes that affects the joints. Call him a late bloomer.

"I'm probably the oldest rookie on Earth, so it's not like I never played
before," Lonard said after his opening-round 69 left him a stroke shy of the
lead. "But as a former club pro, the greatest honor I could have would be
winning the PGA in front of the best pros in the world. I never played amateur
golf, and everything I've learned I learned through the PGA of Australia. So it
would be a chance to maybe give something back."

Lonard bogeyed only one hole yesterday - the last one, to fall out of the lead.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP FEELING CHIPPER Fred Funk saves par with help of this chip shot on
18.

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Mich Edition

Another notch in Diggins' belt

BYLINE: Al Lesar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 673 words


SOUTH BEND

No way she was going to let her team lose.

Not Monday night.

Not in her last game at Purcell Pavilion.

Skylar Diggins had too much on the line to fold.

Fifty-five minutes on that court. Thirty-one shots. Twenty-nine points. Eleven
rebounds. Four fouls. Four steals. Eight turnovers and just three assists.

The Pied Piper of women's college basketball was the consummate leader when the
outcome was in the balance. Notre Dame's 96-87 thrilling triple-overtime victory
over Connecticut was another notch in Diggins' belt.

The Irish had just dodged bullets at the end of regulation and in the first two
overtimes. UConn should have escaped with the victory each time. But somehow,
some way Notre Dame managed to finagle another chance.

Finally, the depleted Huskies - with inside presence Stefanie Dolson (12 points
and 11 rebounds to go with 11 turnovers) and guard Bria Hartley (10 points, 6
assists) departed with fouls - ran out of gas.

With 1:28 left in overtime No. 3, and the Irish up six, Diggins paused before
the end of a timeout and scanned the crowd. Soak in and savor. The senior
All-American made eye contact with folks in the front row. She waved her arms
and got an immediate response.

"I'm excited," Diggins said of that moment. "I finally see it coming together. I
could feel it. It was something special.

"It's like I was protecting my house; like I was a guard dog."

That dog had plenty of bite.

"I feel like I know everybody in the crowd," Diggins said.

Heck, they're probably all Twitter followers.

"The fans, just trying to make a connection with them," she said. "It's my way
of saying 'thank you.'"

You're welcome, Skylar.

Those 9,000-plus regulars who have been behind Diggins for the last four years
got their chance to return the favor.

Those five fans behind the media seating who bailed with a minute left in
regulation should have their season tickets pulled for next year.

Part of having Diggins on the floor and time on the clock is believing.

It wasn't the best game played since Dr. Naismith first nailed the peach
baskets: The two teams combined for 56 turnovers. Notre Dame shot 30 percent (12
of 40) in the first half, missed its first 10 3-point shots and didn't hit one
until Kayla McBride rattled one home to force a second extra period.

Ragged play cluttered up memorable moments. Kaila Turner's clutch shots are just
side notes. The play of Ariel Braker and Markisha Wright on Dolson will barely
get a mention. Seventeen points from Natalie Achonwa won't merit much more than
a line or two.

It wasn't even the longest game played at Purcell Pavilion this season. There
was that five-overtime bonanza the Irish men won against Louisville.

Nobody will forget the impression Diggins made, especially Connecticut coach
Geno Auriemma.

Diggins' dominance over Connecticut continues. Six out of the last seven. One,
maybe two more, to come before Diggins takes her game to the next level.

"That's what guards who are All-Americans do," said Auriemma. "They make those
kinds of plays when they need to be made. That's why they're who they are.

"You hate to say it, but there were moments when they needed a bucket and
(Diggins) got it for them. We came down and we couldn't make one."

At crunch time, Auriemma had a plan - but it still didn't work.

"We were going to make sure that Skylar didn't have the ball (at the end of the
first overtime)," Auriemma said. "We took the ball out of her hands. I was
comfortable with anyone else shooting the ball. That's what's so frustrating.
Only two guys (Diggins and McBride) were going to shoot the ball at the end of
the (first OT). We double-teamed one (Diggins) and we let the other one
(McBride) hit the shot."

"We found ways to get (defensive) stops," Diggins said. "We're the Fighting
Irish for a reason. I thought we fought."

That's the way it happens. That's why Notre Dame will take a No. 1 seed into
next week's Big East Tournament, and into the NCAA Tournament.

That guard dog is a fighter.

Staff writer Al Lesar: alesar@sbtinfo.com 574-235-6318

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

American Graffiti for the '70s; Autobiographical teen tale set around first Star
Wars movie was 12 years in making

BYLINE: Nina Metz, Times Colonist

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 1052 words

DATELINE: Chicago Tribune


In July, filmmaker Patrick Read Johnson was in Waukegan, Illinois, outside
Chicago, shooting some extra footage for his long-gestating project 5-25-77, an
autobiographical coming-of-ager about a teenage movie geek in tiny Wadsworth,
Illinois, who somehow finagles his way into an advance screening of the original
Star Wars before it is released in theatres on, yes, 5-25-77.

An ode to the 1970s and nascent fanboy culture, the comedy stars John Francis
Daley (Bones and Freaks and Geeks), and if you watch the trailer, what jumps out
is just how young the actor looks. That's because the bulk of the film was shot
in 2004, when Daley was 19 or 20, in locations around the outskirts of Chicago.
Yet more scenes were shot in 2005. And 2006. Additional bits and pieces have
been picked up along the way since.

It can take years to get a film off the ground. But even by moviemaking
standards, this is drawn-out. When we spoke recently, though, Johnson seemed
amiably philosophical about the film's semifinished life span.

His previous credits as a director include the 1990 sci-fi spoof Spaced Invaders
(which he also wrote) and then a couple of studio films: the 1994 comedy Baby's
Day Out (with a screenplay by John Hughes) and the 1995 teen dramedy Angus.

Neither film did well at the box office. "After 19 years in LA, I hated
Hollywood," Johnson said. He moved his family back to Wadsworth. "I knew I could
continue to write screenplays and get script-doctoring work wherever I was."
Living there again brought back a flood of memories, of growing up as the lone
movie geek in town and shooting his own popcorn movies in his backyard -
including the 40 bottles of Rit fabric dye he used for fake blood when
attempting to make a sequel to Jaws in the family swimming pool, which left a
residue for months.

Now based in Winston-Salem, where he teaches film directing at the University of
North Carolina School of the Arts, Johnson first made his way to Hollywood when
he was 18, "in my little bright orange Ford Pinto, just like it is in the movie,
200 bucks in my pocket. And I very quickly got a job at a model-making company
building miniatures. I was working mostly on television commercials and
occasionally a film like King Kong Lives."

In the meantime, he had cowritten a script with a friend and pitched it to 20th
Century Fox.

That led to a writing deal, which was OK'd by then-studio head Sherry Lansing,
"who was sitting there, hung over from the Taps wrap party the night before,
dressed in a mock cheerleading outfit for the military academy where Taps takes
place. She had not had a chance to change before coming to the office. It was
the most bizarre and kinda wonderful thing that my first real Hollywood deal was
approved by Sherry Lansing in a cheerleading outfit."

It would be eight years before he would get his first screenplay produced
(Spaced Invaders). Which is nothing compared with the 10-plus years he has been
working on 5-25-77.

Some of that delay has been budget-related. Johnson said he encountered
reluctance (from money people and distributors) when the Star Wars prequels came
out and, rather than setting the world on fire, merely made hundreds of millions
of dollars; there was a sense that the brand itself had lost some its lustre as
an audience draw.

Funny how pop culture shifts, though. Exhibit A, B, C and D: San Diego Comi-Con,
which is as mainstream as it gets. Doesn't hurt that the Star Wars franchise has
undergone something of a renewal thanks to 2015's The Force Awakens. So a movie
about a teenager caught up in the very earliest moments of Star Wars fandom? Not
such a tough sell. Or as Johnson put it: "I don't have to get people to go see a
movie about

nerds, because nerd culture is the dominant pop culture now."

A distributor is finally on board, he said, after many false starts and life
complications - one of which included a brief move to Chicago, where he was
selling the occasional script but mainly earning a living at the Apple store in
Lincoln Park. "I wasn't even a genius at the Genius Bar - I was the 50-year-old
selling you an iPhone. I was that guy. Didn't bother me. It was actually one of
the greatest jobs I had."

Plans for the movie's release have been announced before. Plans that never
panned out. But Johnson insists this time it's for real and that the movie will
be out on May 25, 2017, 40 years to the day after Star Wars first hit theatres.

There is some legit Star Wars DNA behind the scenes: One of the producers of
5-25-77 is Gary Kurtz, whose credits include the original Star Wars and The
Empire Strikes Back. But just as importantly, he was a producer on American
Graffiti as well, which Johnson's film so clearly emulates with its throwback
esthetics and teenage nostalgia. The trailer suggests there's also a bit of
Breaking Away in there, as well as Freaks and Geeks. I have high hopes for this
thing.

Another friend of Johnson's who worked on the film is John Knoll, a pal from
their modelmaking days who would become a visual-effects supervisor on films

such as Avatar and now runs Industrial Light Magic for Lucasfilm. Oh, and Knoll
has a producer and story credit on the upcoming Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.

Johnson's film is pretty much completed and has played here and there at
festivals. But he was back in Illinois to pick up a few extra shots last month
outside the Genesee Theatre in Waukegan.

"There are a few moments in the film that we cobbled together and that would
stand in for footage that we really wanted," he told me. "And I would find
myself almost apologizing for those scenes at film festivals. So this scene is
where Pat and his best friend go riding around sort of doing the scoop the loop
thing in downtown Waukegan, looking for girls and thinking they're cool, when of
course, they're not. They called that 'cruising' in American Graffiti. In
Waukegan we called it scooping the loop, because there are these streets that
you loop around."

Daley, his star, has aged past the point where he could be in these pickup
shots. But Johnson said he already has that footage, and all he needed now were
some shots from the kid's point of view of his surroundings.

When you are finally done with the film, I asked, do you think you might feel a
bit lost?

That got a big laugh from Johnson. "No. I want to do other things."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Moonwatcher Inc.; Star John Francis Daley was in his late teens when
shooting began for 5-25-77 in 2004.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            September 4, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

GOOD TIMES FOR THEM; SHAFT FOR US

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 718 words


Do you ever get the feeling political life in Tallahassee is so incestuous it
makes the Hapsburgs look like Beaver Cleaver's family?

So there was Ryder Rudd, the ever so popular social butterfly of the Public
Service Commission, where he also just happens to work as staff lobbyist,
finding himself wandering the streets of Palm Beach Gardens last May, when as
luck would have it he wound up in front of the home of the gracious Ed Tancer,
the top silk-stocking lawyer for Florida Power & Light.

Good fortune smiled upon Ryder Rudd that afternoon. Tancer happened to be
hosting a Kentucky Derby Party. And thus hail-fellow-well-met fellowship filled
the air. Good times, good times.

Oh sure, some might look askance at a taxpayer-funded utility regulator playing
footsie-wootsie with a big shot of the very utility he is supposed to be
regulating, especially a utility trying to finagle a 30 percent, $1.3 billion
annual rate increase out of the PSC.

However, Rudd has insisted with a tut-tut here and a tut-tut there that nothing
whatsoever untoward could be construed from his enjoying Tancer's hospitality.
All that occurred at the wingding was a humble public servant briefly glomming
down a few pigs-in-a-blanket and maybe a crab claw or two and then perhaps a
refreshing gin and tonic before taking his leave.

Rudd did concede that it's entirely possible the FP&L rate hike might have been
mentioned in between the hummus dip and the baked brie, telling the St.
Petersburg Times/Miami Herald capital bureau: "I do as much information
gathering as possible. It was a good opportunity to meet people who are pushing
some of the issues I'm following."

Gee, do ya think? Just what kind of "information gathering" did the Columbo of
the PSC expect to get at a tony soiree in a fancy home hosted by a hotsy-tot
lawyer who represents a powerful business interest seeking $1.3 billion in rate
hikes from its customers?

"Uh, Ryder can you just give us the cockamamie money? Care for another bourbon
and branch? Have you tried the foie gras? Say, your wife is looking lovely
today."

Because Ryder Rudd demonstrated all the cluelessness of Wile E. Coyote
contemplating a burning fuse, the PSC, fearing it was more compromised than
Madonna, postponed its deliberations of FP&L's rate hike request, which if
granted would represent the largest bump in utility fees in 20 years.

This week, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement launched an investigation
of the PSC to determine if anyone else beside Ryder Rudd has been playing
spin-the-bottle of Dom Perignon with FP&L and its mouthpiece.

A FDLE official has indicated that at this point, it does not appear any
criminal activity may have taken place. Perhaps, but there sure appears to be a
prima facie case of unmitigated first-degree dumber than a sack of mai tai
umbrellas at work here.

Perhaps no other agency in government has a more direct influence than the PSC
over the daily lives and pocketbooks of all Floridians, who write a check each
month for their utilities.

So the perception that regulators, who have a great deal of juice (pun intended)
when it comes to a power company being granted a rate hike, might be something
less than objective, detached public servants with the best interests of the
public in mind when it comes to granting favors to the likes of FP&L, is
understandable.

Sheer common sense ought to have suggested to Rudd that palling around with the
beautiful people at Tancer's gala certainly wouldn't look good.

And the fact that a number of other PSC types decided to get themselves all
lawyered up the minute the FDLE came snooping around might suggest Ryder Rudd
might not have been the only one blowing air kisses at the very people the PSC
is supposedly regulating.

After the disclosures that Rudd's "information gathering" effort was stained
with guacamole dip, the PSC lobbyist was removed from dealing with any FP&L
business. Of course, this might free Rudd to make sure the Tampa Electric Co.'s
tee times are in order.

Ryder Rudd, who could have danced all night, might have unwittingly created a
perverse parlor game for utility customers around the state.

The next time your power bill arrives in the mail, peruse the multitude of fees,
charges, taxes and surcharges ad nauseam - and see if you can find where the
mint julep is hidden.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

How much road-tripping can be crammed into 10 days?

BYLINE: Jeff Melnychuk, The Citizen

SECTION: DRIVERS SEAT; Pg. A35

LENGTH: 379 words


I previously wrote an editorial about taking more road trips, stopping the
over-planning and enjoying the people and places that drop onto your lap along
the way. You know, take that off-ramp and see what happens. Stop at that shop on
the corner and meet some new folks. That kind of thing.

As if to prove the point, right after completing the column I picked up a car in
San Francisco, Calif., for a road trip to Los Angeles. Normally, it takes the
better part of a day of straight driving to get there, but on this trip I
managed to finagle 10 days to do it, which would mean way more time out of the
car than in it.

Who would I meet? What kind of mischief was waiting for me out there? There was
one minor oversight, however. To do some of these things, you need to actually
get out of the car every once in a while. You see, my road-trip car was a
$200,000 Porsche Panamera Turbo S sedan and getting out and doing all that
meet-new-people, do-localthings stuff seemed rather secondary to just driving a
car I might never be in again.

So, rather than taking 10 days to meander to L.A. down the Pacific Coast
highway, I decided to detour and simply add some kilometres to get more seat
time in the Panamera. Not a few miles here and there, either. Like, San Fran to
L.A. via Napa Valley, Yosemite Park, Death Valley, the Grand Canyon and Las
Vegas. What might have been a 1,000-kilometre stop-and-go trip turned into a
3,000-kilometre mostly-go trip with stops late in the day to bed down.

The drive through California's Death Valley should be on everyone's bucket list.
Honestly. The Panamera's 550 horsepower made short work of the asphalt strung
through the Martian landscape. A little foot hike out onto the salt flats really
gives you a sense of a perspective out here. It's 40 C, you're 60 metres below
sea level and it's so flat you can watch your dog run away for three days. An
amazing view.

It's difficult to quantify what makes a great road-trip car, but the lesson is
that if the road-trip car is great, you'll likely want to add some clicks,
inadvertently making the road trip better by seeing more and probably doing
more.

Without the Panamera, it would have been a straight shot to L.A. from San
Franscisco and I wouldn't have crammed as much living into 10 days.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / MELNYCHUK;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 August 6, 2007

Tightening credit markets cast shadow over megadeals

SECTION: Vol. 28; No. 22; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 784 words


Almost overnight, the nation's lending climate has tightened dramatically, and
the timing couldn't be worse for two Indianapolis companies.

A pair of private equity firms are trying to line up billions of dollars in debt
financing to complete their $ 5.6 billion purchase of locally based Allison
Transmission from General Motors Corp.

Meanwhile, locally based Finish Line Inc. plans to rely on debt to pay nearly
the entire cost of its $ 1.5 billion acquisition of Tennessee-based Genesco Inc.

Those deals still may very well happen. But there's reason for concern.

Financial executives say the tough new environment will slow the nation's buyout
boom, scuttling many pending deals. To close others, buyers will have to pump in
more equity or pay higher interest rates on debt. Unless buyers finagle lower
purchase prices, they'll end up stuck with smaller returns.

A recent New York Times headline said it all: Bam! Easy credit evaporates, and
so does the buyout frenzy.

Why the new mind-set? As hundreds of billions of dollars in deals await funding,
bankers finally are fretting over how much risk the market can bear. Frenetic
competition among suitors has bid up buyout prices to record levels. And because
the deals are funded with heavy debt, purchasers have little margin for error.

Things are still really good in the overall economy, said Glenn Scolnik, CEO of
the private equity firm Hammond Kennedy Whitney & Co. But lenders are nervous.
So they are starting to dial back.

The strains already are showing up in the Allison and Finish Line deals. Last
month, Allison's buyers New York-based Carlyle Group and Onex Corp. postponed a
sale of $ 3.1 billion in loans they'd planned to use to finance the purchase.

My guess is [the purchase] will still go through, but they are probably working
on a revised capital structure and maybe a lower price, Scolnik said.

And some Genesco investors are losing faith they'll ever collect the eye-popping
$ 54.50 a share Finish Line dangled for their company. After Finish Line
announced the deal June 18, Genesco shares rose as high as $ 54.14, but they've
been swooning since and now fetch just $ 50.65. If investors thought closing
were a slam-dunk, that 7-percent spread would shrink to almost nothing.

Finish Line has done what it can to calm the waters. Before announcing the
Genesco purchase and before credit markets slid into disarray it lined up a
commitment letter from Swiss-based UBS Securities LLC for up to $ 1.6 billion in
financing.

Within weeks, however, analysts were wondering whether UBS might pull the plug,
spooked by a decline in Finish Line's operating performance, its falling stock
price and growing weakness in credit markets. Finish Line shares fell the day
the companies unveiled their deal and have continued their slide since. They now
trade for $ 6.50, 48 percent below the price the day before the announcement.

Not to worry, Finish Line officials said in a conference call with analysts June
29. Peppered with questions about whether language in the letter might give UBS
the right to extricate itself, Chief Financial Officer Kevin Wampler suggested
the investment firm wasn't going anywhere.

He said the letter doesn't give UBS an out tied to Finish Line's stock price.
And, when asked if the changing credit markets could give it an out, Wampler
said, Realistically, no. ... UBS has stepped up, and we are fully committed. So
we are ready to go.

At the least, however, the uncertainty could force Finish Line to pay higher
interest rates. To help pay for Genesco, Finish Line plans to issue $ 700
million in bonds. But if markets aren't conducive, UBS has agreed to make a
bridge loan for a like amount a pricier form of debt, analysts say.

A recent analysis by Citigroup analyst Kate McShane says that under a best-case
scenario for interest rates, the Genesco purchase might boost Finish Line's
per-share profit in the first full year by 5 cents. In the worst case, the
purchase might cause per-share profit to shrink by 20 cents. She opined that
Finish Line might be biting off more than it can chew.

Other analysts are more bullish on the deal, saying it gives Finish Line access
to Genesco's strong stable of mall chains including Journeys and Hat World
reducing the Indianapolis company's reliance on the topsy-turvy sports apparel
and shoe business.

But these days, savvy strategy will get you only so far. As recently as two
months ago, bankers were deal-makers' best friends, fueling the buyout mania
with cheap credit. Now, if companies like Finish Line and Allison close their
deals under their original terms, it will be despite the lending market, not
because of it.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2007 IBJ Corporation


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           September 15, 2000, Friday

MILITARY CAN'T HIDE TRUTH ON YOUTHS

BYLINE: Douglas Montero

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 029

LENGTH: 501 words


SHRAPNEL from an explosion knocked 12-year-old Calvin Graham down three flights
of stairs aboard the USS South Dakota during the Battle of Guadalcanal in 1942.

Despite his wounds, Calvin managed to pull several other sailors to safety. He
was awarded three medals but, in the process, the Navy discovered he was lying
about his age.

Calvin was stripped of his honors and thrown in the brig shortly after the South
Dakota docked at the Brooklyn Navy Yard for repairs.

For years, the United States has treated teenagers who finagle their way into
the Armed Forces like dirt - which possibly could explain why the Marines didn't
bother to put a tombstone on the North Carolina grave of Pfc. Dan Bullock of
Brooklyn.

Veterans and readers throughout the metropolitan area expressed their outrage
yesterday over the government's slight of Bullock, who, in 1969 at age 15,
became the youngest serviceman killed in the Vietnam War. He had altered his
birth certificate to enlist.

"I'm very concerned and upset that he wasn't honored the way he should have
been, and any Marine will feel the same way," said John Patterson, 61, of the
Central Jersey Marine Corps League.

One Vietnam vet, who didn't want his named used, said, "I just can't believe it.
You go to Vietnam, give your life for this country, come back home and not have
a headstone - I'll buy the kid a headstone."

Ray Jackson, 71, of Arizona is well aware of the government's treatment of
hundreds of teenagers who served in wars during the 20th century.

He's the vice commander of the Veterans of Underage Military Service, formed in
1991 to seek out former soldiers who for years hid their true age fearing the
government "was out to get them," to strip them of their medals, their GI
benefits and, most important, dignity.

Jackson estimates about 200,000 underage youths have served since the beginning
of World War I. The group has about 1,000 members - but many others remain in
hiding.

The last known underage person to become a soldier was a Marine in 1976, Jackson
said. The United States has since verified the ages of recruits.

"It's only been in the last 10 years that we started talking about fudging our
way into [the service], but now we're too old to give a damn," said Jackson, who
became a Marine at age 16. "Now it's a badge of honor."

Jackson thinks the Marines -

accustomed to treating a living underage soldier like a disease - didn't know
how to treat a dead one in 1969 whose name was splashed over newspapers across
the country. Bullock got a full military funeral for the cameras, but once the
media left, he was forgotten - just like the others.

By the way, World War II hero Calvin Graham spent three months in the brig until
his sister threatened to tell the media the Navy had a 12-year-old kid in its
jail. They eventually released him, and his military honors were restored by
President Reagan in 1988, four years before his death.


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PFC. DAN BULLOCK Hero Marine died at 15.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 30, 1990, Sunday, City Edition

Hall of Fame Bowl

BYLINE: BOB HARIG; BRIAN LANDMAN; JOHN ROMANO; RANDY CREMER

SECTION: SPORTS; BOWL NOTEBOOK; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 919 words



Replay away: The new Sony JumboTron replay scoreboard at Tampa Stadium will be
turned on during the Hall of Fame Bowl Tuesday, but it took some last-minute
financing to finagle it.

    The Buccaneers wanted $ 12,000 for use of the state-of-the-art board or they
would pull the plug. But bowl officials were able to get one of their major
corporate sponsors, GTE, to contribute $ 6,000, and the bowl put up the other $
6,000.

    "It's all settled," Hall of Fame Bowl executive director Jim McVay said.
"You've got to have that on. The fans, the players, everyone will love it."

    Injury report: Illinois starting junior offensive guard Tim Simpson cut his
right foot in a pool at the Harbour Island Hotel and missed Saturday morning's
practice at the University of South Florida.

    Meanwhile, sophomore tailback Wagner Lester (262 yards rushing, 250 yards
receiving) injured the middle finger on his right hand and was scheduled to have
it X-rayed. Both Simpson and Lester are expected to play on New Year's Day.

    Practice update: Illinois will practice today from 10:45 a.m. to noon at
USF. Clemson had its final session Saturday morning at the University of Tampa's
Pepin/Rood Stadium. The Tigers will hold a walk-through at Tampa Stadium on
Monday.

    To our fighting men: Illinois coach John Mackovic presented 1,000
complimentary tickets to the Hall of Fame Bowl to Col. Stig Egede-Nissen, the
base commander at MacDill Air Force Base.  Mackovic and Egede-Nissen are former
classmates at Wake Forest University.
 Orange Bowl


 Another chance: Colorado fullback George Hemingway finally will get to play in
the Orange Bowl in Miami.

    Hemingway was supposed to start in last year's game but was sent home after
he broke team rules and drank on a team cruise. Coach Bill McCartney said he
believes that was a turning point for Hemingway.

    "He's really matured since that incident," McCartney said. "He's grown up a
lot."

    Hemingway's absence played a role in Colorado's loss last year.  Not only
did the Buffaloes miss his blocking, but Hemingway was supposed to be the
intended receiver on a fake field-goal attempt that failed in the game.
Hemingway's replacement never practiced the play and couldn't get through the
defensive line.

    Holtz decoy? If Notre Dame quarterback Rick Mirer has a "sore" or "tired"
arm, as coach Lou Holtz claimed Friday, the Irish players haven't noticed.

    Tailback Ricky Watters laughed.

    "No way The way he's throwing the ball around, there's nothing wrong with
it," he said.

    "He was putting the ball in there like always," said Raghib Ismail.

 Cotton Bowl


   Time to be quiet: Two days after he called Miami players "arrogant" and
"gangsters," Texas offensive tackle Stan Thomas said his days of controversial
talk before the Cotton Bowl in Dallas are over.

    "I'm through talking," he told reporters with a grin. "I've already made
enough money for you all."

    Maryland on their minds: Texas coaches came out of the film room with their
eyes glazed after watching Miami's Russell Maryland destroy offenses.

     "You've got to be real lucky to block him," said Texas coach David
McWilliams after seeing the Hurricanes' defensive tackle stack up a highlight
film of big plays. "He's a quick, penetrating and dominating player."

    "I haven't played against anybody that quick all year," said Jeff Boyd, a
sophomore guard who has drawn the task of blocking the 6-foot-2, 275-pound
Maryland. "We've got to keep him from controlling the game."
 Citrus Bowl


   Good idea: Citrus Bowl activities provided one of the better matchups of the
pregame festivities in Orlando when about 135 emotionally and physically
handicapped children were paired off with members of the Georgia Tech and
Nebraska teams.

    Nebraska All-America defensive lineman Kenny Walker was matched with
11-year-old Darren Dorr. Dorr and Walker both are deaf, having contracted spinal
meningitis when they were toddlers.  The two spent the day playing games, eating
barbecue and ice cream and talking in sign language.

    "It's a tremendous feeling," Dorr's father, Dwight, said of the experience.
"It's great for Darren to see someone like Kenny, who has overcome his obstacles
to become successful."
 Sugar Bowl


   Thumbs up for Moore: Yes, Virginia, there appears to be a Santa Claus, and
his gift is Shawn Moore in the starting lineup for Tuesday's Sugar Bowl meeting
with 10th-ranked Tennessee.

    Moore's right thumb was surgically repaired after he dislocated it on the
final play of the Maryland game on Nov. 17. He pronounced himself 60 percent
rehabilitated when Virginia arrived for the game, and his improvement in
subsequent practices has been dramatic.

    Virginia coach George Welsh said Saturday he just about has made up his mind
to start Moore.

    "His thumb was a little sore after yesterday's practice. I've got to reserve
the final decision until tomorrow morning," Welsh said. "If he is not hurting
and he can go like he did today, he will definitely be the one. That's the way
it stands right now."
 Staff writers Bob Harig, Brian Landman and John Romano, correspondent Randy
Cremer and the Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CLOSED FOR THE HOLIDAY AND A BIT LONGER;
JULY 4TH TURNS INTO 5-DAY BREAK

BYLINE: By J. CHRISTINA HUH and JEFF OSTROWSKI Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 702 words


With the Fourth of July falling in the middle of the week this year,
Independence Day is liberating frantic Americans from work for the latest twist
in mini-vacations - the "five-day weekend."

The mid-week holiday is letting workers finagle five days of travel while taking
only two days of vacation.

Long weekenders like Clay Dell of Knoxville, Tenn., are vacationing from
Saturday through today, or from today through Sunday.

Dell flew from Tennessee to Florida on Saturday. The farm tractor salesman came
to Florida for five days of fishing, snorkeling and relaxing. The 28-year-old
planned to fly back to Knoxville this afternoon.

"I'm going to have a good time," said Dell, who was sitting poolside at the
Holiday Inn-Oceanside in Highland Beach. "If it will quit raining."

According to a survey by the Travel Industry Association for AAA, 41.9 percent
of Fourth of July vacationers in the Southeast said they would start their
Fourth of July weekend the Friday before the holiday. That's slightly higher
than the country as a whole, which is at 37.9 percent.

"People are arranging whole vacations around Fourth of July," said Donna
Pierson, guest services coordinator of the Palm Beach Resort & Beach Club.

Almost all of the resort's 29 rooms are booked, Pierson said, mainly by local
residents.

Vacation used to mean a leisurely week or two away from the office. But for a
variety of reasons, time-starved workers are making long weekends their vacation
of choice, said John Challenger, head of Chicago-based consulting firm
Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc.

For starters, the typical American has only 12 vacation days a year, far fewer
than workers in other developed countries. Then there's the matter of all the
work that goes into preparing for a vacation and catching up again after it's
over.

What's more, extended trips often come with outsized price tags. Finally,
workers are just paranoid enough to worry that their job security might suffer
if they're gone for too many days in a row.

"What this era is all about is, 'How can I find a long weekend?'" Challenger
said. "Long weekends are hot."

Challenger says work-addicted Americans find that they can squeeze a little
relaxation from a couple extra days away from the office.

"You get a lot of stress reduction from just taking a long weekend," Challenger
said.

AAA expected Fourth of July travel this year to increase by 0.8 percent
nationwide and 0.4 percent in the Southeast region.

Lower plane fares and gas prices have contributed to the slight increase.

Gas for today's holiday is about 25 cents cheaper compared with the Memorial Day
holiday, although it's 3 cents more than it was last Fourth of July, said Gregg
Laskoski, managing director at AAA Auto Club South.

Most vacationers - 84 percent nationally - will take the road.

But air travel is expected to increase by 3.5 percent from last year to 11
percent of travelers.

Among those coming to Palm Beach County by plane are Steve Shundich, a senior
manager at Motorola who planned to fly in from Chicago on Tuesday night.

He used the five-day weekend to bring his girlfriend on her first visit to
Florida.

"If she enjoys the visit, we could come back later for an extended stay," he
said.

While beachfront hotels were gearing up, not all hoteliers were happy.

For hotels that cater to business travelers, this mid-week Fourth of July
weekend means fewer guests.

Most businesspeople travel between Monday and Thursday, but the mid-week holiday
makes for "a whole week of weekends," said Joel Darr, general manager of the
Palm Beach Gardens Marriott Hotel.

Its rooms are filled with social groups and traveling youth sports teams. In one
bright spot, Darr said the hotel would open Club Safari, the hotel night club,
on Tuesday night, which this week was a pseudo-Saturday night. The club usually
is open only Thursday through Sunday.

But hotels that cater to leisure travelers are gearing up not only for the
five-day weekend but also for another quirk of the calendar, the "lucky seven"
Saturday.

It's the seventh day of the seventh month of 2007, and prospective couples
across the nation have rushed to get married on the auspicious date of triple
sevens.

- christina_huh@pbpost.com

- jeff_ostrowski@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Info box at end of text.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 DAMON HIGGINS/Staff Photographer A dry-cleaning business on Belvedere Road sits
closed for the Fourth of July holiday, with a couple of days to spare. AAA
reports 42 percent of vacationers started their holiday on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 1, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Live, From Burbank, Calif., Hispanic Indignation

BYLINE: By RANDAL C. ARCHIBOLD

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 922 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, March 31


The jokes kept coming: skits loaded with bleeped-out vulgarisms about wasting
food at buffets and people who snore too loudly, a prank call to an event
organizer trying to finagle an invitation, hijinks enhanced by sound effects
befitting a radio-show whose host is nicknamed El Mandril, or the Baboon.

But then El Mandril -- from a studio at KBUE-FM in suburban Burbank adorned with
posters of him in the flowery dresses and purple-and-orange wigs of his radio
alter egos -- interrupted his morning drive-time zoo on Friday for a message
from his conscience.

With the flip of a switch, literally and figuratively, he changed the tenor of
his show, one of the most popular Spanish-language radio programs in Los
Angeles.

The laughter subsided and the ranchera music faded as El Mandril opened the
telephone line and took a call from a demonstration organizer in San Diego
calling to say that more than 1,000 local students had skipped school to protest
immigration legislation before Congress, part of a wave of such demonstrations
in Southern California this past week.

''I understand you also are going to Tijuana to drum up interest there,'' said
El Mandril, whose real name is Ricardo Sanchez, one of a handful of radio-show
hosts here credited with steering hundreds of thousands of immigrants and their
supporters into the streets of downtown Los Angeles last weekend.

Now, the question for Mr. Sanchez and his allies is what comes next. Mr. Sanchez
pondered that and decided to continue to fan the flames, this week inviting to
his program activists pushing for more demonstrations and a nationwide boycott
on May 1 that would call on all Latino immigrants, legal or not, to skip work
and avoid buying anything.

His guests on Friday morning included representatives from Hermandad Mexicana
Nacional, an advocacy group hoping to turn out thousands of people on Saturday
in Costa Mesa to protest plans by the police to help enforce immigration laws, a
move organizers see as an affront to Latino immigrants there.

But Mr. Sanchez is trying to balance his inner demands with the expectations of
his more than one million listeners who want a fun show, and that of outside
advocates, who want more attention for one of the largest mobilizations of
Latinos in years.

''I am not an activist,'' said Mr. Sanchez, 40, a legal resident from Veracruz,
Mexico, who speaks no English but worked his way up to his own show here three
years ago after working in radio in Tijuana, Mexico. ''What I do is make jokes
and make people laugh. This is the first time I have really done anything like
this. But it is important for our community, and what the politicians are doing
is not recognizing the work immigrants do.''

Mr. Sanchez said he had not paid much attention to the immigration issue until
meeting with demonstration organizers, who have focused on legislation passed by
the House of Representatives last year that would, among other things, make it a
felony to be in the United States without proper papers and a federal crime to
aid illegal immigrants. A bill in the Senate would take a different tack,
putting in place ways for illegal immigrants to gain citizenship.

Mr. Sanchez said it had not taken much to pique his interest.

He said he had felt the sting of racism in crude remarks from strangers in and
around Los Angeles and in dirty looks from hotel staff members on trips to Las
Vegas.

That, coupled with a sense of a big moment at hand, motivated him to meet with
other radio-show hosts and disc jockeys, who agreed to urge their listeners to
turn out for a March 25 demonstration in downtown Los Angeles.

The police said 500,000 people turned out, though organizers put the figure at
more than a million.

The March 25 Coalition, the organization that coordinated the demonstration,
sought to keep the Spanish-language news media engaged, urging them to promote
the proposed May 1 boycott and other protests.

''That's when this thing really took off, when we got the Spanish radio and
television on board with us,'' said Jesse Diaz, a sociology researcher at the
University of California, Riverside, and one of the main organizers. ''El
Mandril and the others, they stepped up.''

On Friday, Mr. Sanchez gave more than an hour of air time to Isabel Rodriguez, a
civil-rights lawyer, who answered listeners' questions about truancy citations
given to some students who missed class to attend marches.

''A student cannot be suspended or ticketed?'' Mr. Sanchez asked.

Ms. Rodriguez responded, ''The First Amendment protects the right of
expression.''

Shortly after thanking Ms. Rodriguez for her remarks, Mr. Sanchez adopted the
effete manner of one of his radio personalities and engaged in racy banter with
his comrades-in-morning-lunacy, the three crew members who hoot and cheer when
it seems appropriate. Together, they call themselves ''Los Guapos de la
Manana,'' the Handsome Ones of the Morning.

''We call ourselves that because, look at us, none of us are,'' said Mr.
Sanchez, squat and portly in a pink tropical shirt and jeans.

Then, perhaps the flip switched again, and Mr. Sanchez pointed to a laptop
computer, and within seconds used it to display pictures of the big protest last
weekend, beaming at a shot of himself at the front of the march wearing a white
T-shirt with the slogan ''Work and hope are not crimes,'' his arms interlocked
with a state senator and rally organizer.

''Look at that,'' he said with a giggle. ''All the other D.J.'s were like, how
did you get up there?''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ricardo Sanchez, known as El Mandril, has regularly spoken about
immigration on his morning radio program in suburban Los Angeles. (Photo by
Monica Almeida/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 20, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

At Inaugural Headquarters, Pandemonium;
Buildup to Festivities Bears Down on Office

Michele L. Norris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 1157 words


The main lobby in Building 159 in the Washington Navy Yard is almost always
packed these days by an anxious mob of entertainment agents, construction crews,
traveling salespeople and political hobnobbers looking for a piece of the
inaugural action.

Some come to sell commemorative key fobs, finagle box seats to the inaugural
balls or beg for minimum-wage jobs answering phones. Others want to arrange for
macrobiotic backstage meals or dinner seats at a table near the dais. They show
up clutching audition tapes, architectural blueprints or steamy serving trays of
catfish canapes or other goodies President-elect Clinton is said to love.

They get as far as the front door before they find out that no matter how
important they might be outside Building 159, they won't be rushed in. No one
enters the sprawling maze of makeshift offices that serve as Clinton's official
inaugural headquarters without first being signed in and escorted inside by an
official inaugural employee. It's almost easier to get inside the Pentagon.

In less than six weeks, the Presidential Inaugural Committee has grown from a
fledgling operation with five employees that occupied 92,000 square feet of
warehouse space into a massive operation that pays almost 300 employees and
finds work for 200 more volunteers each day. The committee even publishes its
own newsletter.  It will spend more than $ 20 million in the next 30 days. Among
other things, the money will make possible two concert galas, two children's
programs, a parade and America's Reunion on the Mall -- an outdoor festival at
the Lincoln Memorial that will feature a musical review and 300,000 square feet
of heated tents filled with food and crafts from throughout the country.

For most visitors who descend on the inaugural headquarters each day, the week
of events from Jan. 17-21 represents a bonanza of business and social activity.
But press spokeswoman Joyce Kravitz best sums up the sentiments of inaugural
commitee workers preparing for the Jan. 20 swearing-in ceremony when she answers
the phone by saying, "I'm dancing as fast as I can.".

Blue signs hang throughout the second-floor inaugural offices counting down the
number of days until Clinton takes the oath of office. Most employees say they
try to block them out. "I cover my eyes when I walk past those signs," Dawn
Alexander said. She works in the inaugural press office as a liaison for
Washington area media. "We are under enough pressure already."

Nowhere is that pressure more intense than in the finance department -- a
massive suite of offices with the feel of a Wall Street trading floor at closing
time. Dozens of people sit hunched over telephones trying to raise more than $
20 million in short-term, private loans to help pay for what is shaping up as
the longest and largest inaugural in history.

Inaugural planners are funding the events through a guaranteed trust dependent
on donations from business and private donors. Most of the benefactors also
contributed to Clinton's presidential campaign. The trust works much like a
90-day, no interest loan. It is to be repaid with proceeds from ticket sales for
the parade and inaugural balls, the marketing of inaugural commemorative items
and advertising revenue from the Presidential Gala concert that will be
televised during prime time on CBS on Jan. 19.

Planners had financial commitments for $ 17 million at the end of last week,
according to committee co-chairman Rahm Emanuel. But the financial pressure
valve was turned up last week when inaugural planners calculated that their
prediction that $ 20 million would be enough was incorrect.

Few events of similar size are staged under such intense pressure. It takes
months, sometimes years to put together a political convention or a Super Bowl,
and those are stationary, single events. An inauguration, on the other hand,
must be planned, produced and prodded into shape in fewer than 11 weeks.

As intense as the task is, the atmosphere in the inaugural headquarters is one
of controlled pandemonium. Although its life span is limited, the committee
charged with the gargantuan task of planning Clinton's inauguration has
developed a culture -- a hybrid somewhere between a campaign headquarters and a
wedding reception.

While the finance department has a no-nonsense feel, the events department at
the opposite end of the building is a party in progress. Posters of pop music
stars hang from the walls. Bunting and balloons are everywhere, and employees
listen to disco music while they work out plans for 10 inaugural balls, an array
of musical performances and a parade that will feature, among other things, an
Elvis Presley impersonator.

Workers begin arriving at 6:30 a.m. and some don't leave until after midnight.
"Sometimes I feel like we've all been taken hostage in this building," said
Sally Aman, the press director for the inaugural parade. "We all just pretend
that we still have a social life, but in reality this is our only life."

Since they are working so intensely, the inaugural workers essentially are at
the mercy of the caterers who shower the headquarters with food. Everything
stops when the food arrives and meals look like chow time at Quantico. To make
sure that no one takes more than one portion, retiree Virginia Oldham volunteers
as the food enforcer. "Are you sure you're going to eat all that," she asks,
when people load up their plates.

Staff members say the food took a nose dive last week after the committee signed
six-figure contracts with a few caterers. For a time, caterers fishing for
business sent fajitas, steak, pa

te and crepes for 400 people. One night last week, workers were reluctantly
plopping chicken and rice casserole on their plates and reminiscing about meals
past.

In a building where empty space is constantly being transformed into offices,
construction crews wield as much, and sometimes more, clout than the
highest-ranking political operatives.

On a recent afternoon, a man wearing a camel hair coat and Gucci loafers pushed
his way to the front of the line at the guard's desk and announced, "I'm here to
see Ron Brown," referring to the Democratic National Committee chairman. At that
moment, another man wearing painter's pants with a hammer hanging off his belt
wheeled around and said, "Oh yeah? Well me too!" He flashed a hard look. Mr.
Self-Important in the Guccis shuffled to the back of the line.

The physical layout changes almost daily. Since Nov. 13, the committee has
installed 1,300 phone lines, 500 computer terminals and more than 100 fax
machines.

Most of the furniture in the inaugural offices comes from surplus stock from the
General Services Administration. As expected, the best stuff lands in the
offices belonging to the inaugural honchos. Ronald H. Brown sits at a massive
carved wooden desk with a white sticker on the side that says, "Property of the
D.C. Department of Corrections."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MIKE PITTS, WHO IS WORKING ON TRANSPORTATION FOR THE INAUGURAL,
PAUSES FOR A MOMENT AT THE OTHERWISE BUSY HEADQUARTERS. BILL O'LEARY

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 2, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Ben and Jerry's Home Town

BYLINE: By MARIALISA CALTA;  MARIALISA CALTA is a resident of Calais, Vt.

SECTION: Section 5; Page 29; Column 1; Travel Desk

LENGTH: 2093 words


A CLERK at the Cold Hollow Cider Mill in Waterbury, Vt., unceremoniously reduced
the price of a piece of cider cheesecake. "I think $1.25 is too much," she said,
ringing up an even $1. Down the road, a bartender at Tanglewoods managed to
finagle some soup and a hamburger out of a kitchen that had technically closed.
"I'd hate to send you away hungry," she said. At the Grunberg Haus Bed and
Breakfast, a late arrival found a note from the owners listing which rooms were
available and exhorting guests to "help yourselves to munchies" at the bar.

Only 10 miles south of Stowe, Waterbury is short on the glitz of that resort
town but long on courtesy and cheerful service. Stretched along the Winooski
River, Waterbury, with its aging brick and clapboard buildings, has more of the
look of a Massachusetts mill town than a quaint Vermont village. And while Stowe
has a stylish atmosphere, the operative word in Waterbury is friendly. A recent
visit proved it to be interesting as well.

A bustling hamlet of 4,800, Waterbury is home to many state offices and has two
country inns, three bed and breakfasts, at least six specialty food producers
(including the Ben & Jerry's Homemade ice cream plant), several good
restaurants, a few antiques stores and a handful of chain-saw art producers.

The focus for summer activities is the Waterbury Reservoir, five miles long,
surrounded by forested public lands and fed by two rivers. Built in 1933 by the
Civilian Conservation Corps after a flood devastated the area, the reservoir
offers swimming at a public beach ($1 entry fee), boating at two landings,
fishing and camping at Little River State Park on the south side of Mount
Mansfield, at 4,393 feet Vermont's highest peak. The park is accessible to the
handicapped and offers nature trails, tent and trailer sites and lean-tos.

The town also maintains a public pool and four tennis courts. Golf is offered at
the Blush Hill Country Club. Hunger Moutain and the distinctive Camel's Hump
mountain -- which is also part of the Long Trail, Vermont's connection to the
Appalachian Trail -- are popular hiking routes.

Regular summer events include a farmer's market and an outdoor concert series,
both at Rusty Parker Memorial Park in the center of town.  Market day is
Wednesday; the concerts are scheduled irregularly and offer a variety of music,
from bluegrass to classical.

A former dairying town, which at the time of World War II boasted more than 100
farms, Waterbury was known until the past decade for the state mental hospital.
The trend toward releasing patients from state hospitals left only about 100 of
the former 1,200 at the hospital, and other state offices -- outgrowing their
headquarters in Montpelier, the capital 12 miles southeast, were relocated on
the grounds.

In 1985, Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield -- the Ben and Jerry of ice cream fame
-- changed Waterbury's identity by locating their headquarters on Route 100, a
two-lane road known locally as Stowe Road.

A food tour might begin at the south end of town with the Green Mountain
Chocolate Company, which is technically in the neighboring town of Duxbury but
has a Waterbury mailing address. Owned by Albert Kumin, who was the White House
pastry chef during the Carter Administration, and operated by his daughter
Julie, and son-in-law Jeffrey Hachmann, the business offers hand-dipped candies,
spun and pulled-sugar centerpieces and cakes. The chocolatiers' signature
truffles, which are made in eight flavors (including one featuring the Vermont
Distillers' maple-flavored liqueur, Tamarack) sell for $14.95 a pound in the
store. Visitors do not see the candy-making process, however.


TRAVELING north, at the intersection of U.S. 2 and Route 100, one finds a
low-slung warehouse containing the headquarters of both Miguel's Stowe Away --
makers of salsa, tortilla chips and Mexican sauces -- and Vermont Distillers.
Miguel's houses only offices and storage, although employees will sell Miguel's
products at wholesale prices and direct visitors to the two restaurants bearing
the company's name in Warren and in Stowe.

Vermont Distillers does offer a tour, albeit an unorthodox one. A recent visit
found Jerry Soat, warehouse manager, showing off the custom-made, copper pot
stills in which the company distills its Verandah Gin, Mad River Vodka and
Sugarbush Maple Spirits.

Mr. Soat explained the distilling process, revealing, for example, that the
distinctive flavor of Verandah Gin comes from cucumbers.  The tour ends in the
gift shop selling the aforementioned products -- actually, a couple of shelves
in the office.

Drive west on U.S. 2 (Main Street) and, on a side street called Coffee Lane, one
encounters Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, where the scent from some of the
company's 60 different blends of Arabica beans fills the air. Visitors are
welcome in the factory outlet-cum-cafe, where six different coffees are brewed
daily. A small cup costs 53 cents, and beans retail from $5.99 to $26 a pound.
Espresso and cappuccino, doughnuts and bagels are also available, and the
company plans to offer a luncheon menu and other light fare. Coffee brewers,
grinders, mugs, and the like, are also sold.

The guided tour at Ben & Jerry's, which is north of the business district on
Route 100, is an organized affair, beginning with a 10-minute slide show and
including a view of the manufacturing floor and free tastings. The slide show
details how two chubby, adolescent Long Islanders met in seventh grade and were
destined to make marketing history. The gift store is heavy on cows.
Black-and-white, Holstein-patterned stools with pink udders sell for $66, and
one can find socks ($5.99), mugs ($6.59), milk pitchers ($13.75) and hats
($18.49) with bovine motifs. Some of the crafts are produced by the Vermont
artist Woody Jackson, whose enterprise, Holy Cow! created the Holsteins that
graze on the company's delivery trucks. The tour lasts about a half-hour and
costs $1.

About two miles north of Ben & Jerry's, on Route 100, is the Cold Hollow Cider
Mill, a rambling, cheerfully crowded building redolent with apples, housing a
working rack-and-cloth press which, a short, introductory video explains, was
built during Prohibition to supply the legal base for bootlegged hard cider and
apple jack. Visitors can watch the press at work (although pressing slows
considerably in summer, right before harvest), and may browse through an
enormous array of Vermont-made crafts and foods, including many items made with
apples. Fresh cider sells for $2.85 a gallon, and apple pies, candied apples,
apple cakes and turnovers, cider doughnuts and cider cheesecake are among the
dozens of other foodstuffs for sale. A real treat is the tart cider jelly ($3.25
for an eight-ounce jar), an old-fashioned spread made by boiling cider to the
proper consistency.

Anyone interested in folk art should not miss both the Mouse Trap and the
Spinning Wheel -- two outposts of chain-saw sculpture on Route 100.  The
Spinning Wheel, which describes itself as "The Original Home of the Wooden
Bear," is a gift shop featuring souvenirs, crafts and miniatures. A
pressed-flower suncatcher sells for $12.50. In front of the shop is a veritable
wildlife refuge for moose, bear, deer, pandas, dogs and serpents carved from
white pine, ranging in price from $75 to $4,000. Recently, a visitor watched the
sculptor Charlie O'Brien, one of three carvers whose work is on display, free a
seagull from a small log. Also on the premises is Michael's Toys, where the
toymaker Michael Divoll makes rocking cows ($150), hobby horses ($14.95) and
other toys.

The Mouse Trap is a small, crowded store, which announces itself for at least a
quarter mile with its two-story chain-sawed bears, enormous eagles and small
wooden whirlygigs made in the shape of the California Raisins.  The work of the
chainsaw artist Max Osorio is displayed here, and the owner, Teresa (Ma) Curtis,
proudly points out the feathers and claws and other details, which, she says,
makes Mr. Osorio's work superior to that of other chainsaw sculptors. Prices for
his work begin at $50 and range into the thousands.

The store offers a treat for palate as well, in the form of maple-cured hams,
bacon and pepperoni, and smoked cheddar cheese, all smoked on the premises using
maple chips and corn cobs. The meats sell for $3.50 to $6.50 a pound; the smoked
cheddar, for $4.49 a pound.

Although small, Waterbury rewards the visitor with its outdoor recreational
opportunities, small-town atmosphere and offerings from Vermont's burgeoning
specialty foods industry. Travelers should arrive hungry.

GUIDE TO WATERBURY

What to See

Most of the following are handicapped accessible.

Green Mountain Chocolate Company: Route 100 South, R.D. 2, Box 1447, Waterbury,
Vt. 05676; (802) 244-8356. Open from 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. Closed Tuesdays.

Miguel's Stowe Away: R.R. 3, Box 2086, Waterbury, Vt. 05676; (802) 244-7886. No
tours.

Vermont Distillers: intersection of Route 100 and U.S. 2, R.R. 3, Box 2086-3;
Waterbury, Vt. 05676 (802) 244-6255. Tours from 11 A.M. to 2 P.M., Monday to
Friday.

Green Mountain Coffee Roasters: 33 Coffee Lane, Waterbury, Vt. 05676; (802)
244-5621. Hours: 6:30 A.M. to 5 P.M. Monday to Friday, 9 A. to 3 P.M. on
Saturday. Tours by appointment.

Ben & Jerry's Homemade: Route 100, Post Office Box 240, Waterbury, Vt. 05676;
(802) 244-8687 for tour information. Hours: 9 A.M. to 4:30 P.M., Monday to
Saturday, 11 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. Sundays. Tours every 15 minutes in July and
August, every 30 minutes other months. Admission: $1, children 12 and younger
free.

Cold Hollow Cider Mill: Route 100, Box 430, Waterbury Center, Vt. 05677; (802)
244-8771 or (800) 327-7537. Open from 8 A.M. to 6 P.M. every day.


The Spinning Wheel: Route 100, Waterbury Center, Vt. 05677; (802) 244-8883;
daily 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.

The Mouse Trap: Route 100, Waterbury, Vt. 05676; (802) 244-6334. Hours: 8 A.M.
to 7 P.M. daily.

Where to Stay

Lodging information from Waterbury Tourism Council, Post Office Box 468,
Waterbury, Vt. 05676; (800) 800-2224. Maps available from Waterbury Information,
(800) 368-6813.

Black Locust Inn, R.R. 1, Box 715, Waterbury Center, Vt. 05677; (802) 244-7490
or (800) 366-5592. One of six guest rooms, all with private baths, handicapped
accessible; $70 to $90 a night for two, including breakfast.

1836 Cabins, Route 100, Waterbury Center, Vt. 05677; (802) 244-8533. Cabins with
kitchens and baths. One- and two-bedroom units sleep four to six; phones
available; $69.50 a night for a standard cabin for two.

Grunberg Haus Bed and Breakfast, Route 100 South, R.R. 2, Box 1595, Waterbury,
Vt. 05676; (802) 244-7726 or (800) 800-7760. Ten guest rooms with shared baths,
private baths optional; $55 to $75 a night for two.

Inn at Blush Hill, Blush Hill Road, R.R. 1, Box 1266, Waterbury, Vt. 05676;
(802) 244-7529 or (800) 736-7522. Six rooms, two with private baths, one with
fireplace; $55 to $85 a night for two, including breakfast.

Old Stagecoach Inn, 18 North Main Street, Post Office Box 59, Waterbury, Vt.
05676 (802) 244-5056. Eight guest rooms, one with fireplace; $45 to $95 a night
for two, including Continental breakfast. Dining room open to the public on
Thursday to Saturday for dinner and Sunday for brunch.

Holiday Inn of Waterbury-Stowe, Exit 10, I-89, and Route 100 North, Waterbury,
Vt. 05676; (802) 244-7822 or (800) 465-4329. Saunas, outdoor pool, tennis
courts; 79 rooms; from $65 to $130 a night for two.

Thatcher Brook Inn, Route 100, R.D. 2, Box 62, Waterbury, Vt. 05676 (802)
244-5911 or (800) 292-5911. Rebuilt Victorian house; 24 rooms, all with bath and
phone; $75 to $155 a night for two, including Continental breakfast.

Where to Eat

Restaurants include Tanglewoods, in a former dairy barn, which features smoked
rabbit soup ($3), and the Villa Tragara, a Italian restaurant with Vermont veal
with prosciutto and fontina in Barolo wine sauce ($18.50).

More casual spots are the year-old Arvad's Spirits and Light Fare on South Main
Street, where ethnic dishes includes Carribean-style conch fritters ($3.95).

The Thatcher Brook Inn is arguably the most elegant spot, serving country French
cuisine. It is high-priced by local standards: on a recent visit, dinner for two
-- appetizers, entree, wine and coffee -- cost $85, including tip. Entrees
included lemon and rosemary duck breast in an overly sweet Chambord sauce
($19.50) and linguine with veal and madeira ($18.95).  M. C.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A group of cyclists in Waterbury, Vt. Thatcher Brook Inn. (pg.
29); Green Mountain Chocolate Company on State Route 100 has hand-dipped
candies. (pg. 45)(Photographs by Paul O. Boisvert for The New York Times)

Map of Vermont showing location of Waterbury

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fooling Them All With a Big Name

BYLINE: By MICHIKO KAKUTANI

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; BOOKS OF THE TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1031 words


THE MAN IN THE ROCKEFELLER SUIT

The Astonishing Rise and Spectacular Fall of a Serial Impostor

By Mark Seal

Illustrated. 323 pages. Viking. $26.95.

It sounds like the plot of a movie: ''Catch Me if You Can,'' the 2002
high-spirited Steven Spielberg thriller about a serial impostor named Frank
Abagnale Jr., who managed to pass himself off as an airline pilot, a doctor and
a lawyer, while making millions of dollars forging checks. Or maybe something
darker, like Alfred Hitchcock's 1943 classic, ''Shadow of a Doubt,'' about a man
wanted for murder who hides out with his sister's family in a quiet California
community where he charms the unsuspecting townsfolk.

In the real-life story recounted in the journalist Mark Seal's fascinating but
weirdly incomplete new book, ''The Man in the Rockefeller Suit,'' one Christian
Karl Gerhartsreiter arrives in America from Germany at 17 and over the years
assumes a succession of identities, eventually passing himself off as Clark
Rockefeller, ''reluctant scion of the family with the country's most famous
name.'' He finagles jobs with a succession of Wall Street firms; marries a woman
named Sandra Boss, who quickly ascends the corporate ladder at the management
consulting firm McKinsey & Company; and insinuates himself into the privileged
world of prep-school-and-Ivy-League-educated, upper-crust New York and Boston.

Mr. Seal, who interviewed almost 200 people for this book, fashions a brisk
narrative that has all the pace and drive of a suspense novel. He also adroitly
orchestrates two dovetailing plotlines that lead to the investigation and
exposure and arrest of this con man: one involving Mr. Gerhartsreiter's
pre-Rockefeller days in California, where he was linked to the strange
disappearance of a married couple (one of whom turns up dead); the second
dealing with his kidnapping of Reigh, nicknamed Snooks, his 7-year-old daughter
with Ms. Boss.

One of the problems with this book is that it never sheds much light on the
psychological reasons behind Mr. Gerhartsreiter's need to create fictional
personas for himself. Mr. Seal does little more than observe the obvious: that
the young man wanted to escape the suffocating little town in Germany where he
grew up. And aside from noting that Mr. Gerhartsreiter might have picked up some
tips from the film noir movies he loved to watch, Mr. Seal also fails to
illuminate the means by which he managed to pull off his elaborate scams.

How did he acquire a collection of fake paintings -- including copies of works
by Rothko, Barnett Newman, Robert Motherwell and Mondrian -- good enough to fool
an art dealer and a painter? How did he fool his wife for more than a dozen
years, using her money to buy a New Hampshire estate and 23 cars? How did he get
away with dispensing outrageous promises -- like a vow to buy his daughter's
school a planetarium -- when he almost never picked up a dinner check and his
wife didn't even know whether he had a bank account?

We are repeatedly told that the so-called Clark was charming and that women
found him attractive -- something clearly not demonstrated by the photographs in
this volume -- and that his lies were so big, so preposterous, that few people
thought to question them. Still, the reader has a hard time understanding how he
could hoodwink so many people for so many years. His conversational style --
which he seems to have learned by studying Thurston Howell III, the millionaire
character on ''Gilligan's Island'' -- is by most accounts absurdly studded with
the snooty anachronisms found in old ''tennis anyone?'' movies ( ''Oh, isn't
this grand!''). And his taste in clothes -- silk ascots, bow ties and trousers
embroidered with ducks -- sounds more like a parody of preppie wear than the
real thing.

What Mr. Gerhartsreiter clearly possesses is a pathological liar's novelistic
imagination. He concocted entire back stories for the characters he invented --
before Clark Rockefeller, there was Christopher Chichester XIII, a relative of
Sir Francis Chichester, the adventurer who had sailed around the world, and
Christopher Crowe, a Hollywood producer who claimed to be related to Lord
Mountbatten. And he embroidered his creations with a filigree of eccentric
detail that may or may not have been drawn from his own life. Chip Smith, for
instance, another invented personality, ate only white food; Clark never wore
socks and reportedly outfitted his New York apartment with lawn furniture.

Clark also claims to have grown up on Sutton Place, attended Yale at an absurdly
young age and owned a J-boat, a classic sailing yacht that belonged to his
grandparents. He tells one friend that this yacht was named True Love, and that
his family, in Mr. Seal's words, was ''miffed that the producers of the 1940
film 'The Philadelphia Story,' starring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn, had
lifted the name to use for the yacht in the film.''

He adds that he recently sold the boat to the singer Mariah Carey and Tommy
Mottola, then her husband, disdainfully laughing at the idea of their using it
as a pleasure boat because ''a J-boat is a racing boat and not a proper place to
host parties.''

One Clark friend defends him to Mr. Seal, arguing that ''in some ways one has to
see Clark as an archetypal immigrant, who constructs a new life and a new
persona, free of the constraints of the country he left behind.'' All Americans,
he adds, ''are our own inventions. That's part of the allure of this country.''

But as described by Mr. Seal in these pages, Clark Rockefeller is no Jay Gatsby
-- no romantic believer in the American Dream, no innocent in pursuit of a lost
love or some platonic conception of himself. Nor is he a Frank Abagnale Jr. in
''Catch Me if You Can,'' pulling off youthful pranks in the hopes of somehow
recapturing the familial security his larcenous father had lost.

No, Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter a k a Christopher Chichester a k a Chip Smith
a k a Clark Rockefeller is a pure and simple con man, who lied to his family and
friends, who repeatedly used and discarded people and carelessly moved on,
always in search of another mark, another credulous individual he could dupe
with his extravagant fictions.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: PHOTO (C1)
 Mark Seal (PHOTOGRAPH BY MARK SCHAFER)(C7)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 29, 2005, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' an uneven ride

BYLINE: Mike Clark

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 499 words

Is that thumb you use to finagle a ride going to point up or down when assessing
the big-screen version of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy? If a certain
spottiness makes this a tough call, the movie probably is on beam often enough
to keep Douglas Adams enthusiasts from wanting to blast its negative into outer
space.

This sounds like lukewarm praise -- and it is. But it's still saying something
because the book cannot have been the easiest material to finesse, despite its
successful history on BBC radio and later on TV (just out on DVD). A beloved
cult tome of cheeky asides whose frail storytelling charm lies in Adams'
writing, Galaxy also is that rare celestial saga that you sense will end more or
less happily even though it begins with the destruction of Earth.


Before this happens, hero-of-sorts Arthur Dent (Martin Freeman) is worried about
more piffling things -- like the imminent destruction of his home in rural
England to make way for a freeway. Less ruffled is Arthur's best friend (Mos
Def), who knows the whole planet is about to go up. And he has this inside info
because, well, he's an alien -- just the guy to whisk Arthur onto a spaceship
owned by Vogons, the race of super-uglies stupidly behind the ka-boom.

So what ensues? Well, there are more hair's-breadth escapes in this episodic
yarn and a love triangle of sorts. It involves Arthur, another displaced
earthling (Zooey Deschanel) and the galaxy's president, Zaphod Beeblebrox,
played by Sam Rockwell (doing his usual nut case, this time with two heads and
an extra hand).

There are also the Vogons themselves, impressively though yuckily designed by
Jim Henson's Creature Shop. They couldn't get a date with a hippo.

It's hard to escape the feeling that the movie is overstuffed sometimes, even
with goodies. It's tough to fault a funny android with the voice of Alan Rickman
-- sort of like what its Star Wars counterpoints would be were they in serious
need of analysis. And the animation sequences that illustrate the instructional
Guide itself are clever. Though the journey ends on some fun notes after a
sagging middle, Galaxy never fully breaks out.

The comparative acid tests are the past movies (and brand of humor) it brings to
mind. Most of the Monty Python pics are more consistent, and last year's still
under-valued Shaun of the Dead (in which Freeman had a role) outstrips this
effort in bona fide howls 10-1.

Yet every time you're about to give up on this movie, something verbally or
visually witty injects a new dose of fuel. Galaxy is finally good enough to keep
you rooting for it, but the mode of transport needs fresher points and plugs.



The Hitchhiker's Guide

to the Galaxy

**1/2 out of four

Stars: Martin Freeman, Mos Def, Sam Rockwell, Zooey Deschanel, Warwick Davis,
Bill Nighy

Director: Garth Jennings

Distributor: Touchstone

Rating: PG for thematic

elements, action and mild language

Opens today nationwide




LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 6, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

TENNIS;
Teen-Ager, Fighting to Turn Pro at 14, Puts Off Lawsuit for Now

BYLINE: By ROBIN FINN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 448 words


For a while it appeared Serena Williams, the younger sister of the phenom Venus,
was about to start her own tennis career this month with a real bang: by filing
an antitrust lawsuit against the women's tour because its age eligibility rules
prohibit her from turning professional at age 14 the way her famous sister did a
year ago.

It was originally Serena's mission to finagle herself a wild-card entry into the
$430,000 Bank of the West Classic starting Oct. 30 in Oakland, Calif. This is
the very event where the 327th-ranked Venus, who has a multimillion-dollar
contract with Reebok, made a two-round professional splash in 1994 and will play
her third and final event for 1995.

But Serena, who turned 14 last week, did so without enlisting the family's
attorney, Kevin Davis, to take up legal arms against Oakland or the WTA Tour.
According to Davis, Serena's decision not to sue for the right to play for pay
at 14 is only temporary and was reached at the behest of her parents.

"I begged her to wait eight months to a year before she makes her move," said
Richard Williams, the girls' father and president of their corporation, the
Fantastic Company.

"We will not ask for a wild card in Oakland," he confirmed yesterday from
Florida, "but if she does back off and wait, I think the WTA Tour should give
her a break next year."

Nothing doing, said Anne Worcester, head of the women's tour.

"There will be no exceptions made," said Worcester, who explained to Serena this
summer that the age-eligibility restrictions were made in order to protect young
players and promote longer, healthier careers.

The same "phase-in" rule that allowed Venus to turn pro last year at 14 permits
Serena to be treated like a 15-year-old this year, eligible to play four
International Tennis Federation "futures" events and four small-scale tour
events.

Serena, who has enrolled with Venus at a private school near their Palm Beach
Gardens home, has indicated no interest in competing at any level except the top
level.

Lopsided Pay Scale

The WTA Tour reacted with outrage yesterday to an Australian Open plan that
raises 1996 prize money to a record level of $9 million, but not at an equal
level for the men's and women's fields.

While each singles champion will receive $562,000, the total prize money for men
will increase by 17 percent while the total prize money for women will increase
by just 6 percent. Only the women's champion and runner-up are scheduled to
receive the 17 percent raise available to all male competitors.

"Australia has thrown gender equity out the window," said Worcester, who called
the proposed prize structure "completely unacceptable."


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              March 9, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Vancouver singer reaches finals; Tom Waits among stars who will be judging
spunky guitar-maker

BYLINE: Gerry Bellett, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 421  words


Vancouver singer-song-writer-actress and guitar-maker extraordinaire Meredith
Coloma has packed a lot of activities into her 21 years.

Chutzpah, that wonderful Yiddish noun that takes nerve to the borders of
effrontery, she appears to have in spades.

It has placed her among the 13 finalists of the International Songwriting
Competition - the winner to be decided in April in Nashville, Tenn. - and
allowed her to walk in off the street into a famous New York guitar-making
establishment and finagle a job.

Her passion for singing and guitar making began four years ago when she was
attending the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute, the famous acting school
that turned out the likes of Marlon Brando and Dustin Hoffman.

"On my way home I'd go by a guitar shop and the per-son there didn't speak much
English but he'd let me hang out and restring the guitars," Coloma said.

"Then one day he put a pamphlet on the counter advertising a guitar-building
school. It happened to be on Vancouver Island and, as I was from Vancouver, when
I came home I went there."

The school, Summit Guitar in Qualicum Beach, has a year-long program teaching
students how to build and repair guitars.

Coloma, a quick study, could stay only four months because she had to return to
New York. While there she saw that many of the musicians on the late-night shows
favoured guitars made in New York by Sad-owsky Guitars.

Taking an example of her handicraft, an acoustic art guitar, she walked into the
company workshop and confronted owner Roger Sadowsky.

"He just laughed in my face. Here's this 18-year-old kid walking into his shop
off the sidewalk with one of her guitars. But he seemed to like it, so just to
humour me he gave me a tour of the workshop.

"As we passed one desk I saw it was empty and I said 'Who works there?' and he
said 'oh, someone's just left' so I said 'good you've got room for me then?' and
he said 'Okay, I'll see you tomorrow.' " During her spell there she would make
guitars for Bruce Springsteen and Gilberto Gil.

Back in Vancouver these days she's concentrating on composing and singing, and
is working with guitar-maker Michael Dunn.

Some of her art guitars have been featured in international guitar-building
magazines.

Right now she's crossing her fingers that her recent recording Summer Days does
well in the Nashville competition, which will be judged by Tom Waits, Kelly
Clarkson and other celebrities.

"It'll be up to the judges. They'll be listening to the tracks and deciding. You
can only hope."

gbellett@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Bosch,  PNG; Meredith Coloma, 21, shows some of the guitars in
her collection.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    November 26, 1993, Friday, METRO EDITION

Phoenix presence adds pathos to film

BYLINE: by Craig MacInnis TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 743 words


   The Thing Called Love, Peter Bogdanovich's amiable slice of Nashville-verite,
is suffused with a sadness, after the fact.

It's not possible to watch this spunky and, to all appearances, realistic
account of struggling young country musicians in Nashville, without feeling an
ache for the loss of River Phoenix, who died last month of a drug overdose at
age 23.

Phoenix stars as James Wright, a lank-haired up-and-comer whose rootsy tunes and
easy manner attract the attention of another C & W wannabe, Miranda "No
Relation" Presley (Samantha Mathis).

Miranda, a lithe young dynamo with a steely glint in her eye and a guitar case
in the crook of her arm, has just moved to Tennessee from her native New York.

She finagles a try-out at the Bluebird Cafe, the modest strip-mall club where
careers are simultaneously launched and snuffed out with the simple stroke of a
pencil.

The Bluebird is a real place and the film treats it that way, letting the
characters mingle and croon and go about their workaday business.

To anyone in love with music, it feels good to be in here, just watching and
hanging out, peripheral spectators to a hallowed tradition.

The great country singer, K.T. Oslin, makes her motion-picture debut as Lucy,
the stern club manager who presides over the "open-mike" nights, choosing the
talent and deciding which of the hopefuls will qualify for future bookings.

Oslin, it turns out, is a natural. Her assured performance here as the brusque
but soft-hearted den mother to Nashville's neophytes, is one of the great little
turns in recent cinema.

She surprises you with her emotional simplicity and directness, just as her best
songs ("Younger Men," "I'll Always Come Back") have always done.

The whole picture is like that - a tad sentimental and a little drawn out, but
never cloying or false.

Bogdanovich, who can still tell a story better than nearly any American
director, has kept his sights low for this study of love, heartbreak and hope.

Eighteen years ago, Robert Altman invaded Nashville with a different plan. His
film, named after the country music capital, was intended as a crazy-quilt of
the American ethos, a satiric patchwork of corruption, celebrity and cornpone
values.

Working from a script by newcomer Carol Heikkinen, Bogdanovich merely wants to
engage us with a good old-fashioned tale, politics be damned.

The story revolves around a triangular love affair that develops between James,
Miranda and Kyle, another cowboy-hatted hopeful played by Dermot Mulroney, who
might just be the most underrated actor working in Hollywood these days.

Mulroney has a stoic, he-man's countenance. In some ways, his laconic manner and
mournful features suggest the screen stars of a different era. He would have fit
in with Bogey and other guys who can turn a simple phrase into something
resonant.

Much of the dialogue has a tricky musician's lilt to it. It goes by fast,
leaving a trace of humor in its wake.

"You play a mean cello," Miranda tells Kyle, after one of the Bluebird sessions.

"Thanks," says Kyle. "It's just a big mandolin, really."

Kyle and Miranda would probably fall in love, if it weren't for James, who has
something that neither of the other two can boast.

He's a natural musician, and Miranda can't help being drawn to him, despite his
apparent aimlessness.

Phoenix's performance - wiry, intense, sly - is at the heart of The Thing Called
Love.

His lopsided grin and syncopated intensity define the elusive spirit of country
music, and he's interesting to watch both on and off the stage.

Something in his manner - perhaps the way he can focus on a song without losing
himself in it - reminded me of a younger Rodney Crowell.

In one magnificently kitschy scene, he and Amanda hie off for Memphis to visit
Graceland but end up getting married instead.

They tie the knot in an all-night supermarket, exchanging vows amid the
cheeze-its and Wonderbread with a black pentacostal preacher officiating.

In a way, it's a scene that summarizes everything about the lifestyle, from the
late nights to the junk food to the love that obviously underpins it all.

The Thing Called Love is a great little film - and a sad valedictory from one of
Hollywood's youngest lions.

The Thing Called Love PG

Directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring River Phoenix, Samantha Mathis and
Dermot Mulroney. At the Bloor Cinema (506 Bloor St. W., 532-6677).

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color photo (p.B1) RIVER PHOENIX filmed his last movie, The Thing
Called Love, before he died of a drug overdose.

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

YES, I'M GLAD I BUSTED MY CHEATIN' MAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 449 words


IN APRIL, mom-of-two Jennifer, 35, of New York City started to suspect her
attorney husband, John, 39, was having an affair. Here, she tells The News' Jane
Ridley how she finally hired Dawn Ricci, director of New Jersey-based All State
Investigations Inc., and just last week proved her hunch was correct:

"John and I have been married for 10 years, but his behavior began to change
around six months ago. He was working longer hours and seemed more distant. . .
.

"I contacted his cell phone company and managed to finagle my way into having
them fax me a copy of his bill with a breakdown of the calls. One particular
cell number frequently came up, usually after hours and at the weekend.

"I called the number and one of John's female co-workers answered. I hung up
immediately. I'd met her once or twice at my husband's office. She was younger
and worked in a subordinate position. It was the worst feeling in the world.

"There was no point confronting John at that point because he would just have
denied it. . . .

"I needed proof. So earlier this month, I went online and found Dawn's agency.
It was good to deal with a woman because she seemed a lot more sympathetic than
a man.

"I sent across John's photograph and information. Two investigators tailed him
from his office and, though they spotted him with the co-worker, nothing was
conclusive.

"A few nights later, John called to say he was staying in Manhattan because he
was working late. This time they got pictures of him going into a bar with the
woman. They held hands when they left.

"Next they headed uptown and booked into the Marriott Hotel. The images were
dark and grainy, but it was obvious what was happening.

"Dawn telephoned that night and e-mailed a clip of the video. It brought a sick
feeling to my stomach, but the period of questioning when something isn't proven
is far worse than the moment of truth. I felt both anger and relief that my
questions had been answered.

"I made sure the kids were out of the house the following evening. Then, when
John came home from work, I showed him a printout of the clip. He was shocked.
He began apologizing, saying he didn't know what was wrong with him and begging
for forgiveness.

"It only happened last week, and I am not sure yet what I am going to do. John
is staying at his mother's house. If we are going to have a future, either he or
that woman will have to secure another job with a different law firm.

"I'm absolutely certain I did the right thing by hiring a PI, even though it
cost $4,000. I couldn't care less what my husband thinks. Who knows how long it
might have gone on if I hadn't found out?"

Names have been changed to protect their identities.

jridley@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              June 30, 2008 Monday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Weagle finagles win in blowout

BYLINE: Jim Wilson, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


It must be something about Stirrup Sunday.

Worcester got a strong start from Matt Weagle, wearing the usual throwback
stirrup socks the Tornadoes starters favor on Sundays, and the offense exploded
for 19 hits as Worcester turned back Quebec, 15-6, in front of 1,577 fans at
Hanover Insurance Park.

Weagle went seven innings and allowed eight hits and four runs while striking
out a career-high eight batters. He threw 106 pitches, 70 for strikes.

"I was keeping the ball down more and I was throwing a lot of changeups," Weagle
said. "I was working the bottom half of the zone."

It was a sign that Weagle was back on the upswing. After a hot start in which he
won his first four games, Weagle had stumbled in his prior three, allowing 20
runs (11 earned) on 27 hits in his last 14 innings of work.

"It was just one of those things I had to make adjustments on," Weagle said. "I
had been going away from what I needed to do at the beginning of the year, but
me and (catcher Alex) Trezza worked it out. I made some good pitches and it was
nice to get the win today."

Weagle (6-2) benefited from Worcester putting up 15 runs on a season-high 19
hits, just shy of the franchise record 21 hits, set on July 16, 2005 in a 14-7
win over Elmira. Six Tornadoes had multiple hits yesterday and all but one
starter recorded a hit. Omar Pena led the way with four hits, while Francisco
Caraballo finished a triple short of the cycle and drove in four runs. B.J. Weed
and Trezza also had three hits for the Tornadoes, while Scott Grimes and Chris
Colabello each had two. Worcester knocked around a season-high eight extra-base
hits, including three home runs.

"They've been swinging the bats well and they got a lot of runs early," Weagle
said. "That helps a lot."

Caraballo gave Worcester a 1-0 lead in the first inning with a single that
scored Weed, but Quebec took a 2-1 advantage in the second with a two-run homer
by Greg Stevens. It was just the third home run of the season allowed by Weagle,
all coming in his last three starts.

The Tornadoes broke it open in the second after Pena led off with a single. Two
outs later, Weed reached on a perfect bunt single to second. Grimes cleared the
bases with his league-leading eighth home run of the year, a line drive shot
over the fence in left-center to make it 4-2.

Colabello narrowly missed going back-to-back when his line drive was inches away
from clearing the fence in nearly the same spot. He settled for a double before
Caraballo bombed his seventh home run of the year down the left field line to
make it 6-2.

"Right now the confidence level is pretty good," Caraballo said. "We just have
to keep playing hard and those wins will come."

After Quebec cut the lead to two in the fifth with a two-run homer by Patrick
Deschenes, Worcester answered in the bottom of the fifth. Mike MacMillian made
it 7-4 with an RBI double to left, and Weed added a two-run single to center to
make it 9-4.

The Tornadoes added another pair in the sixth on Trezza's sixth home run of the
year, a two-run shot to straightaway center.

Worcester kept rolling with a two-out rally in the seventh, as Caraballo drove
in a run with a double off the wall in left and Trezza followed with a two-RBI
single to center to make it 14-4. Pena followed with his fourth hit of the day,
a lazy single into left-center to make it 15-4.

Caraballo and Trezza each drove in four runs for Worcester, while Caraballo was
6 for 14 in the series and has shown the form that earned him Can-Am League
Player of the Week honors the first week of the season.

"I've been working on my pitch selection lately because I haven't seen many good
pitches to hit," Caraballo said. "It was a little frustrating and I was swinging
at everything so now I have been looking for a good pitch to hit."

Caraballo said it was nice to see things turn around for Worcester, especially
against the Capitales, with whom they are tied for first place in the Can-Am
League.

"We've been through a rough week with some close games, but we needed to get on
a roll and try to play things out," Caraballo said. "(Quebec) was the most
important series of the week and we took two games. Now we have to keep playing
and see if we can get ahead the rest of the first half."

With a three-game series in New Jersey starting tonight, the Tornadoes are
hoping to avenge last week's sweep and put some distance between themselves and
the rest of the pack.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
The Tornadoes' B.J. Weed slides in safely with a steal of third base, ahead of
the throw to Quebec's Patrick Deschenes.
T&G Staff/JIM COLLINS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 23, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Officials finagle traffic-flow fix

BYLINE: Duane D. Stanford; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 01R

LENGTH: 429 words


How sweet it is, coasting over I-20 on the new Parker Road bridge, avoiding the
congestion on Ga. 138 as you make your way south from work each afternoon. And
then, halt!

The traffic comes to a near standstill at Flat Shoals Road as motorists wait
their turn at a four-way stop sign. During rush hour, the cars headed south on
Parker Road can stack up 20 to 30 deep by 5:30 p.m.

The delay is only minutes, but it can be annoying for impatient motorists ready
to get home to their families or a hot meal.

Relax. Help is on the way. County commissioners have put together an emergency
plan to install a traffic light at the intersection by the end of November. Mike
Connor, project manager for the county's sales tax program, said the temporary
signal won't end all of the problems at the intersection, but it will ease
congestion until the state widens Parker Road south of the new bridge.

Since the bridge opened in August, drivers have started complaining to county
officials about the four-way stop, said county spokeswoman Julie Mills.

During a recent speech to the Rotary Club by Commission Chairman Randy Poynter,
an audience member was quick to note that the bridge is great until drivers
reach Flat Shoals Road.

Traffic on Parker Road is increasing, too. State highway officials estimate
5,000 vehicles will use the bridge daily, once people get used to it being
there. In addition, the four-lane Parker Road feeds south into two lanes
starting at Davis Road. The problem is evident. Unfortunately for Rockdale
motorists, the Georgia Department of Transportation isn't scheduled to begin
widening the rest of Parker Road to Flat Shoals Road until 1999.

"We can't wait that long for a light," Connor said. "We've done a little magic."

Poynter and the commissioners have decided to spend $ 22,500 to put up a
temporary light, according to Connor. To avoid the three-month delay in getting
the signal and control box, public service workers refurbished an old box and
gathered spare traffic lights that had been replaced with newer ones at another
project site. That work cost about $ 2,500, Connor said.

The DOT will replace the equipment with a new signal and box when it widens
Parker Road. Connor said the county is trying to persuade the state to start the
project sooner.

Meanwhile, engineers will monitor the Flat Shoals intersection and its temporary
light to see whether any other changes are needed to improve the flow. They
expect some delays as southbound motorists on Parker Road wait to make a left
turn onto Flat Shoals Road.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: Parker Road turns into a parking road as motorist wait their
turn
 to cross Flat Shoals Road at a four-way stop. / STEVE DEAL / Staff
 Map: NEW TRAFFIC LIGHT
 Rockdale County hopes to install a light at Parker Road and Flat Shoals
 Road ahead of schedule because motorists using the new Parker Road bridge
 have complained about backups at the intersection. Map shows Parker Road
 bridge and location of planned traffic signal. Inlaid map highlights area
 shown. / STAFF

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 17, 1993, Friday

King finagles Voting Rights Act

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 14

LENGTH: 218 words


For most of the 1950s and early '60s, blacks struggled just to get a foot in the
voting booth. Today, it looks like they will decide when the booth will open.

At the urging of Commissioner Martin Luther King III, the Fulton County
Elections Board appears certain to schedule county elections to coincide with
Atlanta's - Nov. 2. That will inevitably motivate more blacks to vote in Fulton
races, giving King III a leg up in his bid to be County Commission chairman.

Of course, the idea of saving taxpayers $ 500,000 by holding both elections
simultaneously appears dandy on the surface. But when it circumvents the 1965
Voting Rights Act, which requires a 60-day window prior to an election, we must
frown.

Ironically, the Voting Rights Act was pushed by King's father and was crafted to
give minorities a chance to put their name before voters. Today, it would have
given a white Republican, Mitch Skandalakis, a sufficient period to campaign for
the chairman's seat.

In that sense, a King has achieved what whites have done for decades: used
political clout to manipulate the system to keep themselves in power.

We hope the Clinton Justice Department, which must approve the date change, will
see the elder King's wisdom in campaigning for fairness at the polls - no matter
whose son benefits.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932650207

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 11, 1990, Sunday, City Edition

GOP begins the healing process

BYLINE: CHARLOTTE SUTTON; LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; ANALYSIS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 940 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



After losing the governor's mansion, a good chance for a majority in the state
Senate, two seats in the House and decent odds for a majority on the Cabinet,
Florida's Republican faithful are 0-4 and looking at a tough time in training
camp.

    Compounding the Republican players' misery is the impact all those losses
are likely to have on their chances in the next year's big game reapportionment.


    So it's no surprise that Republicans are scrambling for position.

    Party leaders agree their brightest hope is the edge they've held for years
in attracting new Florida voters to register as Republicans.  The Republicans
have 2.4-million of the state's registered voters, compared with 3.1-million for
the Democrats. In 1964, the Republicans had just 458,000 registered voters, and
the Democrats had 2-million.

     That trend, Republicans hope, will save them severe damage when the
Democratic-controlled Legislature carves up the state into new legislative and
congressional districts.

    "They can't gerrymander us out," said Jeanie Austin, co-chairwoman of the
Republican National Committee and former Florida executive committee chairwoman.
"They can do a little damage, but not like they could have 10 years ago."

     With both parties armed with new, highly sophisticated computers and
software with which to finagle the district lines, strategizing is likely to be
more interesting than ever before. Stan Smith, spokesman for the Florida
Republican Party, said that if Republicans have to cry foul at the Democrats'
line-drawing, computer analysis will help them make a stronger case for
fairness.

     The Republicans can go to court if they think Democrats did them wrong. But
considering the glacial pace of the federal courts, that may not be much of a
threat.

     Although Florida Democrats are seeing last week's elections as the dawn of
a new age for them, Republicans are adopting a stiff upper lip and insisting the
damage is temporary.

    Tuesday was "a setback for Republicans, but there is no doubt Florida will
have a Republican majority. The momentum will be slowed, but it is inevitable,"
said Secretary of State Jim Smith, whose name often is mentioned as a candidate
for governor.

    Former state party chief Tommy Thomas, despite his fervent support for
Chiles, says that 1990's crossover votes were a one-time-only phenomenon.

    "I'm not taking anything away from Chiles' win," said Thomas, who made a TV
commercial in support of Chiles. "But a lot of Republicans were voting against
Martinez, not for Chiles."

    Much thought already is being given to the search for future Republican
candidates.

    In 1992, U.S. Sen. Bob Graham, one of the most popular Democrats in the
state, faces re-election. The Republican name that constantly comes up as an
opponent is U.S. Rep. Bill McCollum from the Orlando area. McCollum, a 10-year
House veteran who considered running for governor in 1986, and nearly jumped
into the 1988 contest for Lawton Chiles' old Senate seat, has said that he has
been urged to run in 1992, but hasn't made up his mind.

    Some Republicans speak longingly of a Jeb Bush candidacy. Bush, son of the
president and chairman of Gov. Bob Martinez's re-election effort, was said to be
on the short list of lieutenant governor candidates. But other Republicans say
Bush wants to remain in business in Miami for a while.

    For 1994's gubernatorial election, the Republican names being bandied about
are those of Smith and Treasurer Tom Gallagher, both of whom were defeated in
the 1986 gubernatorial primaries.

    Back then, Smith was a Democrat and two-term attorney general.  His refusal
to support the winner of that primary, Steve Pajcic, is considered one of the
factors that won Martinez the general election. Martinez rewarded Smith by
making him his chief of staff; soon after, Smith switched parties. Some
political observers say that switch will hurt him; Jeanie Austin insists it
won't.

    Gallagher, who served in the state House for 12 years, has been a loyal
Republican all along. But some Republicans, such as Thomas, think he might be
handicapped by being single..

    Both men, who were re-elected to the Cabinet by comfortable margins Tuesday,
say that for now, they intend to concentrate on their current jobs.

    It could be interesting to see what having two governor-wannabes on the
Cabinet does to that body's business.

    "I hope we have enough sense to do our jobs and leave each other alone,"
Smith said of himself and Gallagher. "If both of us end up in a primary, we
would be better off."

    "I guess everybody will watch the dynamics," Gallagher said. "But I don't
think it will change the Cabinet."

    Gallagher and Smith aren't the only Cabinet members considered to have
higher aspirations Education Commissioner Betty Castor and Attorney General Bob
Butterworth, both Democrats, each have been talked about as governor material.

    But the size of the Democratic field in 1994 is said to depend on whether
Gov.-elect Lawton Chiles seeks re-election, and if not, how strong a candidate
Lieutenant Gov.-elect Buddy MacKay shapes up to be.

    The Republicans hope the coming economic hard times make the Democrats look
bad; the Democrats, of course, are optimistic they'll come up shining.
 Times staff writer Lucy Morgan contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 26, 1983, Monday, Final Edition

First Robber Baron Made Scrooge Look Sweet

BYLINE: By Jerry Knight, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Washington Business; Monday Morning; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 913 words


Move over, Scrooge, this is a story about a boss meaner than you.

It is a tale of a businessman so bilious that he put a curse on an entire town,
where for a hundred years they cursed him back and vowed comeuppance.

It is about a railroad builder so rapacious that the sobriquet "robber baron"
was coined to describe him and his cohorts.

But it is a proper Christmas story, with a little boy who loved his
great-great-grandfather (no matter what people said about him) and--as the
season requires--it has a happy ending. It even has a Washington business
connection.

But that's getting ahead of the story.

The tale begins 100 years ago in Jefferson, Tex., a town of 2,800 about three
hours east of Dallas.

Legend has it that in 1882, the Texas & Pacific Railroad was coming to those
parts and the city fathers of Jefferson fell into a fight with none other than
Jay Gould, railroad builder and robber baron par excellence.

Capitalists were a crude lot in the 1880s but few could finagle in the class
with Jay Gould. "None of his contemporaries quite approached his genius for
trickery and thimble-rigging, his boldness in corruption and subornation, his
talent for strategic betrayal, his mastery over stock and bond rigging, his
daring in looting a company and defrauding stockholders," one biographer wrote.

This bad dude wanted to run his railroad through Jefferson, so the story goes,
but the town folk refused to cooperate.

Gould responded, so the story goes, by laying a curse on the community, a
dastardly diatribe that became a battle cry for a century of Jeffersonians.

"Grass will grow in your streets and bats will roost in your belfries," vowed
Gould, who must have been one of the first executives to hire himself a
speechwriter.

The guest register from the old Excelsior Hotel in Jefferson is signed with a
drawing of a jaybird in place of a first name and at the bottom of the page for
Jan. 2, 1882, is written with great flourish "End of Jefferson."

Jefferson did not exactly defy Jay Gould's curse. By all accounts, the place has
never amounted to much. But neither did the town die. Every time extinction
seemed imminent or dry rot began to set in, the townspeople rallied round the
curse.

"Grass will never grow in our streets," the Texans shouted in the days before
cries of "Hook 'em, Horns" and "Scalp the Redskins" echoed across the cotton
country.

If the town never forgave Jay Gould, it certainly developed a certain affection
for his curse. Johnstown, Pa., had its flood; Salem, Mass., its witches and
Jefferson, Tex., the cherished Curse of Jay Gould.

Years ago, Jefferson bought Jay Gould's former private railroad car and turned
it into a mini-museum that became a focal point of the restoration of the town's
Victorian homes. Earlier this month, Jefferson held a fancy Christmas
celebration and dedicated a new historical monument with a round of parties, a
play and a candlelight tour. As a special guest, they invited Jay Gould's
great-great-grandson, Tony Gould, a vice president for commercial real estate of
Shannon & Luchs.

Tony Gould admits he'd never heard of Jefferson, Tex., or great-great
granddaddy's curse until a short while ago. But Jefferson had heard of him
through the sort of fortuitous coincidences that seem born of the Christmas
season. It seems Gould is working on a new office project at 1001 Pennsylvania
Ave. NW that's being built by Cadillac-Fairview real estate and financed by
First Chicago Corp. through its Dallas office. Someone in Jefferson knew someone
in Dallas who knew this fellow in Washington who was the great-great-grandson of
. . . well, you understand.

If he didn't know Jefferson, Gould did know his family history, and not even the
cousins who keep track of such things had heard of the curse of Jefferson.

Tony Gould had been defending the patriarch since prep school when he penned an
essay pointing out that the old man was not much different from other magnates
of the era, but got a bad rap from the press. "Jay Gould was a taciturn man, not
a public person," says Tony. "The Rockefellers are remembered as
philanthropists, Jay Gould as a robber baron."

The return of Jay Gould's offspring helped lay to rest the curse of Jefferson,
but it was a local historian who shot down the legend once and for all.

Fred Tarpley turned up the fact that the Texas & Pacific arrived in Jefferson in
1873. That was nine years before the curse was supposedly uttered and six years
before Jay Gould bought the railroad. Scratch one legend.

The jaybird drawn on the hotel desk book probably isn't authentic either. "My
great-great-grandfather was certainly not a frivolous person," said Tony. "He
wouldn't sign his name with a bird, for God's sake."

Not only that, but Jay Gould rarely stayed in hotels. Like all proper railroad
moguls, he traveled in his private railroad car, living and working in the
varnished Pullman car that now stands in Jefferson.

Even the story of the Texas and Pacific bypassing the town turns out to be a
little exaggerated, even by the standards of tall Texas tales. The train tracks
are within half a mile of Jefferson's main street, and have been for a hundred
years.

None of these revelations is likely to make the folks of Jefferson forget the
curse of Jay Gould. We all have things we cling to, even when we know there is
no Santa Claus.

So Merry Christmas, Jefferson, Tex. Merry Christmas, Tony Gould. And Merry
Christmas, Jay--wherever you are.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       June 4, 1989, Sunday, City Edition

Truth as romantic as fiction

BYLINE: ALIDA BECKER

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; PAPERBACK GUIDE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 1175 words



The merest outline of Libby Beaman's life is enough to give a romance novelist
itchy fingers. Born to an influential Washington  family (President Lincoln
referred to her fondly as "my daughter"),  she was both a stylish socialite and
an instinctive feminist. After  becoming the first female student at the
Corcoran School of Art, she spent the Civil War years crossing enemy lines to
nurse Union soldiers at a prison camp in northern Virginia - where she fell in
love with John Warren Beaman, a handsome New Englander whom   she determined to
marry.

       This took 10 years to accomplish. After all, it was an era when  well
brought up young ladies didn't just meet young men, so Libby had to convince
John to take a degree in civil engineering, then covertly finagle him a job in
her father's cartography office, where she also contrived to find a place.
Following an "accidental" meeting, they played out the rest of the charade and
the desired results were achieved. But soon there was another crisis: a tight
budget led to the elimination of the Geodetical Survey Office, where John Beaman
was working. Undaunted, Libby sneaked off for a secret appointment with
President Rutherford B. Hayes, who managed to find her husband an assignment in
a remote Bering Sea outpost known as the Pribilof Islands, part of the Alaskan
holdings purchased in 1867 from the Russian czar. Then Libby stunned everyone by
announcing that she would be going along.

        LIBBY: The Alaskan Diaries and Letters of Libby Beaman, 1879-1880
(Houghton Mifflin, $ 8.95) is a fascinating record of what she found there - and
what, in the harshness of that place and time, she found out about her own
character and her husband's. Pieced together by Libby's granddaughter, Betty
John, Libby's story could easily be transformed into flamboyant historical
fiction. But in its present fragmentary state it's far more interesting, full of
subtle hints and fleetingly sketched notions that readers can explore in the
fullness of their own imaginations.

       Libby Beaman, as the first non-native American woman to live among the
Aleuts who tended the seal rookeries, was both an object of curiosity and a
curious observer, both a welcome agent of change and a possibly dangerous
addition to the isolated community of American men who were left alone there for
months on end. Libby's account of her love-hate relationship with her husband's
superior officer (which reaches a crescendo during a violent storm on a barren
plain) fairly crackles with the tension of their repressed emotions - and casts
her wildly jealous husband in a less than heroic light. And her descriptions of
the supporting players in this domestic drama, while less highly charged, have a
wonderful variety and vividness. Their stories are set against a richly depicted
background, allowing us to see the customs of the villagers, the beauty of the
landscape, the activities of the huge colonies of seals.  And, as the summer
draws on, we also watch the horror of the yearly slaughter when the herds are
culled to keep the population in balance - and stock the government coffers with
furs.

       In her letters home, Libby Beaman writes charmingly of weddings and
picnics, refers obliquely to bad weather and diminishing food supplies in
winter. But in her diaries she allows herself to conjure with ideas that cannot
be expressed elsewhere; whether it is right to try to turn the Aleuts into
proper English-speaking Americans; whether the bestiality of the seal killing
will have a lasting effect on those who must participate in it; whether she can
effect a truce of sorts between the difficult man whom she has come to respect
and the difficult man to whom she is married. Only here, in these private pages,
will she confess that "I do not know how to weep in words."



 Also new in paperback:

       The Yellow Wind by David Grossman. Translated by Haim Watzman. (Delta, $
8.95). When the Israeli novelist first published this searing portrait of life
among the Palestinians of the occupied West Bank, the book caused an uproar in
his native country. As Grossman explains in a new introduction to this paperback
edition, his function as a writer is "to put a finger on the wound, to write
anew, in a language the reader has not yet learned to insulate himself against .
. . to shatter stereotypes that make it easy not to deal with the problems." In
this he has certainly succeeded.

        The New Confessions by William Boyd (Penguin, $ 8.95). The award-winning
British writer's latest novel is a densely populated, elegantly entertaining
epic, the "autobiography" of an aging Scottish film director whose reminiscences
take readers through the high - and the many low - points of life in 20th
century Europe and America.

       The True Gen by Denis Brian (Delta, $ 10.95). As its subtitle proclaims,
Brian's book is "an intimate portrait of Hemingway by those who knew him," a
biography in which the recollections of dozens of friends, enemies and
acquaintances (as well as biographers, both friendly and otherwise) are spliced
together to form a dialogue that tracks the great writer's career.

       The Beginner's Book of Dreams by Elizabeth Benedict (Bantam, $ 8.95).
Benedict's second novel (her first was the much acclaimed Slow Dancing) is a
dexterous, bittersweet tale of the adolescence of a young girl named Esme
Singer, a New Yorker whose view of looming adulthood is hardly made clearer by
the antics of her flamboyant parents.

       Round Ireland in Low Gear by Eric Newby (Penguin, $ 8.95). In December
1985, Eric Newby and his wife set out for several months of bicycle touring in
Ireland. The result, as admirers of his many previous travels books will
predict, is an appealing pastiche of history and mythology, encounters with
marvelous people and places and witty descriptions of the problems that arise on
any extended journey.

       Elephant Memories by Cynthia Moss (Fawcett, $ 10.95).  "Watching
elephants," writes Moss, "is like reading an engrossing, convoluted novel that I
cannot put down but I also do not want to end." Her book, which charts the life
of an extended family of the great animals that she has studied for 13 years in
Kenya's Amboseli National Park, has exactly that same quality.

       Not That Sort of Girl by Mary Wesley (Penguin, $ 6.95). Wesley's novels
are perfect for those who like comedies of manners that have a distinctly
British bite. Her latest is the tale of a dutiful wife, perceived by family and
friends as "not the sort of girl" ever to stray from her very suitable husband,
who somehow manages to conduct a passionate affair with another man for the
entire 50 years of her marriage.

     - Alida Becker is the winner of the National Book Critics Circle's  first
Citation for Excellence in Reviewing. She lives in Philadelphia.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 31, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

HOW DID HE FINAGLE THAT?;

BYLINE: Chuck Barney Contra Costa Times<P>

SECTION: D; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 382 words


It's been a busy year for funny guy <b>Andy Samberg</b>.

In May, the viral video sensation completed his sixth season on "Saturday Night
Live." Then he and his fellow Lonely Island jokers, <b>Akiva Schaffer</b> and
<b>Jorma Taccone</b>, released their second comedy rap album, "Turtleneck and
Chain."

He's been seen on the big screen in "Friends With Benefits," opposite <b>Justin
Timberlake</b> and <b>Mila Kunis</b>, and appears in the upcoming "What's Your
Number?" with <b>Anna Faris</b>.

And beginning today, Samberg will host Discovery Channel's popular Shark Week
celebration. More specifically, he'll serve as what the network calls its Chief
Shark Officer (CSO).

"Everyone loves Shark Week," Samberg says. "It's the <b>Bill Cosby</b> of
weeklong television blocks dedicated to sea animals."

As CSO, Samberg will have his own special ("Shark City," 9 p.m. Thursday) and
appear in a series of promo spots shot in the Bahamas, where he actually swam
among the toothy creatures.

<b>Q.</b> So, do any special perks come with the role of CSO?

<b>A.</b> I did get to fly for free to the Bahamas, but once I got there, I swam
with some sharks, which kind of cancels the other out. Really, though, it's just
a thrilling adventure being the face of Shark Week, aka the American dream.

<b>Q.</b> Were you worried about becoming human chum?

<b>A.</b> They were reef sharks, which tend to be relatively mellow. Still,
there was part of me that wondered if our (film) crew had ever heard of
Photoshop. Like, aren't we living in an era where we don't really have to do
this? Can't we just fake it?

<b>Q.</b> Do you think your role as Shark Week CSO will lead to future career
opportunities?

<b>A.</b> I don't know about that, but I expect to get free tickets and food for
life at every San Jose Sharks game.

<b>THE BIRTHDAY BUNCH</b>

Singer <b>Gary Lewis</b> (Gary Lewis and the Playboys) is 66. Singer <b>Bob
Welch</b> is 65. Actor <b>Michael Biehn</b> is 55. Actor <b>Wesley Snipes</b> is
49. Country singer <b>Chad Brock</b> is 48. Author <b>J.K. Rowling</b> ("Harry
Potter") is 46. Actor <b>Dean Cain</b> is 45. Country singer <b>Zac Brown</b> is
33. Actor <b>B.J. Novak</b> ("The Office") is 32. Actor <b>Rico Rodriguez</b>
("Modern Family") is 13.

<b>TYPE:</b> Column, Question & Answer: People

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        OCTOBER 1, 2000 Sunday D EDITION

WILL MILOSEVIC FINAGLE A VICTORY DESPITE DEFEAT? YUGOSLAV VOTERS CHOSE VOJISLAV
KOSTUNICA. THE WORRY IS THAT IT MIGHT NOT MATTER.

BYLINE: Jeffrey Fleishman, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EDITORIAL SUNDAY REVIEW; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1257 words

DATELINE: GRACANICA, Yugoslavia


One year ago, Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was recovering from 78 days
of NATO bombing, riot police were beating protesters in the streets, and
Vojislav Kostunica was a respected but minor opposition figure, unaware of
events about to change his life and jolt his nation.

Today, Kostunica's face is emblazoned on posters and billboards. Uncharismatic
and unassuming, he has ignited the passion of a country. He is the greatest
threat the ruling regime has ever encountered. But the question here is: Can he
actually topple Milosevic, an unpredictable leader who has repeatedly outwitted
the West and ravaged his own country to stay in power?

Kostunica received more votes than Milosevic in last week's presidential
elections. But Milosevic has been accused by the international community of
stealing enough votes to deny Kostunica a clear majority. The Yugoslav president
- losing in the first round by 10 percentage points - has called a runoff for
next Sunday. Kostunica rejected a runoff and has demanded a recount.

The next seven days will be dangerous political theater. The opposition is
calling for sit-ins, general strikes and civil disobedience. Riot police are on
alert. Milosevic is hunkered down with his generals and advisers. The streets
are littered with bumper stickers that read Gotov je, or "He's finished."

"It seems like the psychological divide has been crossed," said Louis D. Sell, a
former U.S. ambassador in the Balkans and now a director with the International
Crisis Group. "They aren't afraid of him anymore."

The international community senses for the first time in a decade that
Milosevic's regime may crumble. Western nations see an opportunity to convince
Serbs that economic sanctions can be lifted and Yugoslavia will find entry into
Europe if Milosevic steps down. But it has been increasingly evident in recent
days that Kostunica's rise was an unexpected windfall to a West that rarely
understands the sentiments shaping Yugoslav politics.

Serbs are talking with fervor about a post-Milosevic era. This is viewed by many
as premature. The Yugoslav president's resolve to stay in power is relentless.
And troubling questions about Yugoslavia's future - such as Kosovo and turning
Milosevic over to the War Crimes Tribunal - are being kept in the background as
the West awaits Kostunica's fate.

Even Milosevic's keen political instinct misread Kostunica's massive appeal. The
Yugoslav leader has condemned Kostunica and other opposition leaders as traitors
and puppets of the West. But Kostunica's strong showing - the opposition claims
he won 52 percent of the vote to Milosevic's 32 percent - has suddenly
legitimized the political parties Milosevic has beaten and ridiculed.

* Kostunica was not on Milosevic's radar one year ago.

The Yugoslav leader had just crushed street demonstrations and Milosevic had
again defeated an opposition weakened by big egos and bickering. Opposition
leaders regrouped and began running opinion polls in search of a unifying force.
They found Kostunica, a constitutional lawyer and a strong nationalist whose
vision was to honor Serb patriotism while leading Yugoslavia out of 10 years of
isolation.

Unlike opposition leaders Zoran Djindjic and Vuk Draskovic, Kostunica possessed
no air of corruptibility. Draskovic's reputation was spoiled by his acceptance
in 1999 of a post in Milosevic's regime. Djindjic offended Serbian pride when he
fled to Montenegro during NATO bombing. Kostunica was considered more of a
bookworm, a "19th-century intellectual," according to one opposition member. "He
is a true democrat, an honest man, a decent man."

As Kostunica was being groomed by the opposition, Milosevic decided to take a
gamble. He announced last July that local, federal and presidential elections
would be held a year early. Milosevic's reasoning, according to Western
officials, was that with control of the media, army and police he could defeat a
splintered opposition led by Draskovic and Djindjic.

The opposition pushed a reluctant Kostunica to run in early August, and he soon
drew large crowds. He called for economic reform and an end to Milosevic's
tyranny. The Yugoslav leader found it difficult to rally Serbian nationalism
against Kostunica, who supported the Bosnian war, referred to NATO as
"criminal," and was pictured in 1998 holding a Kalashnikov rifle and supporting
the war in Kosovo.

"Kostunica was really the best candidate, the only one who could win,"
opposition leader Vesna Pesic said, adding that, "Kostunica was astonished by
what was going on and he thought he was going to win."

* The international community and millions of Serbs claim Kostunica did win but
Milosevic stole the victory though widespread fraud.

A master at brinkmanship whose sole vision is staying in power, Milosevic is now
a "cornered animal," according to one Western official. More that 200,000 people
have protested against him in the streets. More demonstrations are planned.
There are indications that Milosevic's ruling circle may be splitting and that
the army and police - his keys to power - are pondering their loyalty.

The capital of Belgrade is swirling with rumors that Milosevic will flee to
Russia.

Children at an elementary school in Nis chanted: "Slobo, kill yourself." And
there have been countless references to the fate of Nicolae Ceausescu, the
Romanian president who was executed by a mob after communism collapsed there in
1989.

The Serbian Orthodox Church appealed to the armed forces as it urged Milosevic
to step aside. Patriarch Pavle, the leader of the church, told the regime to
"accept the electoral will of the people," adding that the church "called on
everyone, including the army and police, to defend the people and the state
rather than individuals."

But most Serbs believe Milosevic will not relinquish power without a fight. He's
an indicted war criminal with few escape hatches. His regime depends on
smugglers and gangsters to skirt nearly 10 years of economic sanctions. He has
survived defeat in four wars . He has insulated himself and has limited his
public appearances in recent years as a number of his government cronies and
friends have been assassinated.

Milosevic's strategy, according to Western officials, was to force a runoff in
efforts to divide the opposition. So far the opposition is united. But its calls
for sustained street protests are risky. In recent years, Milosevic has
outlasted the clamors echoing through Republic Square.

"People are afraid of what will happen if Kostunica wins. They are afraid of
civil war," said Goran Nedeljkovic, a waiter in a small cafe in Granacia, a Serb
bastion in the province of Kosovo. "It's a real danger. Milosevic just won't
give up after 10 years of ruling."

But many in this small town, where Orthodox monks and nuns bottle plum brandy
and honey, are sticking with Milosevic. Despite his failures and the poverty he
has left them in, Milosevic is seen by many as a savior, a strong nationalist,
the only one who can guard them against the aggression of the West. Milosevic's
state media have been honing this message for years, warping anything to the
contrary.

"I strongly believe Milosevic will win," said Slobodan Ilic, sitting at his desk
in the municipal office as outside a row of old women and farmers sold peppers
for a few pennies each. "The West is bothered by [Milosevic] because he's the
only one who will show his teeth to the West."

Jeffrey Fleishman's e-mail address is foreign@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       NOVEMBER 1, 1999 Monday SF EDITION

BOTH SIDES FINAGLE THE FACTS IN DEBATE ON SOCIAL SECURITY DESPITE WHAT
REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING, THEIR PROPOSALS WOULD HAVE LITTLE EFFECT
ON THE PROGRAM.

BYLINE: Robert A. Rankin, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1272 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


At the heart of this year's budget struggle between President Clinton and the
Republican majority in Congress is a fraudulent debate over Social Security.

Each side is presenting itself as an ardent defender of the federal pension
system while denouncing the other as a threat to it.

Neither side's proposals, however, would directly affect Social Security
benefits, now or in the future. Nor would either's proposals do anything to
"save" Social Security, or to reform it. In fact, neither party would change
Social Security in any meaningful way.

But the Democrats and Republicans are using Social Security in their budget
arguments because it is the most potent issue in American politics.

The debate is about appearing to defend Social Security, not about the program's
shaky finances, which both sides gave up trying to correct earlier this year.
What is at stake is not a secure retirement for tens of millions of Americans,
but political control of the House of Representatives. In next year's elections,
a shift of only six seats could tip power back to the Democrats.

REPUBLICANS' BOAST

To help prevent that, Republicans are boasting they will not touch a penny of
Social Security revenues in this year's spending bills. In fact, they want to
cut federal spending by 1 percent to avoid doing that.

At the same time, the Republican Congressional Campaign Committee is running
television ads in eight House districts where Democratic incumbents face close
races next year. The ads say Democrats are trying to raid Social Security trust
funds to pay for "big government" programs.

The ads are not true. The trust funds do not work that way.

"No one is raiding the trust funds. No one has ever raided the trust funds. Each
party has accused the other party of doing that, but you couldn't if you wanted
to," said Martin Corry, director of federal affairs at AARP, the powerful senior
citizens' lobby.

Nevertheless, last week House Majority Leader Dick Armey (R., Texas) said
Republicans were refusing to pay back dues to the United Nations because Clinton
wanted to spend Social Security revenues on U.N. family-planning programs.

"We're asking the President, 'Mr. President, is using America's money to lobby
for abortion language in countries across the globe more important than
preserving Social Security?' " Armey said at a news conference on Wednesday.

DEMOCRATS' RESPONSE

In response, Democrats say Republicans are using "gimmicks" to mask their
attempt to tap this year's Social Security surplus, estimated at $147 billion,
to pay for routine government operations. Democrats insist that the
Congressional Budget Office has concluded that GOP spending bills would dip into
Social Security revenues for $17 billion.

"They've been saying for weeks now that they're not spending Social Security
money, when the CBO says they do. This is the big lie," said House Minority
Leader Richard A. Gephardt (D., Mo.).

Gephardt's assertion is only half true. The Congressional Budget Office reached
contradictory conclusions on that point, depending upon which accounting
assumptions were used.

The truth that is lost in the fog of political rhetoric about obscure accounting
projections: Social Security is neither endangered nor helped in any way by
either Republicans' or Clinton's proposals.

Both sides are vowing to use all surplus Social Security revenues - expected to
total about $2 trillion over 10 years - to pay down the national debt. That
would reduce the government's future interest costs. It also would help lower
interest rates throughout the economy, spurring investment and productivity.

Economists hail this as good for the economy - but it would not make a direct
impact on Social Security at all. Indirectly, it would make it easier to finance
future Social Security benefits by providing a richer economy to tax or borrow
from, but that's not in dispute. What is in dispute is how these decisions may
affect the trust funds and future benefits.

Social Security benefits are paid out of current wage taxes, not trust funds.
For every surplus Social Security dollar - whether it is spent on routine
government operations or buys down debt - Treasury issues an IOU to the system's
trust funds. That is all the trust funds hold - IOUs that must be redeemed by
future taxes or new debt.

If Congress finances this year's spending bills in part by tapping Social
Security revenues, the trust funds will still get an equivalent amount of IOUs.
That accounting procedure has been used for years - the national debt of $5.7
trillion includes $2.1 trillion that the government owes to itself in the form
of IOUs to various trust funds. The Social Security trust funds are owed $984
billion.

Clinton proposed again this week to give the Social Security trust funds $736
billion in extra IOUs between 2011 and 2015. He said that would extend the trust
funds' solvency 16 years to 2050, and Social Security actuaries agreed.

But House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill Archer (R., Texas), who
oversees Social Security, says Clinton's plan would do nothing to ease the
system's looming financial problems stemming from the aging of the baby boom
generation, and some independent analysts agree.

Clinton would use Social Security surpluses to buy down the part of the national
debt owed to private lenders, which would cut future federal interest costs.
Under his plan, starting in 2011, Treasury would issue extra IOUs to the trust
funds equal to the amount of interest saved. The White House estimates the lower
interest costs would save $107 billion in 2011, so Clinton proposes to give the
trust funds $107 billion in new IOUs that year.

But his new IOUs would not add a penny for future Social Security benefits,
because IOUs are only claims against future government taxes or new debt.

"Essentially, the President is proposing to shore up Social Security by
crediting the trust fund with presumed interest savings from presumed debt
reduction, made possible by presumed budget surpluses. There are too many
presumptions in this chain of logic to be credible or to constitute a genuine
reform strategy," said Robert Bixby, executive director of the Concord
Coalition, a bipartisan group dedicated to fiscal responsibility.

"We do not agree that his plan to credit Social Security with new Treasury IOUs
does anything to save the program," Bixby added. "All it does is literally paper
over the real problems."

The President's own budget document makes the same point. Regarding federal
trust funds, it says:

"These balances are available to finance future benefit payments . . . but only
in a bookkeeping sense. These funds are not set up to be pension plans, like the
funds of private pension plans. They do not consist of real economic assets that
can be drawn down in the future to fund benefits.

"Instead, they are claims on the Treasury that, when redeemed, will have to be
financed by raising taxes, borrowing from the public, or reducing benefits or
other expenditures. The existence of large trust-fund balances, therefore, does
not, by itself, have any impact on the government's ability to pay benefits."

Clinton said Wednesday that his plan would "extend the life of Social Security
until the year 2050, which will encompass the life span of most of the baby
boomers."

In reality, Social Security faces a cash deficit of $8.4 trillion in 1999
dollars between 2014 and 2050, according to the system's actuaries, "and the
President's proposal would not change this," said Bixby of the Concord
Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Analysis

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Texas's voter ID chicanery

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 514 words


EVERYONE IS clear on the voter-ID games that have been played in
Republican-controlled state legislatures in recent years. In the name of
preventing ballot fraud - of which there is virtually no evidence - GOP
lawmakers have enacted restrictive bills, whose purpose and effect are to
disenfranchise a certain number of reliably Democratic-leaning citizens: African
Americans, Latinos and low-income voters.

The most over-the-top example of voter suppression is legislation adopted in
2011 by Texas, which three federal courts have struck down. Zombie-like, it
refuses to die, owing to the unembarrassed determination of Gov. Greg Abbott and
other Republicans in Austin intent on resurrecting Jim Crow-style obstacles to
the ballot by any means they can finagle through the judiciary.

Mr. Abbott and his ilk in other states are playing a short-term game, whose
horizon - the November presidential election - is in plain sight. The
longer-term game, as the white majority shrinks, may not turn out well for the
Republicans. For now, however, significant numbers of black, Latino and other
voters may be dissuaded from obtaining a voter ID, or even blocked from doing so
in Texas or one of the other 16 states that have adopted restrictions that will
apply in a presidential election for the first time this fall. Of those, 11
states are requiring specific and in some cases hard-to-obtain photo IDs.

A federal court in Texas found that more than 600,000 residents lack the
particular forms of ID now required of voters there. A federal court in the
District in 2012  found clear evidence that many "working poor" residents would
be unable to procure or afford an ID deemed valid, and that disproportionate
numbers of them would be black and Hispanic. The evidence Texas produced to
demonstrate the contrary was "unpersuasive, invalid, or both," the court said,
in an opinion by a panel that included two judges appointed by Democratic
presidents and one appointed by a Republican.

It remains unclear whether the Texas law will apply in the November elections,
but the Supreme Court, apparently eager for clarity by then, instructed a
federal appeals court in New Orleans to render its judgment by July 20.

In the meantime, the law remains in force, as does the scandal of employing
legislative gimmickry to disenfranchise Americans. An estimated 11 percent of
adults in this country have no government-issued photo identification cards. To
procure one in Texas, the federal court found in 2012, would mean traveling up
to 250 miles round-trip for many people - a particular burden for people living
in poverty.

The Supreme Court left the door open to mischief by gutting the section of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965 that requires states with a history of racial
discrimination, including Texas, to submit changes in their voting laws to the
Justice Department for approval. That was a green light to lawmakers in Austin
and elsewhere, nearly all of them white Republicans, to impose rules tailor-made
to impede minority voters. Having allowed such a disgrace, the Supreme Court
needs to fix it.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 2, 2011 Wednesday

Silicon Valley Police Blotter

BYLINE: Compiled from police department reports

SECTION: CRIME; News

LENGTH: 543 words


SAN JOSE

2000 block of Story Road, 10 a.m. Friday A male with a gun grabbed a female's
purse and left the area in a vehicle.

200 block of Santa Clara Street, 2:55 p.m. Friday Police arrested two men, ages
21 and 52, who tried finagle $16,500 ransom money from a female friend by
claiming they had been kidnapped.



Market and San Carlos streets, 4:09 p.m. Friday A male reported to be chasing
people with knife was contacted and arrested.

Undisclosed location, 7:15 p.m. Friday Warrants searched resulted in the arrests
of two people for narcotics violations and the seizure of more than a pound of
methamphetamine, a large amount of cocaine and a large sum cash.

South 11th and Keyes streets, 10:23 p.m. Friday A driver who collided with
another vehicle, dropped his keys and ran off, was located and arrested. The
male was additionally booked for driving while intoxicated and with a suspended
license.

2900 block of South Bascom Avenue, 11:20 p.m. Friday Three males with guns stole
cash and merchandise from a store.

2855 Stevens Creek Blvd., 4:30 p.m. Saturday Two people, including a mother with
two children were present, were arrested at Westfield Valley Fair after a
vehicle search produced stolen merchandise from multiple stores.

Crucero Drive and Dubert Lane, 10:07 a.m. Sunday A bicyclist was seriously
injured by a hit-and-run driver.

South 21st and Santa Clara streets, 3:50 p.m. Sunday Police located and booked
two males for beating one of two ice cream vendors and stealing their cart. A
third male is being sought.

1400 block of South White Road, 7:01 p.m. Sunday Two juveniles who robbed a
store a knifepoint, taking items while threatening violence, were located a
short distance away and subsequently arrested.

1400 block of Curci Drive, 9:05 p.m. Sunday A gunman took cash from male
delivering pizza and also items from his vehicle.

CAMPBELL

1000 block of Bismarck Drive, 3:18 p.m. Friday A tailgate was removed from a
pickup truck.

1000 block of Ravencourt Drive, 1 p.m. Friday A Toyota was stolen.

300 block of North Third Street, 3:15 a.m. Friday A table saw was stolen.

PALO ALTO

260 California Ave., 1:50 a.m. Sunday A San Jose man was booked for battery on a
police officer.

MILPITAS

Dempsey Road, Friday A vehicle was stolen.

South Park Victoria Drive, Saturday A burglary occurred overnight.

LOS ALTOS

200 block of Cuesta Drive, Friday A vehicle was stolen.

1000 block of St. Joseph Avenue, 11:13 a.m. Sunday A residential mail box was
vandalized.

1700 block of Holt Avenue, 12:25 p.m. Sunday An attempt to break into a
residence was made.

MENLO PARK

1200 block of Willow Road, 4:59 a.m. Saturday A vehicle was stolen.

800 block of Newbridge Street, 7:46 p.m. Saturday A robbery occurred.

1300 block of Modoc Avenue, 7:52 a.m. Sunday A vehicle's tires were slashed.

REDWOOD CITY

Maple Street, 10:13 a.m. Friday Two motorcycles were taken from a secured
parking garage.

Ringwood Avenue, 11:48 p.m. Friday A residence was burglarized.

Fulton Street and Jackson Avenue, 12:05 p.m. Sunday A male found an
unidentifiable piece of meat in the back of a Dodge Dakota.

Veterans Boulevard, 11:30 p.m. Sunday A man being treated for a head injury said
someone had hit him in the head with a hammer at a gas station.

See more blotter items at www.mercurynews.com/crime-courts .


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 24, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

'66 West Point class attacks book review

BYLINE: Helen Altonn; Ellyn Ferguson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 289 words



Members of the U.S. Military Academy's Class of '66 who served in Vietnam are
fighting a new battle to defend classmates from what they say is a charge of
cowardice.

At issue: New York Times writer Tom Buckley's Sunday book review of The Long
Gray Line by Rick Atkinson, a writer for The Washington Post.

Buckley, who was a war correspondent in Vietnam, asks why ''only 98 cadets
answered the call'' to volunteer for Vietnam duty, out of 579 members of the
1966 West Point class.

The veterans say that, actually, about two-thirds of the class served one or
more tours in Vietnam; 30 died, and more than 100 were wounded.

Warner Bros. Inc. plans a movie of the book - ''a very honest accounting of what
our class did with what our country gave us,'' says John Wheeler, Vietnam
Veterans Memorial Fund chairman for 10 years.

Buckley suggests ''string-pulling'' by cadets to finagle posts and assignments
''out of harm's way.'' Also, he says: ''In 1976 a cheating scandal exposed the
cherished cadet honor code as a sham.''

But Col. George Crocker - cited by Buckley as ''the only altogether admirable
figure'' described in the book - says: ''It was a very hawkish class.''

Only so many slots were offered for Vietnam volunteers when Army assignments
were made, and they all went first, says Crocker, now the 82nd Airborne
Division's chief of staff at Fort Bragg, N.C.

He was among about 40 class members who went to Vietnam in the 9th Infantry
Division, which arrived before the 98 volunteers Buckley cited.

Buckley responded later that the reasons given to explain why some didn't
volunteer for combat come from the book, not from his imagination.

Other responses:

- Health-care administrator William Haneke, Class of 1966 and 9th Infantry
Division member: ''I am saddened that Mr. Buckley chose this form to attack and
possibly defame members of the Class of 1966 of West Point - which I find
particularly offensive.''

- Hope Donnelly, Class of 1986: ''The honor code is really a big deal to me, one
of the reasons I went to West Point. It's something really important to
everybody there.''

The worst charge he makes is one of cowardice leveled against men now dead.  -
John Wheeler, Class of '66

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               February 1, 1998, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Irabu: expect less, win more

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 914 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Hideki Irabu arrived in town this week with a considerable weight removed  from
his shoulders. And his midsection, for that matter.

Seven months removed from his celebrated United States arrival, and his
subsequent major-league flop, Irabu has returned to the Yankees minor-league
complex to get an early start on spring training.

He's dropped some of the 255 pounds he carried  when he arrived last  summer.
And, for the time being, he's lost the entourage of Japanese media  that
clamored for his attention in 1997. All that remain are the expectations.  And
even they have been tempered.

"Going into the season you should look at him as a quality No. 3 or No. 4
starter and see what happens from there," Yankees pitching coach Mel
Stottlemyre said. "I try not to number our guys in that way. Let's just say  we
need him to be a strong pitcher for us."

Irabu was anything but during his turbulent stay in New York last year.  Coveted
enough by Yankees owner George Steinbrenner to finagle a $ 12.8-million
contract, Irabu was not terribly popular with others.

Some teammates expressed resentment at the size of his deal. Japanese media
criticized his demeanor and the way he orchestrated his departure from Japan.

Between the burden of expectations from his contract and the media frenzy,  the
Yankees said it was no wonder he struggled. Bouncing between the minor  leagues
and New York and the rotation and bullpen, Irabu  had a 5-4 record and  7.09
ERA.

"It was like he was in a no-win situation. It just wasn't a good  environment
for him," Yankees vice president of player development Mark  Newman said.
"Hopefully, it will be totally different for him now. He should  be able to
relax, and he has the whole spring to get ready."

The Yankees are particularly pleased with Irabu's apparent cooperation  after
rankling some with his less-than-stellar work habits last year.

He arrived more than three weeks early for spring training at the team's
request. Following a redeye flight from Los Angeles that arrived at 5 a.m.
Tuesday, Irabu was at the minor-league complex hours later. He was sent home  to
get more rest, but the gesture did not go unnoticed.

"This is all voluntary on his part," Newman said. "It says something  about how
he's approaching (the season)."

  YOU WERE EXPECTING ALBERT SCHWEITZER?: Albert Belle was not impressed  with
Cleveland's pennant-winning effort last season. The White Sox slugger  suggests
the Indians "should have sent Christmas gifts to all of us for  letting them win
the division last year." Belle, who spent 10 years in the  Indians organization
before signing with the White Sox, does not have warm  feelings for his old
teammates. "To me, they're more former associates and  acquaintances than
friends," he said. "It's not like I called them when they  got to the World
Series or sent them Christmas cards."

  ANOTHER STICK-UP IN QUEENS: The Mets have followed the cheesy example of  the
White Sox when it comes to interleague play. They announced the  Yankees-Mets
series is sold out - but wait. If you're willing to buy tickets  for a six-game
package, they just happen to have some of those Mets-Yankees  tickets available.
Good to know greed is alive and thriving.

  ANOTHER WALK IN THE PARK: Barry Bonds, who has joined Ted Williams and  Babe
Ruth as the only players to have combined for more than 400 walks in  three
consecutive seasons, is concerned the Giants have not made any moves to  protect
him in the lineup. "I just wish my job could get a little easier,"  Bonds said.
"We got rid of Glenallen Hill, so who is it now? Me, J.T. Snow  and Jeff Kent?
We need a big hitter."

  HOLY MISSING COW: Local Cubs fans are in for a lonely summer. WGN-TV has
announced it will cut back from 144 to 92 games this season,  an all-time low
for the superstation.  The Tribune Co. (which owns the Cubs and WGN) wants to
free up programing space for Warner Bros. shows. The reason? The Tribune Co.
also owns 23 percent of Warner Bros. So instead of Sammy Sosa, you can watch
Buffy the Vampire Slayer on a summer evening.

  AROUND THE HORN: Bo Jackson will work as an informal instructor for the  White
Sox during spring training. . . . The Red Sox have interest in acquiring  OF
Billy Ashley, who has struggled in repeated opportunities with the Dodgers.  . .
. Bill Swift, coming off two injury-plagued seasons in Colorado, barely  reached
80 mph during a workout with Arizona. . . . Rey Sanchez is the third  former
Cubs SS signed by the Giants in the past three years. He was preceded  by Shawon
Dunston in 1996 and Jose Vizcaino in '97.

  YE OF LITTLE FAITH: Trading SS Kevin Stocker (Devil Rays) and 2B Mickey
Morandini (Cubs) has Phillies C Mike Lieberthal worried. Philadelphia acquired
OFs Bob Abreu and Doug Glanville in the trades and have phenom Desi Relaford
ready to replace Stocker, but Lieberthal is uneasy.

  "How can you get a better infield than the one we had last year?" he  said.
"We never really had to worry about positioning because those guys knew  all the
players in the league. Desi committed 34 errors in Triple-A last year.  That's
kind of scary. What's going to happen when he has all the pressure on  him this
year?

  "If I were a fan I'd probably be disappointed with some of the moves  they've
made."

- Information from other news organizations was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Hideki Irabu

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           September 11, 2007 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

EDITORIAL;
NAGLE'S FINAGLE;
COUNTY LAWYER GETS LAST LAUGH

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. N14

LENGTH: 152 words


BACK when he was hired as litigation cost manager in 2003, Robert Nagle's job
was to help Los Angeles County save money on legal settlements. Maybe the county
should have never dumped him in 2006 -- he could have been useful in combating
his own future claim against it.

Of course, if he hadn't been fired, Nagle never would have been able to hit the
county with a $2.2 million wrongful-termination suit. Earlier this summer,
county supervisors agreed to settle that claim for $450,000.

Only in L.A. County government could a hiring -- designed to save money on legal
settlements -- end up costing nearly a half-million in a legal settlement.

The county's costs for judgments, settlements and outside legal fees were lower
when Nagle still was on the payroll. But county officials claim that's a
coincidence, and they may be right.

After all, the job was easier then -- Nagle never had to deal with lawsuits from
himself.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Wilmington bagel king witness in coke raid

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 225 words


BOSTON ---A Wilmington bagel tycoon with an expensive drug habit was the key
prosecution witness who testified that a 69-year-old grandfather was running a
drug mart out of his Boston home in West Roxbury.

Mark Smith, founder of the Finagle-a-Bagel chain, was a key prosecution witness
in Andrew Schulehuber's drug trial in Suffolk Superior Court last week.

Smith, who resides in Wilmington, testified that he was house-sitting for
Schulehuber and his wife Winifred, also 69, in March 2000 in exchange for a 50
percent discount on his $200-a-day coke habit, when police raided the LaGrange
Street home, according to published reports.

Smith founded the original bagel company at Quincy Market with his brother,
Larry, who sold the business in 1998. Smith had left the business seven years
earlier.

Police allege that Schulehuber, whose street name was "The Cheese,'' was the
kingpin of a high-volume drug den from his former home in West Roxbury. Police
say he was a major supplier of cocaine in the Boston area through the 1990s,
according to published reports.

A Suffolk County jury on Monday convicted Schulehuber of drug trafficking while
acquitting his wife of conspiring to help him.

After the verdict, chulehuber was rushed to the hospital after suffering a mild
heart attack. He is free on bail pending his Aug. 11 sentencing hearing.

-- LISA REDMOND

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 26, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

Dead Reckoning; A White-Water Adventure to Remember

Stephen Collins, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 2846 words


The Dead River in Maine is not for inexperienced paddlers. It is billed as the
premier white-water run in the northeastern United States, and hours before you
hear the roar of Spencer Rips, 15 miles from the nearest paved road and where
the run begins, experience can come in handy.

Riding in from the village of The Forks with one of the commercial operators who
transport paddlers and boats over logging company roads to the river, I draw on
experience and finagle a seat inside the truck cab for my partner, Candace, and
myself. Though that means breathing the driver's secondhand smoke for an hour
and a half, it is preferable to sitting in an open truck eating the dust kicked
up by the caravan of cars, trucks, trailers, even buses that crawl over
International Paper Co. land, carrying pilgrims to the sacred waters.

I've ridden in the back before, and the dust sticks in my craw. So do the
stories you hear back there. There's nothing like the prospect of 16 miles of
Class III, IV and V rapids to get a white-water warrior's adrenaline pumping and
tongue wagging. Our companions on the trip, a lawyer named Bob who's running the
river for the first time and a bunch of white-water voyageurs who have come down
from Montreal and Ottawa, seem to enjoy themselves out back. For my money it's
much better to endure the smoke and listen to a retired, up-country Mainer talk
about life in "God's country" and about "sports" who come from Massachusetts and
New York to ride the rapids.

"There was one lady on a raft trip -- honest to God -- she asked, 'How many
years does it take before a deer turns into a moose?' " our driver says,
stubbing out a butt as he deftly avoids a puddle that could have stopped the
three-quarter-ton truck. Though we end up not seeing any deer or moose this
trip, probably on account of the traffic, the flatlanders and locals alike
remain vigilant for animals in the woods. Visitors, myself included, tend to
view a big, lumbering moose as the king of the woods and a sign that, "by God, I
am out in the wilderness." Locals, like our driver, are more likely to see them
as hindquarters, front-quarters and tenderloins.

While there has been a limited authorized moose hunt in Maine for 15 years, the
subtleties of winning the state's moose-hunt lottery and getting a proper permit
are sometimes lost on denizens of the upper Kennebec and Dead river valleys.
When I ask about the logistics of getting an illegally killed, one-ton animal
out of the woods and into the freezer, my chauffeur explains it as a matter of
fact. "You use a chain saw," he says. "You put Wesson oil in it instead of
bar-and-chain oil and it works great -- doesn't spoil the saw and doesn't spoil
the meat." Voila! If only he owned a cellular phone, I could call Heloise.

If the absence of wildlife and the presence of dust from other vehicles isn't
sufficient, congestion at the river's edge convinces me that the Dead River,
moose or no moose, no longer qualifies as wilderness. At least not on a weekend
when there's a water release. Besides scores of canoes and kayaks, since today
is a 3,500 cubic-feet-per-second (cfs) release (about four times the minimum
level for canoes), there is a line of inflatable seven-person rafts snaking a
couple of hundred yards up the hill as paddlers await their turn to launch.
Big-water releases of up to 7,500 cfs happen a half-dozen times per year,
bringing out kayakers, a certain element of the open-canoe crowd, and raft
companies that normally concentrate on the nearby Kennebec River and the
Penobscot to the north.

As the line slowly advances to the river's edge, rafting guides keep up a steady
patter, directing the overland transport of the heavy inflatables and using the
time to coach their charges on what's in store. Some of the rafters, in bulky
life jackets, neoprene wet suits and plastic crash helmets, face the prospects
with animated bravado. Others seem quietly apprehensive. A pudgy, middle-age guy
makes a sign of the cross just before his group scrambles aboard.

When they finally hit the water, guides use the first 200 yards of fast current
to teach synchronized strokes and practice maneuvers before dropping into the
first rapid. Meanwhile, canoeists and kayakers form up in groups and look for a
break in the action to head off downstream.

Part of the appeal of the lower Dead River is the continuity of the rapids.
That's what brought me; that's what will bring the National White Water Open
Canoe Down-River Championships July 13-15 this year. Once you commit your boat
to Spencer Rips at the top, you're in for nonstop white water for the duration.
The 16-mile trip can take three hours or last all day, depending on your pace,
but there is nothing on this stretch that anyone would call "dead" -- no hard
work paddling flat-water to get to the next rapid. With the specialized design
of a new generation of white-water canoes and kayaks, this is important; I've
paddled the West Branch of the Penobscot with one group that insisted on driving
our canoes on trucks around a three-mile dead-water rather than paddling the
stubby, wandering, 13-foot white-water canoes into a light head wind.

The Dead is perfectly suited to the new, high-volume, ABS-plastic play-boat
designs made by Mohawk, Mad River and a handful of other companies. Besides the
maneuverability of the short, banana-rockered hulls, the boats have broad noses
for buoyancy in big waves. And, stuffed full of air-bags and equipped with
saddles, thigh-straps and toe-blocks to brace the paddler in, the boats can be
rolled upright like a kayak if they capsize.

Spencer Rips is one of the more likely places for such an upset. As the river
narrows and descends a steep pitch, the first challenge is to navigate through a
boulder field. As it constricts even farther, the rushing water accelerates into
a chute blocked in the middle by a nearly invisible rock. The 16-foot Mad River
Explorer that Candace and I are paddling today still bears a deep crease on its
bow from its maiden voyage here. I put it in the water, brand-new from the
factory, and a few minutes later nearly launched Candace from the bow when a
failure to take proper evasive measures caused us to slam the big rock in
Spencer Rips.

There is a natural sense of ascending drama to the trip. After the little
wake-up call in the chute at Spencer Rips, the river eases off into long and
interesting rapids that gradually rise in intensity like the crescendo of a
rousing symphony. The finale is Poplar Hill Falls, a mile-long Class IV-plus
rapid that can leave you feeling exhilarated or broken. Sometimes it leaves
boats broken too.

We pass Spencer Rips without incident and spend more time than usual sitting in
the eddies that form behind big rocks. A group travels as fast as its slowest
member, and waiting for hot-dog canoeists and kayakers from Quebec to stop,
point their boats upstream and surf on standing waves reminds me why I prefer
smaller groups.

We stop to eat at an old sluice -- a built-up bank used decades ago for dumping
logs into the river for their trip to paper mills downstream on the Kennebec.
I've brought my standard luncheon fare -- a can of cold B&M vegetarian baked
beans, a can of sardines and a hard roll. I don't have to wake up early to
prepare it and I've never gone hungry as a result of offering to share. ("I've
never been that hungry" was my all-time favorite response.) The Quebecers tear
up a frozen pizza (now long thawed) and slice cheese, summer sausage and sweet
peppers to go with it.

After watching a couple of guys practice rolling their canoes in a calm pool, we
resume our journey. Rounding a bend 20 minutes after lunch, we pass a 16-foot
canoe just like ours, except that it has four people in it. I point out this
unusual configuration to our companion, Bob, who's paddling solo in a 15-footer,
and he decides that offering to give one of the foursome a ride would be doing
the right thing. The woman who joins him explains that the two couples started
in separate boats and made it almost this far before one -- an old 15-foot
Grumman aluminum canoe -- broached on a rock, filled with water and bent double.
It's not an uncommon fate on the Dead; the first time I did the river in 1973 we
passed the remains of more than a dozen canoes that hadn't made it out. Today,
with their boat pinned to a rock by more than a ton of water pressure flowing in
the open upstream side, the two couples decided it wasn't worth rescuing. Still
miles from the paved road or their campsite, they agreed to abandon ship and try
to get out together in one boat.

The fact that the woman spends most of her time looking back to see which side
Bob's paddle is on (thinking the most important thing she can do is to paddle on
the opposite side) reveals to us one reason her canoe is underwater, plastered
to a boulder. Even after another group takes the second woman, the two men tip
or sink in practically every rapid.

After our refugee and Bob go down for another swim, Candace and I pluck her from
midstream and agree to try to take her in our canoe. Her end of the bargain is
to hunker down and just stay low in the boat. She reveals between shivers that
she's pregnant and hadn't been that eager to come in the first place. Her only
previous experience, she confesses, was the previous afternoon on a rapid under
a bridge in Errol, N.H.

For a while her third boat of the day is charmed as we navigate the
ever-building rapids without incident. The sun begins to duck behind the spruce
trees and, once again, despite having paddled the river more than a dozen times,
I falter trying to predict where the last big pitch, Poplar Hill Falls, begins.
As the rapids get more challenging, the amount of water we have to bail
increases commensurately. Each time I say, "I think this is it . . . No, I guess
it's bigger than this," our passenger slumps lower into the bulge until only her
eyes and her wet, matted hair show above the gunwales.

In Little Poplar Hill Falls, a tough Class III just upstream of the real McCoy,
a lapse in steering brings a couple of big waves cascading over the bow, making
the canoe unstable as we slosh toward an eddy. The three of us step out onto the
rocks to dump six inches of water. Back afloat, only two of us climb back in.
There's an overgrown woods road on the right-hand shore, and discretion suggests
we send our hitchhiker around the rapids that way, on land. Anxious, she glances
upstream where, we assume, her husband and companions are still making their way
out. They were last seen about an hour ago, trying to swim their swamped canoe
to shore with the Appalachian Mountain Club river-rescue squad standing by.

Poplar Hill Falls doesn't disappoint us. Running on the left risks waves big
enough to sink us; staying right requires fairly precise maneuvers around big
rocks in powerful currents that don't always go where you want the boat to go.
Despite volumes of instructions written in manuals and hollered over the roar of
rushing waters, I maintain there are only two things you need to know to succeed
in white water -- where you want to be, and how to get there. Today we guess
right on both, skirting the biggest waves and dodging the boulders.

Euphoric after a sparkling warm day on a challenging river, we wait for our
rider. Then, a quarter-mile downriver, we deposit her at her campsite to wait
for the rest of her party to straggle in.

Each year thousands of people run the lower Dead River, beating a path to this
place in part because it's off the beaten path. In 1995, 7,785 people paddled
the river in commercial rafts on the 15 days when there were scheduled water
releases. The releases provide reliable levels intermittently through the summer
and bring leisure-class crowds to an area that was, just a generation ago, the
domain of self-reliant trappers, lumberjacks and log drivers.

In 1775 Benedict Arnold, then still a patriot of the American Revolution, used
Indian guides to help him lead an army of 1,200 up the Kennebec and Dead rivers
for a sneak attack on the British in Quebec City. Bucking the current and
hauling waterlogged and leaking bateaux full of rotting food and sick soldiers,
Arnold portaged around the rapids on the lower Dead to the flat stretch upstream
for which the river was named. A three-day hurricane, sickness and desertions
reduced the force by more than half before Arnold reached the St. Lawrence and
made his ineffectual attack on the walled city there.

Later, as the Maine forests were harvested, first for ships' masts and more
recently so mills can convert them into toilet tissue, the Dead became a
thoroughfare of commerce. In the 1930s a dam was built at Long Falls, creating
Flagstaff Lake. It displaced residents and inundated the towns of Dead River and
Flagstaff but provided a way to regulate the flow, first for the log drives and
later for white-water sport. Edmund Webb of West Forks, a Maine Guide and former
logger, recalls a family of Micmac Indians who ran the river in a 600-pound
bateau right through much of the 1960s. The men rowed and steered while two
others perched up front with pick-poles to coax the logs downriver. "Now they
were good boatmen," he said.

But no one considered it recreation. That arrived in 1956, when members of the
Appalachian Mountain Club from Boston asked Webb to haul them through the maze
of unimproved logging roads to Grand Falls so they could paddle 16 miles back
out to Route 201. "It was kind of new to us," Webb said. "We never heard the
old-timers talk about anybody doing it before."

Webb's wife, Marie, speaks more directly about those pioneers. "Everybody in
town thought that they were crazy," she said.

The log drives ended on the Dead in 1969. The following year Webb couldn't haul
logs to the riverbank anymore, but he was able to haul about 400 people from
West Forks to Grand Falls for the ride of their lives.

Today on the Dead River, as elsewhere, the word "logjam" is used only
metaphorically, but you're likely to hear it frequently on release weekends when
ABS, polyethylene and rubber boats pile up above the chute at Spencer Rips, in
the eddy behind Elephant Rock or at the top of Poplar Hill Falls. That's where
faint-of-heart paddlers, and those who are just cautious, tend to pause, waiting
perhaps for a psychic shove from a Micmac's phantom pick-pole.

Stephen Collins is a freelance writer who lives in Maine.

WAYS & MEANS

GETTING THERE: It's about 150 miles from Portland, slightly less from Bangor, to
The Forks, Maine, where the Dead and Kennebec rivers come together and most of
the commercial rafting trips end up. USAir, Continental, Delta and United offer
service to Portland and are currently quoting a round-trip fare of about $ 175
from Washington National or Washington Dulles. Fares to Bangor are a bit higher;
USAir, Continental and Delta are currently quoting round-trip prices from $ 218
to $ 236 from one or both of the Washington airports. All fares have
restrictions.

From Portland or Bangor, take I-95 to Exit 36 in Fairfield; The Forks is about
45 miles north on Route 201.

WHEN TO GO: Big water releases on the Dead River are generally in the spring and
the first weekend in October; this year's final big releases are scheduled for
today, June 1, Sept. 1 and Oct. 6. These are when rafting companies concentrate
on the Dead. All release dates, including summer releases for canoeing and
smaller rafts, are published well in advance by the Kennebec Water Power Co.,
205 Center Rd., Fairfield, Maine 04937, 207-453-3390. Rafting season on the
Kennebec River runs from April through October. Wetsuits notwithstanding, it's
cold in April and May and black flies peak in early to mid-June; after Labor Day
the rates go down, the water remains warm and the crowds dissipate.

OUTFITTERS: Basic rafting prices for full-day trips run about $ 75 to $ 105 per
person. Among the rafting companies that operate on the Dead and Kennebec rivers
are Moxie Outdoor Adventures (1-800-866-6943), the New England Outdoor Center
(1-800-766-7238), Magic Falls Rafting Co. (207-663-2220) and Northern Outdoors
(1-800-765-7238).

WHERE TO STAY: Accommodations range from the motel-like Northern Outdoors base
camp with swimming pool, paddle tennis and hot tub ($ 8 per person for a
campsite to up to $ 55 per person for a condo) to the Sterling Inn, a nice
country bed-and-breakfast run by the New England Outdoor Center ($ 80 double,
including breakfast) to more Spartan campsites available at many raft company
base camps (usually less than $ 10 per person per night).

INFORMATION: A list of rafting companies is available from the Skowhegan Chamber
of Commerce (P.O. Box 326, Skowhegan, Maine 04976, 207-474-3621) and the
Moosehead Lake Region Chamber of Commerce (Box 581, Greenville, Maine 04441,
207-695-2702). For statewide tourism information, contact the Maine Publicity
Bureau, P.O. Box 2300, Hallowell, Maine 04347, 1-800-533-9595.

-- Stephen Collins


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1996May 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, stephen collins, Dead River canoeists on Poplar Hill Falls.
Canoeist approach Grand Falls, where the white water begins on the lower Dead
River in Maine.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             May 18, 2006 Thursday

Teacher marches today as majority of one

BYLINE: By Ramnath Subramanian

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 508 words


Special to the Times

"I see you're at it again!"

I turned and found myself face to face with Talkative Man. I was carrying in
each hand a grocery bag that was doing battle with gravity, and I thought of a
ruse to finagle my way out of the conversational trap.

"Allow me to go put these groceries in my car, and I'll be back in a jiffy," I
said, exuding bonhomie.

Ever alert to the possibility of losing his audience, Talkative grabbed the bags
out of my hands and set them down on the floor behind him.

"This one-man march of yours," he said, with calculated derisiveness, "is a
complete waste of time. People in this country need some gargantuan happening to
shake them out of their torpor. It has to look and sound like Woodstock.

"Otherwise, inertia, ignorance, and prevarication rule."

I was a little hurt by his speech which flung darts at my bubble of ideas, but I
tried not to show it.

"Only a handful of people were present when Gandhi burned his passport to
protest segregation laws in South Africa," I interjected. "Yet, this simple act
metastasized into a powerful movement."

"You are a fool, albeit a charming one," said Talkative. "Those were different
times. The intellect was valued, and great ideas forged ahead because people
were willing to make sacrifices. Today, people care more about their SUVs and
cell phones. An idea, even when it is rooted in virtues, has little chance of
being recognized, and far less of being acted upon in the midst of materialistic
preoccupations."

I feared that Talkative was getting ready to launch into a tirade aimed at
American consumerism, but he chose a different tangent for his gabfest.

"Surely you understand why you and other smart people of your ilk are frowned
upon. You are a veritable threat to the establishment. You see through the fog
of lies, half-truths, and propaganda."

"You make it sound so convoluted and gloomy," I said. "What I would like to
accomplish is simple: convince district officials that honest work demands
honest pay. You and I served in the military. We were called upon to perform a
plethora of extra duties. None of them, however, recurred weekly and stretched
over an entire year. My school district wants teachers to conduct year-long,
after-school tutoring, gratis; and that is egregiously wrong."

"Who cares about right and wrong?"

"I do," I said, with brio.

I noticed that a peculiar glint and a distant look had crept into Talkative's
eyes. That normally presaged a burst of soliloquy.

"Who cares about education? For that matter, who cares about children? Look what
happened in Florida to the Opportunity Scholarship Program created by Gov. Bush.
Along with teachers' unions, the NAACP killed it.

Children who would have had a chance to leave failing schools and transfer to
better ones are now condemned to rot away in academic squalor. And don't anyone
dare breathe the word "voucher."

Talkative paid no heed to me as I reached surreptitiously for my grocery bags.
Soon thereafter, I left him talking to a mound of lemons.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2006 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   February 27, 2005 Sunday ST. PAUL EDITION

PARKING SQUEEZE ROILS COMMUTERS

BYLINE: MEGGEN LINDSAYPioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 699 words

DATELINE: APPLE VALLEY


Apple Valley resident Tara Roffler leaves earlier each morning for her daily
commute to downtown Minneapolis than she did a month ago. She spends the extra
10 minutes shuffling between park-and-ride lots -- and crossing her fingers that
she will be able to finagle a parking spot.

Roffler, 30, is not alone.

Apple Valley's already-crowded transit commuter lots have become even more so
since Feb. 1, when the recreation store Watson's stopped allowing commuters to
use as many as 180 spaces in its parking lot. And the increased squeeze has
heightened concerns among some Apple Valley officials that commuters from
outside the Minnesota Valley Transit Authority -- namely Lakeville -- are
pushing city residents out of available parking.

More than half the cars parked at the city's transit station and nearby lots on
155th Street belong to people who live outside the transit authority's borders,
a 2004 Metro Transit study showed.

The MVTA runs buses from Apple Valley, Burnsville, Eagan, Rosemount and Savage
to downtown St. Paul and Minneapolis. It is one of six independent
transportation agencies in the Twin Cities formed in the 1980s under state
legislation that allowed outer-ring suburbs to "opt-out" of Metro Transit.

"At the very least, the city needs to give preference to Apple Valley
residents," said Roffler, who on occasion winds up driving to Eagan to get on a
bus. "This situation needs to be fixed."

To curb the crowding, Apple Valley's Economic Development Authority earlier this
month approved a free parking permit system for residents in those five cities,
but will wait two months to implement the system and begin ticketing.

No one living outside those cities would be allowed to park at the transit
station, but could go to other, less crowded lots.

The MVTA also is trying to lease parking spots at the Apple Valley Square
shopping center.

In the meantime, Apple Valley and MVTA officials hope to encourage Lakeville to
join the transit authority -- a proposition that thus far has been met with
tepid enthusiasm.

"We want to allow time for the process to play out," Apple Valley city
administrator Tom Lawell said. "If nothing happens by mid-April, we'll put the
(permit) plan into place."

Although concern about the number of nonsystem bus riders has percolated in the
far south suburbs for years, the immediate squeeze from the loss of slots at
Watson's finally caused the issue to boil over.

"It's a problem and it's been a growing problem," MVTA Executive Director
Beverley Miller said. "It's been hard to plan without the outside, high-growth
areas at the table."

Because communities pay for transit's capital expenses with property tax
dollars, riders from elsewhere are increasingly unwelcome. But the bulk of the
system's costs -- which are operational -- are covered through user fares, state
dollars and a portion of the motor vehicle sales tax.

"Everybody is helping pay for that -- even those of us who don't have facilities
or buses," Lakeville city administrator Steven Mielke said.

"Lakeville is well aware of problems facing Apple Valley and the MVTA. And the
city has been looking at this for a number of years and is continuing to study
the issue, with the knowledge that at some point in time our community will
probably join the system," he continued.

"Whether we join immediately or not is a City Council decision that has yet to
be made."

Lakeville residents in the past largely have opposed joining the MVTA. But the
city increasingly has heard from residents who now advocate bringing in public
transit, and it plans to send out a citywide survey shortly, Mielke said.

Aligning with the MVTA would cost Lakeville $750,000 annually, which translates
into a property tax increase of $32 on a $210,000 home, Mielke said.

It wouldn't guarantee residents would get their own park-and-ride lot or bus
service, however, because those tax dollars are earmarked for capital expenses,
not new services.

"It's a catch-22," said state Sen. Chris Gerlach, R-Apple Valley, who has been
working with municipal officials.

Meggen Lindsay can be reached at mlindsay@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5260.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.

                           February 27, 2005, Sunday

Parking squeeze roils commuters

BYLINE: By Meggen Lindsay

LENGTH: 711 words



Apple Valley resident Tara Roffler leaves earlier each morning for her daily
commute to downtown Minneapolis than she did a month ago. She spends the extra
10 minutes shuffling between park-and-ride lots -- and crossing her fingers that
she will be able to finagle a parking spot.

Roffler, 30, is not alone.

Apple Valley's already-crowded transit commuter lots have become even more so
since Feb. 1, when the recreation store Watson's stopped allowing commuters to
use as many as 180 spaces in its parking lot. And the increased squeeze has
heightened concerns among some Apple Valley officials that commuters from
outside the Minnesota Valley Transit Authority -- namely Lakeville -- are
pushing city residents out of available parking.

More than half the cars parked at the city's transit station and nearby lots on
155th Street belong to people who live outside the transit authority's borders,
a 2004 Metro Transit study showed.

The MVTA runs buses from Apple Valley, Burnsville, Eagan, Rosemount and Savage
to downtown St. Paul and Minneapolis. It is one of six independent
transportation agencies in the Twin Cities formed in the 1980s under state
legislation that allowed outer-ring suburbs to "opt-out" of Metro Transit.

"At the very least, the city needs to give preference to Apple Valley
residents," said Roffler, who on occasion winds up driving to Eagan to get on a
bus. "This situation needs to be fixed."

To curb the crowding, Apple Valley's Economic Development Authority earlier this
month approved a free parking permit system for residents in those five cities,
but will wait two months to implement the system and begin ticketing.

No one living outside those cities would be allowed to park at the transit
station, but could go to other, less crowded lots.

The MVTA also is trying to lease parking spots at the Apple Valley Square
shopping center.

In the meantime, Apple Valley and MVTA officials hope to encourage Lakeville to
join the transit authority -- a proposition that thus far has been met with
tepid enthusiasm.

"We want to allow time for the process to play out," Apple Valley city
administrator Tom Lawell said. "If nothing happens by mid-April, we'll put the
(permit) plan into place."

Although concern about the number of nonsystem bus riders has percolated in the
far south suburbs for years, the immediate squeeze from the loss of slots at
Watson's finally caused the issue to boil over.

"It's a problem and it's been a growing problem," MVTA Executive Director
Beverley Miller said. "It's been hard to plan without the outside, high-growth
areas at the table."

Because communities pay for transit's capital expenses with property tax
dollars, riders from elsewhere are increasingly unwelcome. But the bulk of the
system's costs -- which are operational -- are covered through user fares, state
dollars and a portion of the motor vehicle sales tax.

"Everybody is helping pay for that -- even those of us who don't have facilities
or buses," Lakeville city administrator Steven Mielke said.

"Lakeville is well aware of problems facing Apple Valley and the MVTA. And the
city has been looking at this for a number of years and is continuing to study
the issue, with the knowledge that at some point in time our community will
probably join the system," he continued.

"Whether we join immediately or not is a City Council decision that has yet to
be made."

Lakeville residents in the past largely have opposed joining the MVTA. But the
city increasingly has heard from residents who now advocate bringing in public
transit, and it plans to send out a citywide survey shortly, Mielke said.

Aligning with the MVTA would cost Lakeville $ 750,000 annually, which translates
into a property tax increase of $ 32 on a $ 210,000 home, Mielke said.

It wouldn't guarantee residents would get their own park-and-ride lot or bus
service, however, because those tax dollars are earmarked for capital expenses,
not new services.

"It's a catch-22," said state Sen. Chris Gerlach, R-Apple Valley, who has been
working with municipal officials.



-----

To see more of the Pioneer Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.twincities.com.


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SP-PARKING-COMMUTERS-20050227

JOURNAL-CODE: SP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 26, 2011 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DUBINSKY WANTS DEAL DONE ASAP

BYLINE: BY PETER BOTTE DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 323 words


THE RANGERS WILL have to finagle their roster to create enough salary-cap space
this summer to afford the high-end talent John Tortorella covets.

But there also will be several integral pieces of the Blueshirts' burgeoning
core looking for new contracts, highlighted by restricted free agents Brandon
Dubinsky and Ryan Callahan.

After building on his team-high 24 goals and 54 points during the regular season
with three points and heavy responsibilities in the five-game playoff
elimination by Washington, Dubinsky is in line for a significant raise from the
$2 million he earned this season.

Dubinsky, who turns 25 Friday, expressed a strong desire to be signed before
training camp opens in September after arriving late in 2009 while working out
his expiring two-year $3.75 million deal. "I'd like to get it done as quickly as
possible," Dubinsky said yesterday at the team's practice facility in
Greenburgh. "I think the Rangers want me, and I want the Rangers, so at the end
of the day we might as well not waste each other's time and draw it out as long
as it was (two years ago). The sooner it's done, the sooner I can focus on
putting all my energy and efforts to this organization."

Callahan's value cannot be discounted, especially after the heart-and-soul
winger missed the playoffs with a broken ankle suffered while blocking a shot
April 4. "I can say it now - and it's not an excuse, because it put more
pressure on other guys to step up and I didn't see it happen - but for the New
York Rangers to lose a Ryan Callahan, it was a huge blow," John Tortorella said.

Callahan, the likely successor to Chris Drury as the captain, finished second on
the team with 23 goals and 48 points despite missing 20 games to injuries. He
will shed his crutches next week and expects to be 100% before training camp.

Forwards Brian Boyle and Artem Anisimov and defensemen Matt Gilroy and Michael
Sauer also will become restricted free agents July 1.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              June 23, 2006 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

CITY USES LOOPHOLE TO FINAGLE TAX HIKE

BYLINE: BY JON COUPAL Local View

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. N17

LENGTH: 549 words


THOSE of us who must genuflect weekly at the gas pump have become painfully
aware that distant, seemingly unrelated events can almost instantaneously
translate into higher pump prices. With the price of gasoline up 40 percent over
the last year, some suspect manipulation. Have unindicted former Enron officials
taken over the oil industry?

While the logical answer is no, one wonders if crooks have not, instead,
infiltrated an even more lucrative venue -- California state and local
government.

For those who live in Los Angeles, the cost of government, like the price of
gasoline after Hurricane Katrina, is about to take another leap upward. Because
the City Council voted to increase the monthly trash collection fee 254 percent
-- from $11 to $28 over the next four years -- city residents will soon find
themselves shelling out an additional $228 per year for this service.

Here is where the manipulation and bookkeeping tricks that would warm the heart
of an Enron accountant come into play. Los Angeles officials managed to pry
loose this additional money from homeowners without triggering any of the
right-to-vote provisions of Proposition 13 and Proposition 218, the Right to
Vote on Taxes Act.

How could this be? Weren't those two measures designed to allow voters and
property owners to approve government exactions?

Yes, but a historical quirk in the City of Angels might let officials skate this
time. Since 1958, when the burning of trash was banned in the Los Angeles Basin,
the city has actually subsidized the cost of trash pickup. The laws pertaining
to charges for trash collection allow a community to recover the cost of
providing the service. Anything more and it is considered a tax, and Proposition
218 requires that it be presented to the voters.

But in Los Angeles, since the city was subsidizing refuse collection, it can now
charge the full amount and shift the money previously used for the subsidy to
other purposes. In this case, city officials say the money will be used to hire
additional police. Yet this plan has two problems that reveal Mayor Antonio
Villaraigosa and the City Council are breaking faith with their constituents.

First, although the city had subsidized trash pickup, this was no gift. The
money was coming from the higher-than-average taxes that city residents have
been paying for years. For example, the Los Angeles utility user tax of 10
percent is greater than in all but a handful of other jurisdictions. So through
a duplicitous shuffling of accounts, the city has managed to avoid allowing
residents to vote on the new charges, while still keeping all of the huge
revenues.

Second is the matter of where the ``extra'' money will be spent. To make it
politically palatable, city officials have announced their intention to spend
the funds on more police. However, their words are not legally binding. If other
needs are perceived the money can be spent on something or anything else.

In fact, a close examination of the new city budget shows the inclusion of $200
million to cover higher pension costs for city workers.

Since the new trash charge, when fully implemented, is expected to generate an
additional $127 million per year, we know now where all of the new money will
really be going.

Think of it as price manipulation, government-style.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Jon Coupal is president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association.
Contact him through the organization's Web site, www.hjta.org.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MAY 29, 2003 Thursday MONTCO EDITION

Clan made a name for itself, township;
Zechariah Whitpaine arrived with William Penn. He left behind financial scandal.

BYLINE: Bonnie L. Cook INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS MONTGOMERY COUNTY & THE REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 870 words


It is 1682. Zechariah Whitpaine, age 16, boards a ship bound for the New World
with a fellow named William Penn.

His mission is to buy up land in Penn's new province for his father, a
middle-class Londoner named Richard. On Dad's dime, Zech purchases ground in
what will someday be called Whitpain Township.

But Zech gets greedy. He finagles the accounts, setting off a financial mess
that echoes down the family tree for decades. Dad gets wind of this and hits the
roof.

Sound like Peyton Place? Instead, it's the history of the Whitpaine family -
present-day Whitpain Township's first major landholders whose foibles leap
vividly from the pages of a new book.

Whitpaine's Creek, written by Carol Spacht, a historical interpreter, is based
on two years of digging in Philadelphia-area libraries for land deeds, letters,
wills and inventories that detail the lives of the clan.

At a meeting on May 21, Whitpain Township's Board of Supervisors voted
unanimously to authorize the printing of 500 copies of the 160-page spiral-bound
book at a cost of $3,553. The book will be available soon at the Township
Building. The cost of the book has not yet been set.

Spacht, 46, a resident of Whitpain, in Montgomery County, became interested in
the Whitpaine family in 2001 when she was hired to portray Sarah Whitpaine,
Zechariah's wife, in celebrations linked to the township's tricentennial. She
dug to find out who these Whitpaines were.

At first, Spacht came up empty. Then she checked the Quaker Collection at
Haverford College in Lower Merion and historical collections in Center City. She
found plenty, including a handwritten document so fragile it had to be pieced
back together.

The deeper she dug into the family, the more intrigued she became.

"I was fascinated," she says. "It was a soap opera."

Spacht's story begins with Richard Whitpaine, who was persecuted by
dung-throwing mobs in 1659 because he was a Quaker. He made a modest living as a
merchant, but he had debts and wanted to get in on Penn's province in America.

Off Zech went to do his father's bidding. By 1686, Zech had bought 4,500 acres
in present-day Philadelphia, Westtown, Chester County, and along the Wissahickon
Creek in Montgomery County. The latter became known as "the plantation of
Whitpaine Creek."

In 1685, Zech's mishandling of a contract releasing indentured servants who
should have worked on the plantation began a downward spiral in the family
finances. Zech also bobbled the ball in trading deals as agent for himself and
his father. In fact, he may have mingled their accounts.

"Zechariah appears to have been a Judas, dipping into his father's purse for his
own benefit and amusement," Spacht writes.

About the same time, Zech married young Sarah Songhurst in the New World without
obtaining the customary approval from England. That did nothing to repair
relations between father and son.

When Richard Whitpaine died in 1689, he left Zech only five pounds sterling,
saying, "he having been wanting in his duty to me."

Richard Whitpaine, it turns out, was no angel either. He died $208,700 in debt
to 50 creditors.

The debt was passed down to Zech and his brother, John. John died at age 33.

Zech died intestate in 1693 at age 27, leaving Sarah with three toddlers. She
was responsible for a large court judgment won by dissatisfied merchants in
London who felt her husband had cheated them in trading deals.

Four years later, Sarah, then 33, married Zech's chief creditor, a successful
merchant named Charles Sanders. Sanders forgave Zech's debt to him.

"Zechariah was the love of her life," Spacht says. Other marriages were "a
practical matter."

After Sanders died, Sarah married a third time in 1704, this time to Griffith
Owen. Both had children. When Sarah's son, John, married Griffith's daughter,
Ann, a few years later, there was a mild scandal. There is no mention of their
marriage in the records of their Quaker meeting, a sign of disapproval, Spacht
says.

The disposition of lands at Whitpaine's Creek was not settled until 1718, after
Sarah worked to have her son John declared as patriarch Richard's heir. When all
debts were satisfied, John was allowed to buy back one third of his
grandfather's acreage at a nominal fee.

The deal was negotiated in Quaker fashion with emphasis on peace and compromise.
"For every contest of this kind makes a distance in friends," the settlement
letter reads.

Spacht says that understanding the significance of that letter was an "aha!"
moment for her.

"It was exciting," she says. "It showed that Sarah was the one who was doing the
pushing." Sarah died a wealthy woman at age 68.

Spacht thinks it important for historians and also township residents
researching their land deeds to know the history of the Whitpaine family. She
plans to go on the road once the book is printed, lecturing to historical
societies in the area.

Even though she received no pay for her work on the book, Spacht doesn't regret
the effort.

"It was such an education for me," she says. "I gained such an appreciation of
the early days of Pennsylvania."

Contact staff writer Bonnie L. Cook at 610-313-8232 or bcook@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
"Woman on a Tub," from Quaker archives, shows a woman wearing a Welsh hat,
similar to the one worn by Carol Spacht in her portrayals.
SCOTT S. HAMRICK, Inquirer Suburban Staff
Carol Spacht stands in Prophecy Creek Park on Route 73 in Whitpain Township, the
site of its tercentenary celebrations.
SCOTT S. HAMRICK, Inquirer Suburban Staff
Carol Spacht portrays Sarah Whitpaine in events linked to Whitpain Township's
history and at schools. Spacht, at Prophecy Creek Park, wrote "Whitpaine's
Creek," which details the lives of the township's namesake family.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 10, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

ALCS NOTEBOOK: Torre finagles rotation, decides to start Neagle

BYLINE: Thomas Stinson, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 12F

LENGTH: 429 words

New York ---Times were, Joe Torre just grabbed a starter, sent him out into an
October night and good things happened. This month, the New York manager found
himself weighing negatives as he put together his ALCS rotation.

Ex-Brave Denny Neagle starts tonight, almost by default.

"I considered a lot of things," Torre said. "I considered 'El Duque' (Orlando
Hernandez) on three days' rest and an abbreviated relief appearance (two hitters
Sunday night).

"I just decided on Denny. Since he got here, he was one of our starters. David
(Cone) is not 100 percent."

Cone, pitching in pain since dislocating his left (non-pitching) shoulder late
in the year, has been awful. Torre last week asked both Rogers Clemens and Andy
Pettitte to work on three days' rest and both were slapped around.

Neagle becomes the prime candidate, despite three straight losses to end the
season. Seattle raked him for seven runs in his only start against the Mariners.
The only theory the Yankees have for the left-hander's ineffectiveness is
over-throwing. Neagle hasn't started since Sept. 27.  With temperatures expected
in the 40s, it won't be easy for him to find his touch.

"Sinkerball pitchers," Torre said, "when they are a little strong tend not to
have sinkerballs."

"I think the best thing you can do in these situations is just make the most of
it," Neagle said. "Try to have some fun."

How good?

Even with Ken Griffey Jr. and Randy Johnson in uniform, the Mariners could not
past the ALCS. Yet there is an opinion on the team that this Seattle roster may
be the strongest in franchise history.

"This is a true team, with everyone doing something, everyone contributing,"
said DH Edgar Martinez, a mainstay since 1987. "For pitching and defense, this
is the best."

"We don't have the star power we once did," shortstop Alex Rodriguez said. " We
don't score 10 runs a game. We had some pitching in 1995 and 1997. But it wasn't
close to what we have now."

The Mariners' team ERA was 4.49, second in the AL. The starting rotation's ERA
of 4.56 was second only to Boston. The bullpen recorded a 1.93 ERA against
Chicago in the division series.

Roster work

The Yankees will not finalize their roster until this morning, when Torre gets a
final read on the availability of reliever Jason Grimsley. Elbow chips were
detected in his pitching arm in late September.

Piniella made his last choices Monday, adding utility man Charles Gipson, an
infielder-outfielder with speed. Rookie left-hander Rob Ramsay is on the roster
in place of righty Joel Pinero.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       July 29, 2000 Saturday 2D EDITION

Reconstructed Rocks still can't finagle win Ex-teammate Wright shuts down
sluggers

BYLINE: By Mike Klis, Denver Post Sports Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-05

LENGTH: 723 words


MILWAUKEE - Just like the fans at home, Dan O'Dowd takes in  most of the
Rockies' road games from the television set.

These days, it's easy to picture O'Dowd watching the game with  a portable phone
at each ear, one eye on the TV and the other on  the Rockies' future.

What O'Dowd saw Friday night from Milwaukee County Stadium,  though, was a
reminder that no matter how hard he works, or how  well he executes his plan,
there may be no tougher job in baseball  than trying to build a team into a
winner while playing half its  games at high-hitting Coors Field and the other
half at more  reasonable ballparks.

Before a smallish crowd on a muggy summer night, Jamey Wright  shut out his
former club for seven innings as the woeful Milwaukee  Brewers easily beat ace
Pedro Astacio and the skidding Rockies,  5-0.

'That's not the same guys who scored 11 runs yesterday,' said  Wright, who had
been burned himself by the Rockies' puzzlingly  inept road attack in past years.
'They're not seeing that sharp  break on the curveball. They're not seeing that
sharp sinker,  which actually wasn't as sharp today, but the changeup is going
to  bite. It makes a difference.'

Since beating San Diego 3-1 on July 3, the Rockies have lost  10 consecutive
road games, tying a club record. The team has gone  4-19 since that holiday-eve
victory against the Padres and are now  three games below .500 in a season where
it has never been lower  than four games under.

'Yeah, I'm sick of it. We're all sick of it,' Rockies manager  Buddy Bell said.
'We're all sick of the way we're playing. We  can't get anything going. Yeah,
it's frustrating. We know we're  better than this. We've played better than
this. I just don't have  any answers.'

O'Dowd made a gazillion moves last winter, nine more roster  changes in the past
12 days, and all of them made sense,  especially when thinking ahead to next
year. Bu no matter how  O'Dowd shakes up the roster, how is he supposed to fix
the  can't-perform-at-Coors Field factor for pitchers and
can't-perform-away-from-Coors Field factor for hitters?

Wright outdueling Astacio. Who among those Rockies fans  watching at home would
have believed that last year? As he grew up  in the Colorado farm system, then
with the big league team, Wright  gave Rockies fans glimpses of his top-flight
potential, but could  never sustain it.

People wondered. How good could Wright become if he didn't  have to grow up
making half his starts at Coors Field? Against the  Rockies' road lineup Friday,
Wright was plenty good. He got Larry  Walker to bounce into an inning-ending
double play in the first.  After Jeffrey Hammonds led off the second with a
double, Wright  came back to strike out Todd Helton.

This was the second time Wright has faced the Rockies this  year and both of
those starts were away from Coors Field. His ERA  against the Rockies: 0.60 (one
run in 15 innings).

'When I was coming up in the minor leagues, I was a big  prospect guy, went
through Double-A and Triple-A like it was  pretty easy, and then I go to Coors
Field and it's a different  ballgame,' Wright said. 'The pitches aren't moving
the same, and  that took a lot to deal with. I was wondering how I would do in a

  different place.'   When he left Colorado via a blockbuster,
O'Dowd-orchestrated trade last December, Wright had a 25-33 big  league record
and 5.57 ERA. This year, his first away from Coors  Field, Wright nearly blew
out his shoulder in spring training, yet  came back to post a 6-4 record and an
impressive 3.52 ERA for the Brewers.

Meanwhile, the new Rockies' rotation is 23-41 with a 6.18 ERA.

'The difference between now and the last couple years is when  we were pitching,
we were making minimum wage,' Wright said,  referring to the young rotations of
Rockies past that included  John Thomson, Roger Bailey and Mark Thompson among
others. 'Now  they've got guys making $ 3 million, $ 4 million, $ 6 million
doing  the exact same thing we were doing. It might always be that way.'

O'Dowd doesn't need to hear that. With a trade here and a  roster change there,
he can hope that playing winning baseball in  and out of the mountains isn't as
hard as moving them.


LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Associated Press Ex-Rockie Jamey Wright held down his former
team with seven shutout innings Friday night. Milwaukee's Ron Belliard connects
for a triple in the second inning.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 12, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Letters: Sandbagging celebrities is specialty of NBC reporters

BYLINE: JARED B. FLEMING, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 228 words

There they go again --- NBC, that is. Sandbagging the celebrities they interview
must be their specialty. They tried it on Pete Rose (not my favorite ballplayer)
during the World Series, and now on Texas Gov. George W. Bush in New Hampshire
("Bush flunks reporter's pop quiz," Nov. 5).

Their modus operandi goes like this: Finagle an interview with a guy you don't
like, concoct the most embarrassing questions you can think of, then out of the
blue, sock it to 'em.

The interviewer asked Bush to name the heads of state of those famous countries
that everybody who is anybody knows about --- Chechnya, Taiwan, India and
Pakistan. George W. didn't know, so NBC scored the big coup.

So what happened next? Albert Gore, bless his heart, jumped up and down,
shouting, "I know, I know!" just like Eddie Haskell in 10th grade. Of course he
knew; he had time to look it up.

What lesson should we all have learned from this little fracas? First, if you're
in public life, never grant an interview to NBC. Second, how can George W. Bush,
who is running one of the largest states in the union and conducting a
nationwide campaign, have time to know the minutiae of every second- and
third-world country?

One more NBC entrapment scenario and even the candidates of the left will start
thinking twice about talking to their reporters.
JARED B. FLEMING, Roswell

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Wall Street's Rivalries Yield in Drive to Help Neediest Cases

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section 1; Page 45; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 393 words


Wall Street analysts usually regard their competitors with suspicion. They know
that if they do not haggle and finagle and strategize and painstakingly search
for the slightest edge, they will fall victim to firms that do. But once in a
while, the soldiers of the financial world call a truce.

In recent months, several of these companies have united to raise money for The
New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. On Thursday, they delivered an envelope to
the fund stuffed with hundreds of checks totaling $77,507. With the current
appeal ending today, these donations will reduce a large shortfall in the
Neediest Cases' 81st annual campaign.

"We don't have a lot of time on our hands, but we can knock on doors from office
to office for 10 minutes every now and then to ask for donations," said Isabelle
Trempe, an analyst at Salomon Brothers who was a coordinator of the Wall Street
campaign. "Although we are not down in the trenches in the soup kitchens, we
wanted to do whatever we could."

From All Levels

Donations were collected from analysts, managing directors, secretaries and
other staff members at Bear, Stearns; Dean Witter Reynolds; Dillon, Read;
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities; Goldman, Sachs; Merrill Lynch; Morgan
Stanley; Paine Webber; Prudential Securities, and Salomon Brothers.

The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund helps tens of thousands of people who are
spending this winter without food, shelter, clothing and health care. The fund
was born in 1911 after Adolph S. Ochs, the publisher of The Times, decided that
his readers would be eager to contribute if only they knew about the suffering
around them.

The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all donations go directly to seven
charities. This year's campaign is down about $400,000 compared with last year's
contributions at this point.

Ms. Trempe, 24, said she hoped the firms' efforts would help dispel the image of
Wall Street as a callous and selfish place.

"People have this impression after seeing movies like 'Wall Street' that the
people here are ruthless," she said. "But we are generous. We are competitors on
the Street, but for things like charities, I have never seen so much
cohesiveness. I was really overwhelmed by that."

Previously recorded . . . $4,313,571.38
Recorded yesterday . . . $140,463.09

Total . . . $4,454,034.47

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 19, 2016 Monday
                                Regional Edition

The Daily 202: Democrats with 2020 ambitions finagle the committee assignments
that boosted Clinton and Kaine

BYLINE: James Hohmann

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 769 words


Hillary Clinton joined the Senate Armed Services Committee  after the Sept. 11
attacks, a central element of the strategy to rebrand herself as a
tough-as-nails American version of Margaret Thatcher after eight years as first
lady. Clinton often mentioned her work on this committee in 2008 and still
brought it up in 2016, after four years as secretary of state. The relationships
she forged while on the panel prompted a lot of retired brass and veterans'
advocates to support her who might not have otherwise.

Tim Kaine was the first statewide elected official outside of Illinois to
endorse Barack Obama when he launched his long-shot 2008 campaign, and his
loyalty got the then-Virginia governor on the short-list for vice president. But
Obama, himself a first-term senator, passed over Kaine for Joe Biden because he
lacked foreign policy experience. This is why, after he got elected to the
Senate in 2012, the freshman sought out spots on the Armed Services and Foreign
Relations committees. By 2016, no one questioned his bona fides.

Clinton considered both Sens. Cory Booker (N.J.) and Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) as
potential running mates, but a big knock on both was their lack of foreign
policy experience. This calculus seems quaint now, but Clinton World feared that
choosing either of them might undercut one of the Democratic ticket's best
contrasts with Donald Trump.

Booker and Warren very clearly want to seek the presidency in 2020. And both
recognize the need for some kind of experience in this arena. Last week they
took big steps to shore up their shared liability: Warren joined Armed Services,
and Booker gave up his seat on the Homeland Security Committee to jump to
Foreign Relations.

Both committees carry real cache and bring with them classified intelligence
briefings, as well as the chance to travel the world on congressional
delegations. They offer a platform to speak about issues such as Russia's
alleged interference in the U.S. election, the atrocities in Aleppo and the Iran
nuclear deal.

Kaine pulling himself out of the 2020 sweepstakes has created an opportunity in
this space for Booker and Warren. The junior senator from Virginia gets that
there's no obvious path to the nomination for him at this juncture. He
intuitively understands that the base of the party right now has little appetite
for a mild-mannered white guy who makes dad jokes to be its standard-bearer.
Although he represents the purple state of Virginia, Kaine believes that he can
more effectively be a Senate elder statesman.

Booker and Warren will join these committees on the eve of high-profile
confirmation hearings.

Booker will have an important platform during the made-for-cable Democratic
grilling of ExxonMobil chief executive Rex Tillerson, Trump's pick for secretary
of state.

Warren will be involved in the confirmation hearing for secretary of defense
nominee James Mattis. Remember Warren's devastating takedown of Wells Fargo
chief executive John Stumpf when he testified before the Banking Committee in
September? Mattis will be the first retired general since George Marshall to get
a waiver to serve as defense secretary, a potential flash point, but he's also
widely respected and should have a much easier time coasting through.

Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, is the
master at using the confirmation process to get presidential appointees from
both parties to make commitments on things he cares about, which he then
doggedly holds them to. Warren could play a similar role, if she's savvy about
it.

Another Democratic senator to keep an eye on for 2020: New York's Kirsten
Gillibrand. She inherited her seat by appointment (including the slot on Armed
Services) after Clinton resigned to become secretary of state. Gillibrand has
used her perch on the committee to target sexual assaults in the military, an
issue that has helped bolster her national brand and improved her standing with
women's groups.

What will be Warren's issue? Every smart politician who wants to run for higher
office identifies an issue or two to claim as their own. Kaine used his
platforms to become the most outspoken advocate in the legislative branch for
getting Congress to formally authorize the use of military force against the
Islamic State, for example. Warren already has Wall Street reform. Maybe she'll
use Armed Services as an avenue to look out for service members who get taken
advantage of by big financial institutions? It seems implausible that she will
refashion herself as a hawk a la Clinton. That's just too off brand.

james.hohmann@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 9, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

5/9/96;
THE LATEST IN MUSIC, VIDEOS AND BOOKS;
NEW MUSIC;
REVIEW;
"Mission to Please";
Isley Brothers. Island/T-Neck. 10 tracks. CD/cassette. OOO THE VERDICT;
Well, well, well . . . done.;
CD OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: Sonia Murray

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 04D

LENGTH: 262 words



Isley Brothers regroup, undertake new 'Mission'

Scan your radio dial these days and you'll quickly surmise that Ron Isley is to
urban contemporary music what James Brown and George Clinton are to hip- hop:
all over it.

Quincy Jones' No. 1 contemporary jazz album "Q's Jook Joint," R. Kelly's No.  8
R&B album "R. Kelly," and the recent No. 3 "Don't Be a Menace" soundtrack all
boast the satiny "Well, well, wells" and easy riffs of Ron.

However, unlike Brown and Clinton, Isley has been able to finagle his hip status
among the younger set into some new hipness of his own.

"Mission to Please" may have Kelly ("Let's Lay Together," "Mission to Please,
Can I Have a Kiss?"), Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds ("Tears") and Keith Sweat
("Slow Is the Way") in its production lineup, but the Isleys' smooth soul is
undoubtedly the main attraction. Too often older acts that enlist younger
talents get overpowered by "the latest sound," shortchanging longtime listeners
and stunting any hopes of a comeback.

Luckily, the Isley Brothers still feel confident about their time- tested sexual
prowess when it comes to a ballad. And it was a wise move to add a woman's touch
(producer Angela Winbush, Ron's wife) to this heavy lovemaking set.

Which is what may be a little disheartening to devout Isley fans. That sweaty,
up-tempo thump of "Harvest for the World" or "It's Your Thing" is nowhere
around. It seems the Isley Brothers are no longer a band. It's a singer backed
by two musicians who are incredible but don't get to show it much.

Access code: 210

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Isley Brothers: Ernie (left), Ronald and Marvin. / Island
 Black Music

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 12, 2011 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Propulsive, Stylized Spectacle, in Which Bodies Lurch Backward

BYLINE: By CLAUDIA LA ROCCO

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; DANCE REVIEW; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 568 words


Is there a better group of people to finagle into intense audience participation
than the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater faithful? They are always primed for
engagement: witness the anticipatory ''Revelations'' cheers as the lights dim or
the ecstatic midperformance shout-outs. (Forget the path of righteousness; it is
usually the ''Sinner Man'' section that draws the most raucous response,
especially from women.)

On Friday night at New York City Center Ailey fans had a chance to strut their
stuff on stage -- and how -- in the company premiere of the Israeli
choreographer Ohad Naharin's ''Minus 16'' (1999). A razzle-dazzle sampler piece
based on excerpts from Mr. Naharin's previous dances, it features an extended
social-dance romp between the performers and the audience members they select on
the spot. This can lead to terribly awkward encounters, but it didn't with these
guest dancers, many of whom upstaged their professional partners with their
strutting, hamming and, in one memorable case, grabbing a rear end.

Even without such, er, serendipitous interactions, ''Minus 16'' is a canny
addition by Ailey's artistic director, Robert Battle. A propulsive, voluptuous
spectacle whose apparent differences from the repertory are merely superficial,
it plays to the dancers' skills and wows the audience without rocking any boats.

Mr. Naharin often deals in emotional extremes and stylized violence. In the
opening segment the dancers, in suits they will eventually rip from their
bodies, sit on chairs arranged in a sweeping semicircle. They periodically rise,
flinging their bodies back in dramatic arcs or chanting; one individual casts
himself repeatedly to the floor. Another jackhammers up into the air, rigid.

Everything is pushed, premeditated. There is barely space to breathe. The same
is true in a different way of the silly ''Revelations'' deluxe edition, with an
expanded cast of 50, which ended Friday's show.

The program's middle section, comprising new productions of ''Streams'' (1970)
and ''Journey'' (1958), was perhaps meant to function as a breather between two
juggernaut dances. But it was interminable.

Alvin Ailey's ''Streams'' is a continuous, pallid flow of abstract groupings,
the leggings-and-unitard-clad dancers surging out along diagonals to Miloslav
Kabelac's crystalline ''Eight Inventions'' (Op. 45). Ailey's language is
rendered in thornier, more geometric tones than usual, but this shift comes
across as a stylistic exercise more than a necessary means of saying something
urgent or deeply felt. The emotions here are modern-dance boilerplate.

Joyce Trisler's ''Journey'' is a vehicle for a powerful female performer. Friday
night it was Alicia Graf Mack. Wearing Malcolm McCormick's flowing white shift
and long-sleeved unitard, this lone woman responds to Charles Ives's moody
''Unanswered Question,'' performed live.

Three of the musicians sat on stage, but the trumpeter, Joshua Frank, stood in
the first balcony, and his mournful, martial interjections came like slightly
menacing warning shots.

With her endless limbs and projection of grand yet internal drama, Ms. Graf Mack
is glorious to behold. She deserves better material than this mannered and
airless take on the mysterious quest, which doesn't actually give her anywhere
to go at all.

The season continues through Jan. 1 at City Center, 131 West 55th Street,
Manhattan; (212) 581-1212, nycitycenter.org.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater: Kirven J. Boyd holding Ghrai
DeVore in Ohad Naharin's ''Minus 16.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANDREA MOHIN/THE NEW YORK
TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     October 17, 1995 Tuesday Final Edition

Suspense-filled Dead Calm shows off Nicole Kidman's early acting strengths

BYLINE: By Jeff Mahoney

SECTION: NOW; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 332 words


Nicole Kidman, who is getting very strong reviews in her new movie, To Die For,
shows her early form in Dead Calm, showing tonight on CITY-TV.

She is paired up with Sam Neill, of Jurassic Park fame, in this sea-borne
thriller.

The role is not a terribly demanding one for Kidman, but she does manage to
bring a certain presence to it.

She plays a woman who is out with her husband on their boat. They pick up a
castaway (Billy Zane). Big, big mistake.

Didn't their parents ever tell them not to pick up hitchhikers, not even on the
high seas?

All manner of mayhem ensues once the castaway finagles his way onto their boat.

The mystery and terror are handled deftly and with an impeccable sense of
timing.

As with all the really great thrillers, the slash and gore are kept to a
minimum, leaving the viewer's imagination to do the work, which is always the
best recipe for suspense.

Dead Calm (1988) is on at 9 p.m. It runs for two hours.

It pains me to recommend a baseball game.

After the strike, which really was a showcase of world-class greed and contempt
for the fans, I am still hoping that the entire sport, at the major league
level, takes it right in the neck.

But, the current playoff series between the Cleveland Indians and the Seattle
Mariners does seem to be rising above the general tenor that baseball has fallen
into. The games are exciting, the teams well-matched, and all the action seems
to be happening on the field.

The sixth game of the series goes tonight at 8 p.m. on NBC and CTV.

At 9 p.m. PBS's Frontline has its season premiere.

The topic of the kick-off show is the FBI siege of the Branch Davidian compound
in Waco, Texas. The event remains more than a footnote to America's
ever-unfolding, new-headline-every-minute saga of violence, gunplay and
religious fanaticism, largely because of the current wave of terrorist attacks
which are being linked back to Waco, ostensibly as reprisal against the U.S.
government.

Frontline is on PBS.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kidman

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 1995 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 13, 2013 Saturday

Word game: July 13, 2013

BYLINE: United Feature Syndicate Inc.

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 223 words


bc-game adv13 6-6

FROM UNIVERSAL UCLICK

WORD GAME by Kathleen Saxe

FOR RELEASE: Saturday, July 13, 2013 TODAY'S WORD -- TEMPURA (TEMPURA:
tem-POOR-uh: A dish of seafood and vegetables, batter-fried.) Average mark 30
words Time limit 40 minutes Can you find 44 or more words in TEMPURA?

The list will be published Monday. YESTERDAY'S WORD -- FINAGLE fail fang feign
file final finale fine flag flan flange flea fling ingle naif nail agile alien
align angel angle anil anile gain gale genial glean glen lain lane leaf lean
liane lief lien life linage line ling elan elfin Did you find any words not on
the list? RULES OF THE GAME: 1. Words must be of four or more letters. 2. Words
that acquire four letters by the addition of "s," such as "bats" or "dies," are
not allowed. 3. Additional words made by adding a "d" or an "s" may not be used.
For example, if "bake" is used, "baked" or "bakes" are not allowed, but "bake"
and "baking" are admissible. 4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually
explicit words are not allowed. To contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe,
write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, Universal Uclick, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas
City, MO 64106. (EDITORS: For editorial questions, please contact Alan McDermott
at amcdermottamuniversal.com .) COPYRIGHT 2013 UNITED FEATURE SYNDICATE
DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK FOR UFS

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              April 4, 2008 Friday

Pro traveler shares cheap tricks

BYLINE: Bailey Davis

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 462 words


Ron Stern gave a lecture on how to finagle a low-cost trip to just about
anywhere.

By Baylie Davis

bdavis@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Ron Stern, a travel photojournalist, has gotten plane tickets for the
price of a piece of candy.

A retired police officer-turned-travel writer, he presented his tips for cheap
travel around the world at the Laramie County Library Thursday evening.

Stern highlighted dozens of Web sites that aid the travel-minded but
budget-conscious in finding cheap airline fares, hotel rooms and alternative
vacations.

He shared stories about his experiences in getting free flights using credit
card frequent flyer miles.

For example, he applied for a credit card that gave him several thousand miles
at sign-up and more bonus miles in exchange for a purchase.

So, he charged a mint patty for one cent, trying to out-do his previous record
of a free flight from a 15 cent Tootsie Pop. He got his bonus miles, which added
up to be enough for a ticket, and never did have to pay that one cent.

Sometimes, he said, you can even get the credit card company to waive the annual
fee. You might have to call several times to get different operators, but it
happens, he said.

Stern also let the audience in on little-known secrets like www.travelglich.com,
which can result in free trips if you're persistent and quick enough.

He also suggested looking into alternative vacations, like travel by freighter
ship instead of cruise ship. That can mean being on the ocean for several weeks
for a similar price as a traditional week-long cruise would be.

Stern suggested looking into being a caretaker or exchanging room and board for
a skill you might have.

He suggested dude ranch vacations, local points of interest and hostels - some
of which are nice places, similar to hotels, he said.

Insurance isn't a bad idea while overseas. Stern even had suggestions for
insuring yourself and getting trips home if you're injured.

See TRAVEL, page A7

All of these tips have Web sites that can help make travel plans.

About 100 people sat in the Cottonwood presentation room at the library for
Stern's lecture. Many asked questions about their own travel woes and said they
appreciated the tips.

Jennifer Rife, community and media relations specialist at the library, said she
was happy with the turnout and the presentation as a whole.

Teresa Moore said the presentation made her "want to get up and go somewhere."

She learned to be persistent and to delve deeper into what's available, she
said.

"We have some vacationing to do this summer," said Mary Anne Kiel, with her
young daughter in tow.

Stern said later that he gets paid to do one of the best jobs in the world. He
hopes that his audience will come away with a better understanding of how to
utilize the Internet to find good deals.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 8, 1992, Thursday, State Edition

Hitting the road for Drulia

BYLINE: BRIAN LANDMAN; CAMMY CLARK

SECTION: SPORTS; LIGHTNING NOTEBOOK; LIGHTNING EXTRA; Pg. 3H

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Tron Luttrell and Carol Cinnamon altered their vacation schedules and drove  13
1/2 hours from Knoxville, Tenn., to see the Lightning's opener and, most of
all, right wing Stan Drulia.

Luttrell worked for the Knoxville Cherokees of the East Coast Hockey  League,
which is where Drulia played two seasons ago.

"We decided to take a late one (vacation) and come here," said Luttrell.  "It
looked like he had a good shot, and things have worked out really well."

Luttrell, 46, who attended the University of Tampa and graduated from St.
Petersburg Junior College, said the Lightning will be his adopted NHL team.

"I love hockey," he said. "The only regret I have growing up down south  is that
there's no hockey, but now "

Desperately seeking scalpers

Talk about hot tickets. Kerry Thompson of Tampa spent Wednesday morning,
afternoon and early evening desperately trying to finagle tickets to the
opener.

An hour before game time, he and about 20 other people were looking for
scalpers. But he wasn't willing to go $ 50 for a $ 34 ticket. At least not at
that point.

"We had season tickets, but wouldn't you know the people we went in on  them
with were from Chicago," Thompson said.

"It's the first time in my life I was happy to see scalpers," said  Lightning
executive officer David LeFevre.

Religious commitment

The Lightning's first game was also the first for Gil Stein as NHL  president.
Stein, who is Jewish, spent Tuesday night in temple for Yom Kippur  -  the Day
of Atonement and the holiest day for Jews.

"Last night I couldn't go to a game, but I felt tonight, the game started  after
sundown (the end of the holiday), so I could be here," he said.

Ziegler feels sense of relief

Former NHL president John Ziegler said he couldn't have been more excited  than
he was Wednesday night. And relieved. There were times when the Lightning
franchise was on thin ice.

"Some people didn't believe in it as much as Phil (Esposito) and I did,"  he
said. "It was on the brink."

Ziegler credited Tampa Mayor Sandy Freedman's support as key to convincing  any
non-believers that hockey in Florida could work.

"There were a few anxious moments, but a lot of hard work paid off," she  said.
"I haven't seen an arena yet, but I knew I'd see this."

A sign of fame

Stein was so recognizable to the fans -  maybe it was his black tuxedo -  that
he was mobbed before the game by autograph seekers.

"They don't know the players yet, so they settle for me," he said.

Steinbrenner's pleased

Onetime Lightning investor George Steinbrenner said he had no regrets about  no
longer being part of the franchise.

"I'm so happy for the people that are," said Steinbrenner. "Esposito  wouldn't
be denied, and the people from Japan are so nice."

Lightning hands Chicago

a stifling power outage

Chicago, which was one of the worst teams scoring on power plays last year
(18th in the league at 17.3 percent), failed to score on eight power plays
Wednesday.

"They didn't have many shots on their power plays," Lightning goaltender
Wendell Young said. "The guys took it away in the neutral zone. That was the
difference."

Lightning defenseman Rob Ramage said the key was that he and his teammates  came
out just as aggressive - if not more so - than the always-physical  Blackhawks.

"We have enough guys that have played in the Norris Division and have seen
enough of Chicago over the years to know you have to counter (their
aggressiveness)," he said. "And what the heck. It's our building. There's no
reason for us to play back on our heals."

In contrast, the Lightning scored on 3 of 10 power-play opportunities. Last
year, Chicago was stopped 84.2 percent - second-best in the NHL.

"We played poorly, but give them credit, they came out hard and played  well,"
Chicago star defenseman Chris Chelios said. "I don't think it would  have
mattered if it were Tampa Bay or St. Louis. They were ready, and we  weren't."

Awesome performance

Lightning left winger Rob Zamuner, who had three assists, marveled at the  play
of Chris Kontos and his four-goal performance.

"This guy was awesome," he said. "Maybe I should touch him and play the
lottery."

The stars of the game, as voted by the media, were: Kontos, Zamuner and
defenseman Joe Reekie, who had two assists.

- BRIAN LANDMAN and CAMMY CLARK

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            February 27, 2006 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

MANY BILLS BUT FEW LAWS;
CONGRESS MEMEBERS FINAGLE INSTEAD OF PUSHING FOR A VOTE

BYLINE: By Lisa Friedman Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 1314 words


WASHINGTON - Barely a month into the session, Congress has introduced more than
150 bills that would do everything from preserving American Indian languages to
appropriating federal funds to clean perchlorate-contaminated groundwater.

But whatever happened to the hundreds of bills from last year - particularly
ones introduced with such fanfare by Southern California lawmakers to repeal the
phone tax, create health programs for minorities and, yes, to clean up
perchlorate?

The short answer: Not much.

Of the nearly 200 bills introduced last year by Southland lawmakers, only about
a dozen have made it into law. And of those, seven were simple resolutions
expressing congressional support for such things as preventing teen violence or
observing the 60th anniversary in 2005 of Victory in Europe Day. One was to name
a post office after actor Karl Malden.

Analysts said the low success rates are hardly atypical. It's a reflection, many
said, of a system in which only a select few - those with power and those with
seniority - have the juice to turn a bill into a law.

``Most bills introduced go nowhere,'' said Thomas Mann, a congressional scholar
at the Brookings Institution, a nonpartisan think tank in Washington, D.C.

Last year, the House and Senate introduced more than 8,300 bills and
resolutions. Of those, 174, or about 2 percent, became law.

The average was slightly better in the 108th Congress when the president signed
4 percent of more than 9,900 bills.

``You've got a bazillion bills out there, and you've got 435 members vying for
attention,'' said Geoffrey James, a longtime Capitol Hill aide and spokesman for
Rep. Howard ``Buck'' McKeon, R-Santa Clarita.

Getting a bill passed is no small undertaking.

``The system is designed to slow the passage of legislation,'' James said,
noting that the Founding Fathers, in their wisdom of creating checks and
balances, ``were trying to gum up the works.''

Rep. Brad Sherman, D-Sherman Oaks, said he is concerned about the low number of
bills that pass, but is more concerned that so few of them get even a hearing.

``Too many important bills are never debated,'' he said.

GOP bragging rights

In the meantime, the system leaves GOP members, particularly those in the
leadership, with far more bragging rights at the year's end than their
Democratic counterparts.

Rep. Elton Gallegly, R-Thousand Oaks, for example, got five resolutions passed
on international issues. He also got a bill providing grants to help local
prosecutors prosecute ``cold hit'' DNA cases through the House, and it is
expected to clear the Senate.

McKeon, meanwhile, got legislation passed to improve access to job training,
while his major bill to reauthorize the Higher Education Act still awaits
action.

Some say calculating the number of bills a politician gets passed in a given
year is a poor measure of power or effectiveness.

After all, Rep. Bill Thomas, R-Bakersfield, the chairman of the House Ways and
Means Committee, did not need legislation to nab more than $700 million for Kern
County roads in a transportation bill last year, about 10 times as much as Los
Angeles received.

Similarly, the $130 million that Rep. Howard Berman, D-Van Nuys, obtained for
the 405 Freeway in that bill also didn't come from legislation, but from quiet
negotiations.

Bill passage also doesn't reflect the use of back-room maneuvering or
parliamentary tactics like the ones employed by Rep. Adam Schiff, D- Pasadena,
to get a hearing in the House International Relations Committee on his bill to
recognize the Armenian Genocide.

Schiff had threatened to bring an amendment to a State Department bill on the
genocide in June - just as the Turkish prime minister was visiting Washington.
To avoid an internationally embarrassing situation, House leaders granted Schiff
the hearing.

The bill didn't pass, and isn't expected to pass at any time soon. Nevertheless,
Schiff said the hearing brought ``tremendous momentum'' to the issue, and he
counts it as one of his top achievements of 2005.

Legislative stew

Schiff got a resolution passed to honor the Big Brothers Big Sisters program,
and he saw major Senate action on a bill he has to turn 500,000 acres in
Southern California, known as the Rim of the Valley, into federally protected
park land. He also managed to get portions of bills he has dealing with nuclear
terrorism, port security, gang violence and the detaining of enemy combatants
worked into larger legislation.

Indeed, lawmakers said, it's far more common to weave a portion of one's bill
into a larger measure than to pass legislation verbatim.

``It's a stew, and you throw your ingredients in there and hope that they
stick,'' Sherman said of the process.

President George W. Bush, for example, recently signed an executive order
beefing up compliance with the Freedom of Information Act, a measure that
included some of the provisions Sherman had been pushing for.

An immigration bill that Bush signed contained a watered-down version of
legislation authored by Gallegly prohibiting federal agencies from accepting
foreign consular identification cards. A separate immigration bill poised to hit
the Senate this week includes a Gallegly measure making sure employers at
critical infrastructure sites know the immigration status of their workers.

A spending bill for health and human services programs last year included some
of legislation Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Los Angeles, introduced to prevent members
of federal science advisory boards from having to meet political ``litmus
tests'' and prohibiting them from making false or misleading statements on
science.

Political advertising

Some lawmakers say they know full well many of their bills have little chance of
passing from the outset.

So why even bother?

``It's called political advertising,'' said Mann of the Brookings Institute.
``It's a way of showing concern for issues. It's about members showing their
interest in dealing with problems they think their constituents are concerned
about.''

Waxman introduced 22 bills last year on everything from establishing an
independent commission to prevent fraud and abuse in responding to Hurricane
Katrina, to raising the standards for political appointees in public safety
positions, to banning toxins in children's toys.

Two passed: a bill commemorating Simon Wiesenthal and legislation renaming a
post office after actor Malden.

At the same time, though, Waxman's office produced an endless stream of
investigative reports on Medicare, abstinence programs, pesticide testing on
humans, nursing homes, drinking water and more. A Lexis/Nexis search of his name
for 2005 produced more than 1,000 hits.

``You can't give up. It's important to put out there what the law should be,
even if you recognize you're in the minority, and the majority is never going to
let the bill come up, and the administration is never going to let the bill come
up,'' Waxman spokeswoman Karen Lightfoot said.

And, she noted, oversight Waxman conducted in his role on the House Government
Reform Committee of issues like steroid use in Major League Baseball and mine
safety also produced changes that legislation might never have.

Finally, some lawmakers eschew bills altogether.

Berman, D-Van Nuys, introduced only one measure last year, addressing civil
liberties issues in the Patriot Act. But his spokeswoman Gene Smith said Berman
is known for employing a tactic many Democrats say they use - joining up on
issues with Republicans, letting the GOP member with leadership clout be named
up top.

Among the examples Smith cited: patent reform bills Berman has worked on with
Rep. Rick Boucher, R-Va.; a bill Berman has pushed with McKeon to repeal Social
Security provisions that they feel unfairly target police officers, teachers and
other public servants; and AgJobs, a major guest-worker bill that Utah
Republican Chris Cannon is carrying.

Lisa Friedman, (202) 662-8731

lisa.friedman@langnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 5 photos, box
 Photo: (1) Rep. Howard Berman (2) Rep. Elton Gallegly (3) Rep. Howard ``Buck''
McKeon (4) Rep. Brad Sherman (5) Rep. Henry Waxman Box: How they fared SOURCE:
Congressional Records

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 25, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Game time;
Dave & Buster's is never short on entertainment

BYLINE: BY JANICE OKUN - News Restaurant Reviewer

SECTION: GUSTO; Pg. G16

LENGTH: 728 words


Anyone out there not heard of Dave & Buster's? Well, where have you been? It's a
newly opened, gigantic sports-oriented game room attached to Eastern Hills Mall,
part of a chain. Oh, yes -- they serve food and beverages also.

So OK, it's a given that most people are not coming here for food. They come to
watch sports on one of the zillion TV sets; they come to get scores and odds for
the games of the day. (Like a Las Vegas sports book in a way, but there's no
betting -- at least not officially.)

People also come to bowl or to play pool or shoot baskets or finagle with that
claw machine that has never, ever yielded a prize. If you are a 10-year-old kid,
you will love it.

You might even love it if you're an adult. The choice of (nonviolent)
computerized games is vast, and even if you have to pay to play, there's wiggle
room. D&B (no not that D&B) offers a game/dinner combination called Eat and Play
Power Combo until closing on Sundays and Thursdays, and until 5 p.m. on Fridays
and Saturdays. You get a choice of nine entrees and a $10 game card for $14.99.

We grabbed it.

Unlike the menu, the dining room here is small, kind of tucked into the corner
of this warehouse-sized space. Three TV sets are located within 50 feet of every
table, but the sound is turned off unless it's a big game. They try to do the
right thing. There are white tablecloths and cloth napkins on the tables.

And so -- we finally come to the food. Well, the Michelin guide wouldn't give
this place three stars, but it's not all that bad. I ordered Dave's
Cheeseburger-Cheeseburger, which was huge-huge. True, it was a little better
done than ordered, and true, it was covered with a single slice of American
cheese which, er, didn't seem to know the burger intimately. It must have been
applied at the last moment, a little too late to melt. Another truth: The
lettuce and tomato salad was strictly of the going-through-the-motions school.

But I cannot deny that the french fries were fresh, crisp and plentiful.

Moving right along to another Eat and Play entree, we also tried the half rack
of Jack Daniel's BBQ Ribs, which featured lots of thick, sweet sauce. Again, not
fabulous, but better than mediocre. Accompanying mashed potatoes were mediocre.
They were topped with bits of fried onion or something, and they were heavy,
heavy, heavy. Shall we use the word leaden?

You want to know what was good, though? And I do mean really good. As an a la
carte dish, from the appetizer section, Spicy Shrimp and Avocado Quesadillas
($8.29) were full of seafood and just spicy enough. They were generously served
along with salsa, sour cream and guacamole. (There wasn't enough guacamole
though -- but then there never is. The world can be a cruel place sometimes.)

Desserts, also a la carte, were predictably big and predictably over-sweet.
Banana Foster Pie ($5.99) was based on banana pudding, topped with fresh sliced
bananas and some good caramel sauce. I hereby give it a C-plus.

The New York Cheesecake topped with some roasted pecans and more of that sauce
was better.

By the time we had finished, the first football game was just going on, and the
place was filling up. If only I had a dollar for all those Bills sweat shirts.

But for us it was on to the other electronic games, to a stunning basketball
exhibition by the Companion and a pretty good horse-racing run by me.

And a prize, a real prize! The redemption center took my tickets and gave me a
magnificent red-ribbon-wrapped ballpoint with a pointed red jester's cap growing
from its top. The label said it was a Jingle Bells pen.

So never mind our dinner, who cares? The Jingle Bells pen has made me very
happy.

DAVE & BUSTER'S

Review: 2 1/2 stars (Out of 4)

WHERE: 4545 Transit Road, Williamsville. (635-5075) Over-Stimulation, Inc. This
is a game room with restaurant and bar facilities attached. It's part of a chain
with lots of flashing lights, music and excitement. Credit Cards: American
Express, MasterCard, Visa.

FAVORITE DISH: Shrimp and Avocado Quesadillas

NEEDS WORK: Mashed potatoes

PRICE RANGE: Dinner entrees from around $12 include vegetable garnish. Eat and
Play deal is $14.99.

SERVICE: Very good

NOISE LEVEL: High!

HOURS: Seven days, lunch and dinner from 11 a.m. No reservations accepted.

HEALTHY CHOICES: Chargrilled salmon, many salads

WHEELCHAIR ACCESS: Yes

PARKING: In the lot.

KID APPEAL: Heaven.

e-mail: jokun@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Wippert/Buffalo NewsCorrine Sanders serves a meal to Chuck, Cathy
and Marisa Hubbard of Tonawanda recently in Dave & Buster's at the Eastern Hills
Mall.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Restaurant Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday

Crowds gather in downtown Rochester for 'Spider-Man' filming

BYLINE: Mike Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 487  words


Mike Cobbs has one cool story to tell his kids about the day he left work at the
Brown and Hutchinson law firm on State Street to head downstairs and watch the
filming of a Hollywood movie just outside the Crossroads Building.

Filming for a chase scene in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" began April 30, and drew
crowds of onlookers to Downtown Rochester.

Scores of folks headed outside to the corner of Main and State streets during
the noon hour Tuesday to see crews finagle a chase scene and crash involving New
York City police cars and taxi cabs.

Police cars, lights flashing, sped down Main Street. Then, they'd back up, reset
and start over again.

Several of the attorneys in Cobbs' firm tried to catch a glimpse of two
co-workers who they say were cast as extras in the film.

Yeah, it's all about showing support, but maybe just a tiny bit of chance to
play hooky for a short time, and it's worth it, he said.

"We don't see this kind of action in Rochester," Cobbs said. "I'll be able to
say to my kids, I saw part of this film. "

Nora Brown, who is executive director of the Rochester/Finger Lakes Film and
Video Office in Rochester, said about midway through the first day of filming
production crews had no issues and everything seemed to be going well.

Brown was encouraged by the crowds who were able to see some of the action.

"I am really excited to see all the people," Brown said. "There have been a few
sour grapes, but I think everyone is pretty excited. "

Attorney Dave Owens, who shares space in the Wilder Building, was expecting to
see more than he did.

"It's kind of boring," Owens said. "I want to see a car crash. "

Artistic sensibilities aside, there were inconveniences for downtown workers and
visitors. Main Street and many side streets were closed to traffic. Pedestrians
were limited at times from crossing the street as potential scenes from the
film, which is scheduled for release in 2014, were being shot.

Several onlookers who wanted to take photos of the scenes also were told not to
by crews. Brown said that's understandable, because their work is proprietary.
But she also noted the power of social media.

"A lot of photos are on Facebook," Brown said.

Of course, expect more delays and filming in the days ahead, as crews are
scheduled to be at work until May 9.

But, that's nothing to complain about, said Al Parisi, an attorney with Parisi
and Bellavia in Rochester.

The filming of the movie scene is the greatest event Parisi has witnessed in
downtown Rochester in at least 25 years -- maybe more.

"This puts Rochester back on the map," Parisi said. "This is everybody's dream.
"

Owens, too, said the filming is a big deal for Rochester.

"I think it's probably going to generate a bit of revenue for the city and it
puts us on the map," Owens said.

<a href="http://www.nydailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

SKINHEAD GUILTY IN MURDERS

BYLINE: WILLIAM R. LEVESQUE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: James Robertson is convicted of savage attacks that killed two
homeless men.


White supremacist James Robertson couldn't keep his mouth shut.

Trying to finagle his way out of a long prison sentence for bank robbery,
Robertson told authorities about two cold murder cases involving homeless men in
Tampa. He pointed the FBI to three of his skinhead buddies.

Robertson, who admitted being at the murder scenes, portrayed himself as a minor
participant.

But a federal jury on Tuesday convicted Robertson of committing two murders in a
racketeering enterprise after a two-week trial. Prosecutors said Robertson
played a leading role in the 1998 beating deaths of Alfred Williams, 62, and
Richard Arseneau, 44.

"These men had no material goods, no wealth," prosecutor Lee Bentley told jurors
in closing statements. "They were struggling to survive. This defendant and
three of his associates took the only thing these men had left - their lives."

Robertson, 32, faces life in prison when he is sentenced by U.S. District Judge
Elizabeth A. Kovachevich. A sentencing date has not been set.

The killings may have gone unsolved but for Robertson's botched effort at
leniency in an unrelated bank robbery case five years later.

Prosecutors say Robertson and three other skinheads were members of a group
called "Blood and Honour" who wandered Tampa's streets in the fall of 1998 on a
predatory hunt they called "bum rolling."

"Blood and Honour" included Jessy Joe Roten, who would himself be convicted of
the shooting death of a black 6-year-old St. Petersburg girl as she slept in
1999.

The skinheads thought homeless men were inferior. So on several nights in
September 1998, they went "bum rolling," prosecutors said.

They attacked Williams so savagely with a tire iron, clubs and their steel-toed
boots that police would find his teeth scattered around his body. Arseneau was
hit repeatedly in the head with a hand ax.

The other three members of "Blood and Honour" who took part - Cory Hulse,
Kenneth Hoover and Charles Marovskis - have pleaded guilty to charges related to
the deaths and are cooperating with authorities. They are awaiting sentencing.

Robertson's attorney, Bjorn Brunvand, told jurors that Robertson's skinhead
friends concocted a story implicating Robertson to save themselves.

The attorney acknowledged his client wasn't a likeable guy with his skinhead
beliefs. But that, he said, didn't mean Robertson was guilty.

Reach William R. Levesque at levesque@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3432.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: James Robertson faces life in prison when sentenced.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              December 8, 1998, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Lightning forced to play a goalie guessing game

BYLINE: TIM BUCKLEY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: BRANDON



Daren Puppa understands Jacques Demers' dilemma: find a way to finagle a
good-to-go goalie without crippling the Lightning.

That is what Puppa suggested Monday, when he spoke publicly for the first  time
since he and fellow goalie Bill Ranford strained their groins on the same  day
last week - prompting the coach/general manager to declare a newfound need  for
health and durability in net.

"It depends on what cost: How much does that cost you and how long will it  take
to replenish that position," Puppa said. "You try to do what's right  for the
team without doing the wrong thing."

Puppa's philosophical attitude stood in stark contrast to the silence of
Ranford, seemingly the odd man out should Tampa Bay obtain another goalie.

The Lightning declared Ranford the No. 1 goalie when he was acquired in a  trade
with Washington in the off-season.

Demers would not say Monday if he was closer to resolving the matter. He  would
not respond to a report from Toronto suggesting that the Maple Leafs  want
junior defenseman and 1997 first-round draft pick Paul Mara to be part of  any
package for Felix Potvin.

Maple Leafs associate GM Mike Smith reportedly spoke with Demers on Monday,  but
the two merely agreed to talk later. Smith may be playing hard to get with
regard to Potvin and likely would want more than just Mikael Renberg, though  he
may settle for something less than Mara.

"It will happen when it happens," Demers said, "and when it happens,  we'll let
you know."

Whether it happens is out of the hands of Puppa, who spoke after receiving
medical treatment at the Lightning's practice facility.

"That's their decision," he said, "not mine.

"(Demers) has got to do what he's got to do. There's nothing I can do  about it
except get the groin going."

Puppa indicated he is frustrated by his injury, actually the aggravation of  an
injury that has kept him out of the lineup since Nov. 24, a time in which  the
Eastern Conference's last-place club has gone 1-5. It is one more setback  in
what has been an injury-plagued time for Puppa, whose back problems limited  him
to only 32 games in the two seasons before this.

"You try to do everything you can to not have (an injury), but what can  you
do?" Puppa said.

"The thing is, you try to get back too soon, being a professional athlete,
instead of doing the right thing. The thing is, you want to play. I thought I
took off enough time, but obviously the tear is worse than I thought. It's not
because of lack of effort, or lack of trying to do everything I can."

Neither Puppa nor Ranford skated Monday, leaving both at least a week from
returning. In the meantime, Demers said, No. 3 goalie Corey Schwab will make
his fifth straight start tonight against Ottawa.

When Schwab arrived from the minors as a replacement for Puppa, Demers  thought
he would back up Ranford. But after Ranford injured his groin during  practice
Wednesday in Calgary, Schwab became the starter and the Lightning's  plan to
deal for Potvin went into full force.

Toronto initially asked for Renberg, defenseman Cory Cross and a swap of  future
draft picks; Demers reportedly responded by offering Renberg straight  up.

Philadelphia supposedly proposed a deal that would include sending Potvin  to
Tampa Bay, Renberg back to Philadelphia and ex-Lightning forward Chris  Gratton
of the Flyers to Toronto, but that deal seems less likely now because  the Leafs
want Renberg.

If whatever else Toronto wants still is too much, the Lightning may search
elsewhere for a dependable No. 1. All of which leaves Puppa uncertain what his
role will be when he is ready to return.

"I just want to get healthy and play this game I love," he said. "Who  knows?
Maybe one to two weeks it gets cleaned up and I never get hurt again."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Daren Puppa

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                March 3, 1998, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Parking stickers not a hit yet

BYLINE: DAVID K. ROGERS

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



If a revolution in residential parking was in progress, it sure was a quiet
one.

Taking a page from the Maytag repairman, a handful of police officials had  a
quiet day babysitting 18,000 parking stickers.

Maybe today the crowds will gather. Or tomorrow. Or next week.

"We've actually had quite a few people coming by trying to finagle them,"
Officer Lanny Quinn of the St. Petersburg police said Monday afternoon.

"We've had business owners who tried to come in and get them for their
employees," said police Sgt. Gary Robbins. "Well, no, that's not going to
happen. This is for residential purposes only."

The two officers were sitting in the department's mobile community police
resource center - a souped-up recreational vehicle painted in police green and
white - at the corner of 31st Street S and First Avenue S. Their goal was to
give away the brightly colored parking stickers.

By mid-afternoon Monday, though, only four stickers had been distributed.

That's with less than a month to go before Tropicana Field opens its doors  for
the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and their fans.

And it's those fans that the sticker program is supposed to control.

Residents of the nine neighborhoods surrounding Tropicana Field are  supposed to
affix the parking stickers to the rear of their vehicles, where it  will protect
them during events at the stadium, including baseball games.

Vehicles without the stickers will be ticketed, as much as $ 50 per offense.

The idea is to keep fans from clogging up all the on-street parking that  local
residents rely on. The program is for residents living from 25th Street  east to
the waterfront and between Seventh Avenue S and Fifth Avenue N.

City officials will be working with the owners and managers of apartment
buildings in the affected neighborhoods to distribute the stickers to their
residents. But residents of single-family structures and apartment managers
should be coming by the police RV to get their stickers now.

Officials say that while residents can have as many stickers as they need,  they
should have a registration certificate for each vehicle they intend to  enroll
in the program.

Today, the officers and the RV will be in Historic Kenwood, at the  southeast
corner of 27th Street and Fifth Avenue N.

The RV will be staffed from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Here are the remaining dates  and
locations selected for sticker distribution:

+ March 4: Methodist Town, parking lot of the Dwight Jones community  center,
1035 Burlington Ave. N.

+ March 5: Uptown, the Sunshine Center, 330 Fifth St. N.

+ March 6: Mirror Lake, the Sunshine Center, 330 Fifth St. N.

+ March 9: University Park, south parking lot of the Times, Fifth Street  and
Fourth Avenue S.

+ March 10: Mercy-Melrose, Mount Zion Progressive Baptist Church, 955 20th  St.
S.

+ March 11: Roser Park, northeast corner of Sixth Street and Sixth Avenue  S.

+ March 12: Campbell Park, Campbell Park parking lot on Seventh Avenue S  just
east of 16th Street.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, RICARDO FERRO; a parking sticker for
neighborhoods around Tropicana Field to protect them from being ticketed on
baseball game days

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 9, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

COMMERCE

BYLINE: Cass Peterson

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; Inside; A17

LENGTH: 556 words


It seems that whatever sells is okay with the Economic Development
Administration, which apparently believes that what attracts buyers of
industrial property isn't proximity to good schools.

It's freedom from environmental regulations.

In a recent advertisement, the EDA sought a buyer for 100 industrial acres near
Tuscaloosa, Ala., with an enticing description of the property's attributes,
including "generous pollution allotments . . . no PSD monitoring required."

For the uninitiated, that means:

(a) whoever last owned the site managed to finagle a pretty good water pollution
permit that allows generous amounts of industrial pollutants to flow into the
unidentified "navigable river" nearby, or;

(b) the property is in an area that is pure enough to meet statewide clean-air
standards without inflicting a lot of bothersome filters, scrubbers and whatnot
on the smokestacks of industrial tenants, or;

(c) it's in an area where a little extra soot in the air won't make that much
difference, or;

(d) a little of each.

"PSD" (or "prevention of significant deterioration") refers to a section of the
Clean Air Act that is intended to protect whatever pristine air there is left in
the nation. The Environmental Protection Agency has identified a number of such
pockets of purity, and the EPA tends to take a dim view of developers who want
to muck them up.

EDA's ad, which appeared in Chemical Week magazine as well as some other
industry publications, didn't make it clear whether the site is in a PSD area
that isn't being watched very closely or if it is simply not in a PSD area and
therefore no monitoring is required.

Michael Oberlitner, chief of EDA's Property Disposition Unit, told the
Environmental Forum (a publication of the Environmental Law Institute to which
we are indebted for this item) that the EDA was "certainly not encouraging
anyone to flaunt any law."

Yesterday, Oberlitner said the EDA was just trying to attract the attention of
industries able to provide jobs matching the skills of Tuscaloosa's unemployed.
Paper mills, for instances, or foundries.

"We thought that kind of language would attract the kind of people we were
looking for," he said.

The ad apparently did attract interest from some of the heavy-polluting
industries, who backed out quickly when they discovered the dream site was not
all the ad would suggest. The deal included $5 million worth of
pollution-control equipment, which the buyer would have to purchase and use. * *
*

GIVE THAT INVENTOR A HAND . . . The National Bureau of Standards has good news
for brainstormers, just in time for Inventor's Day, which coincides with Thomas
A. Edison's birthday Saturday. A joint program with the Energy Department is
back in the money and ready to help inventors and small businesses advance their
energy-related projects "from the workshop to the marketplace."

The program has been going on since 1975, but during 1982 and 1983 the DOE
couldn't provide much in the way of financial help because its grant money had
been trimmed from the budget.

The dough's back in for 1984, however, perhaps because somebody took a gander at
the energy-saving results of earlier inventions. According to the standards
bureau, 35 of those "good ideas" will soon be saving the nation a total of $100
million worth of oil a year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 16, 1982, Thursday, Final Edition

Coppola's 'Groom' Has A Bride: Lady Luck

BYLINE: By Andrew Beyer

SECTION: Sports; Andrew Beyer; C1

LENGTH: 788 words


When he was a boy in upstate New York, Albert Coppola would finagle his way into
the stable area at Saratoga Race Track, stand by the rail and watch a few
fleeting seconds of action as the horses flashed by him.

Last month he returned from his McLean home to the scene of these vivid boyhood
memories, but this time he got considerably closer to the action. He found
himself being ushered to the winner's circle after the track's most prestigious
race, the Travers Stakes, and then being ushered upstairs to meet the press and
meet the governor. Many of his old pals from his youth were there to
congratulate the local boy who made good.

To fulfill such a fantasy, a man needs a little luck, and Coppola had a lot of
it -- twice. Once was when he bought a yearling son of the stallion Blushing
Groom for a bargain-basement price (by modern standards, at least). The other
time was the Travers Stakes itself, when a multitude of favorable circumstances
enabled Coppola's colt, Runaway Groom, to upset Conquistador Cielo. He is going
to need a great deal more good fortune if he hopes to win the $400,000 Marlboro
Cup at Belmont Park on Saturday.

Coppola came to the Washington area in 1948 to complete his education at George
Washington University. When he graduated, he started what would become the
Washington Business School. Today he runs two schools -- one in Rockville, one
in McLean -- that offer a a one-year program of secretarial training, and they
have been successful enough that Coppola had the resources to do what he had
always wanted to do: buy some horses.

He made his first acquisition in 1979, but it was two autumns ago that he made
the purchase that would ultimately make headlines. He went to a yearling sale in
Kentucky and while he was there he made visits to most of the important stud
farms. "At Gainesway Farm," he said, "I saw Blushing Groom and I was very
impressed. He had some horses in the sale, but because his stud fee was $60,000
I thought the prices would be astronomical. The horse I was interested in was
the last one to sell that evening, and because it was so late there was almost
nobody left (to bid). I came up with him for $39,000 -- less than the stud fee.
It was amazing. Maybe it was destiny."

For awhile, Coppola's purchase seemed less than amazing. Runaway Groom was
smitten with a number of routine equine problems--sore shins, viruses -- that
kept him away from the races until this spring. As soon as he won his first
race, Coppola was thinking about the Blue Grass Stakes and the Kentucky Derby,
but shin troubles sidelined the horse for two more months. When he returned and
won a minor sprint race at Churchill Downs, Coppola started getting overeager
again and told his trainer to send the colt to Canada for the Queen's Plate,
that country's version of the Kentucky Derby, for which he was eligible because
he was bred in Ontario.

This was crazy: Runaway Groom never had raced beyond seven- eighths of a mile
and now he was being asked to go 1 1/4 miles. He was running dead last in the
18-horse field, but he made a whirlwind finish to be second and demonstrate that
he is, indeed, a very good racehorse -- at least by Canada's standards.

After that his campaign proceeded without interruption. He came into the Travers
sharp and well-conditioned, but clearly overmatched against the winners of
America's three Triple Crown races -- Gato del Sol, Aloma's Ruler and the
acclaimed Conquistador Cielo.

He met them, however, at a time when all three of them were on the downgrade.
The Travers would be the last start of Conquistador Cielo's career, the last of
the year for the other two, both of them injured. Moreover, Conquistador Cielo
and Aloma's Ruler engaged in a suicidal head-and-head duel for the lead, running
on the deep inside part of the track. When they were exhausted, Runaway Groom
came flying down the middle of the track and scored racing's upset of the year.

Many handicappers considered this victory an utter fluke, but Runaway Groom will
have ample opportunities this fall to prove them wrong. If he runs in the
Marlboro Cup on Saturday, he will be tested by Perrault, the winner of the
Budweiser Million, and the brilliant 3-year-old Timely Writer. Coppola is
considering many other possibilities, however -- including the $500,000 Jockey
Club Gold Cup at Belmont and the Washington, D.C. International. He said Runaway
Groom probably will finish his 3-year-old campaign by going halfway across the
world in a bid to win the rich Japan Cup -- something even further removed from
Coppola's boyhood dreams than winning the Travers was. But after his horse did
the impossible at Saratoga, almost anything seems possible to him now.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 6, 1998, Monday, Late Edition - Final

TECHNOLOGY: CONNECTIONS;
In the intricacy of a text game, no object is superfluous, no formulation too
strange.

BYLINE: By Edward Rothstein

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1014 words


XYZZY. That may look like a desperate attempt to finagle a great score in
Scrabble. But try entering the nonsense word in an Internet search engine and
see how seriously thousands of sites take it.

One home page displays a license plate "XYZZY." A Web-zine is called XYZZY News
(http://www.xyzzynews.com). The word has even inspired its own site, a "XYZZY
page" (http://www.winternet.com/radams/adventure/xyzzy.html).

But the unexpected, the quirky and the whimsical are part of the point of XYZZY.
According to Eric S. Raymond's "New Hacker's Dictionary," a book plundered all
over the World Wide Web, the word XYZZY -- whose pronunciations include "zizzy"
and "ik-zizzy" -- came into its own in a 1970's mainframe computer game known as
Advent, short for Adventure.

That game, which can be downloaded by following links on the XYZZY page, was
inspired by an actual network of underground caves in Kentucky. Will Crowther, a
programmer, devised textual descriptions for many of its "rooms" and gave the
impression that the user could move from place to place in the cave by typing in
directions ("east," for example, or "up") and reading the new descriptions.

A colleague, Don Woods, then filled that textual cave with odd objects and
magical puzzles; the player could pick up objects, use them in other places and
disclose new regions of the cave. "XYZZY" was a spell that could instantly
transport a spelunking nerd from one part of the cave to another.

This imagined universe soon inspired a slew of textual adventure games, notably
Zork (http://www.csd.uwo.ca/Infocom/zork1.html), which was commercially released
by Infocom, a company later purchased by Activision
(http://www.activision.com/games/pub-index.html), which has recently begun
rereleasing some of those early text games in their pristine primitive form.

In Zork the player came across wizards and trolls, had to figure out how to keep
a lantern lighted, how to prevent objects from being stolen, and how to operate
odd-looking contraptions -- all by using simple textual commands.

Many of these early games were whimsical fantasies. Others were murder
mysteries, like Witness, in which the player was a hard-boiled detective
reacting to typed descriptions and dialogue.

But by the mid-80's, graphics and windows were beginning to thrive on the
Macintosh, color monitors began to proliferate, and video game systems started
taking off. What power could XYZZY have when a mouse click could send a player
careering from one room to another without odd magic spells, and where sword
battles didn't require typing commands on a keyboard?

Yet somehow, in a world beneath the thriving universe of video game commerce,
these text adventures thrived. In fact, they are still being written and are far
different from the more precious experiments in participatory fiction that ask
the reader to use hyperlinks to create variations in the plot. Now called
interactive fiction, these puzzle novels inhabit an intricate network on the
Internet, an almost cave-like series of linked sites (see http://
tjwww.stanford.edu/adventure/index-old.html, where the metaphor is taken
seriously).

There are Usenet news groups for players (rec.games.int-fiction) and creators
(rec.arts.int-fiction). Hundreds of new games are available for downloading at
the encyclopedic archive found at ftp://ftp.gmd.de/if-archive, along with
several in Java form for easy play right off Web sites
(http://www.pond.com/russotto/zplet/ifol.html). There is even an annual
competition for the best new interactive fiction games (http://
www.afn.org/afn55673/contest).

There are advocates who seek ways to use interactive fiction in the classroom
(http://k12s.phast. umass.edu/desilets/). There are sites that include reviews
of nearly every major game written (http://www.escape.com/baf/if/. There are
also links of links (http://www.cs.cmu.edu/wsr/IF/) and two zines devoted to IF:
XYZZY News and SPAG (the Society for the Preservation of Adventure Games at
http://www.afn.org/afn55673/spag.html).

The amount of energy expended in filling those sites is extraordinary. New
programming languages are developed; tens of thousands of words are written as
guides for creators. And while the numbers of advocates are far from gargantuan
-- some sites get just a few hundred hits a month, others a few thousand -- the
devotion is palpable, all apparently with no profit sought.

Why? To what end? The awkwardness of the form is daunting. In the words of one
of the best current practitioners, Graham Nelson, "an adventure game is a
crossword at war with a narrative." It isn't really a novel because the plot is
broken up with odd demands that the player pick up keys or drink water or turn a
dial to get some other mechanized piece of the textual puzzle to fall into
place.

But read Mr. Nelson's own encomium
(ftp://ftp.gmd.de/if-archive/info/Craft.Of.Adventure.txt), and one gets some
idea of what is being sought. Mr. Nelson is a British mathematician who played
Advent as a child in the 1970's, created his own text game programming language,
and in the last few years, has written two acclaimed games -- Curses and Jigsaw
(http://www.pond.com/russotto/zpletx/jigsaw.html) -- each freely available on
the Internet.

He is also one of the more ornately literate creators of interactive fiction.
His guide begins with an invocation of Tom Stoppard. The epigram for Jigsaw is
from T. S. Eliot. And any player who manages to solve its problems will find
untranslated Latin mottos and puzzles involving Proust and Lenin.

Mr. Nelson seems to love the intricate machinery of a text game, the way no
object is superfluous to its unfolding and nothing required is missing. It is a
mathematician's construction, a tightly knit universe of text and symbol.

But he also has high ambitions -- that in this weird, stilted form of prose
broken by puzzle, there may also be a sense of something more powerful and
as-yet rarely realized in interactive fiction, the powers of language to
magically transport or transform. Something like XYZZY.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Randy Jones)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 15, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Don't Finagle Social Security to Reduce Deficit;
The Tax Man Cometh

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 214 words



To the Editor:

Re "Raise Social Security Taxes" by Robert M. Ball (Op-Ed, July 2): One look at
Form 1040 tells you that when you calculate your income for Social Security
taxes, you must include money withdrawn from before-tax savings, such as from an
individual retirement account or 401-k.

A retiree whose normal income is less than the tax threshold could have an
unfortunate circumstance one year requiring a large withdrawal of money from
before-tax savings. Any amount used from savings that brings one's income above
that threshold will be taxed at 28 percent.

This is a terrible penalty for a middle-income worker who may have been in the
18 percent bracket when the money was earned. There is a penalty for withdrawal
of I.R.A. funds before age 59 and a penalty for failure to withdraw after 70
1/2, but this rule mostly penalizes someone foolish enough to withdraw I.R.A.
funds while receiving Social Security.

We must either remove before-tax savings from the Social Security tax formula or
inform middle-income working Americans that I.R.A. and 401-k savings will cause
them to pay a much higher income tax on the money when they use it than they
would if they paid tax in the year it was earned.

VINCENT P. LOSGAR
North Arlington, N.J., July 2, 1993

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

IRE OVER TRUMP TOWER REMAINS

BYLINE: SUSAN TAYLOR MARTIN, TIMES SENIOR CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1676 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Those who lost money on the failed Tampa condo project still feel
burned by the billionaire's lack of involvement.


Jay Magner was watching the noon news one day when he heard that real estate
tycoon Donald Trump and a group of local developers were planning a 52-story
condo tower on the river in downtown Tampa.

"It changed the course of my life, literally,'' says Magner, who at the time
owned a dollar store. "I thought, 'Oh my God, I could finagle that and live
there.'"

Magner put down a deposit, joining dozens of other buyers eager to own part of
what Trump called a property "so spectacular that it will redefine both Tampa's
skyline and the market's expectations of luxury.''

A decade later, the city's skyline has indeed changed but not because of Trump
Tower Tampa. Magner often walks or cycles by the acre and a half site, still
weedy and empty.

"I lost $130,000,'' he says. "I didn't know people could take your money and not
build the building.''

- - -

Among the scores of Tampa Bay projects doomed by the real estate crash none was
as grandiose as the $300 million Trump Tower Tampa. Announced while the market
was at its zenith in 2005, it was buoyed by Trump's star status as host of TV's
The Apprentice but quickly fell victim to soaring construction costs and a lack
of financing.

Now, with the economy recovering, plans for a similar size tower on the same
site have been filed, but with far less braggadocio than the Trump project.
Trump himself has long since moved on to other endeavors - among them running
for president - while many of the buyers remain convinced they were badly misled
about the extent of his involvement in the project.

"The main reason we went into this was Trump,'' says Jay McLaughlin, a physical
therapist from Connecticut. "We had no idea he was just putting his name on it
and not backing it financially.''

It was the Trump name that five bay area developers hit on in 2004 as a
seemingly surefire way to market a more ambitious project than any of them had
attempted before.

Real estate broker Patrick Sheppard and dentist Harry Howell had been developing
strip shopping centers and other commercial properties. They teamed up with Jody
Simon and Frank Dagostino, who had made a windfall from the sale of a medical
education company, and their partner, builder Robert Lyons.

The five men, incorporating under the name SimDag/Robel, paid $16 million for a
small office building in downtown Tampa and a nearby vacant lot on the
Hillsborough River.

What should they do with the lot?

"What if we call it Trump Tower?" Dagostino suggested.

Through Dagostino's contacts in the New York area, the five reached out to the
Trump Organization. It responded favorably, and the men met with Trump himself
at his Fifth Avenue office.

"He introduced us to all of his TV team, all of his legal team, and he had a
management team just for condos,'' Sheppard recalls. "He was very professional,
nice and courteous. It's almost like he's a different person on stage than in
his office.''

On Oct. 27, 2004, SimDag/Robel and Trump signed a licensing agreement. In
unusually effusive language for a legal document, it called him a "worldwide
renowned builder and developer of real estate who enjoys the highest reputation
in these fields among others.''

In return for the right to use his name, SimDag agreed to pay Trump $2 million
plus a percentage of condo sales. The document also contained a clause that
would later spark outrage:

"Licensor and Licensee covenant and agree that ... they will not under any
circumstances disclose or permit to be disclosed the existence of this
agreement.''

On Jan. 10, 2005, Trump issued a news release announcing he would "partner''
with SimDag on what would be the tallest, most luxurious building on Florida's
west coast. Five weeks later, he and his new wife, a Slovenian model, swept into
town for the sales launch.

At a gala reception attended by 600 dignitaries and well-heeled guests, Trump
continued to give the impression that he was actively involved in the project.
He had a "substantial stake,'' he told reporters, and would have increased it
but for the fact that the tower was selling so well.

By then, buyers already had put down deposits on all 190 units, priced from
$700,000 to $6 million.

"The marketing pretty much reflected the Trump brand, it was exquisite,''
Sheppard says. "We had a video where people could see the tower (as if they
were) flying down the river. We could show them exactly what the view was going
to be from each unit. We had total mock-ups of what the bathrooms and kitchens
were going to look like. The entire enterprise was sold out in less than a
week.''

Buyers, who included doctors, NFL coaches and the developer of a bestselling
video game, lived as far away as Sweden. Most, though, were locals like lawyer
Mary Ann Stiles, who sold another condo she owned to put down $400,000 on a unit
in Trump Tower.

"I really wanted to be in that condo, it was going to be magnificent, something
new for Florida and right near my office,'' Stiles says. "I thought if (Trump)
is behind it, it's going to be good.''

- - -

Despite the hoopla, signs of trouble soon emerged. The 52-story tower at 111 S
Ashley Drive was to be supported on shafts socketed deeply into the limestone
underlying the site. Pilot borings showed that the limestone in one area dipped
far below that of the surrounding areas. As a result, the shafts were redesigned
in that part of the site and a mat foundation was also incorporated to better
distribute structural loads to the shafts.

The expense of the redesign, along with soaring construction costs, pushed the
project from the initial $227 million to nearly $300 million.

At the same time, Florida's condo craze had started to cool. Even as the
developers held a ceremonial ground-breaking in 2006, they had yet to obtain
financing. At one point, they were so desperate they sought a loan from a
self-proclaimed pastor who had served prison time for fraud.

"If it doesn't have financing now, it won't,'' warned a real estate manger for
Key Bank, which had backed other condo projects.

In 2006, the licensing agreement was modified to increase Trump's fees to $4
million in exchange for a concession in the amount of money he would get from
condo sales. Nonetheless, SimDag stopped paying and in May 2007 Trump sued,
claiming he was owed $1.03 million in licensing fees.

That was the first time most people - including the now-frantic buyers -
realized Trump was part of the tower in name only.

The developers counter-sued, alleging Trump had damaged the project by breaching
the confidentiality agreement and going public with his complaints. The two
sides settled in 2008, with SimDag's attorney effectively pronouncing the
project dead.

SimDag declared bankruptcy the same year. About all that it had to show for the
"spectacular'' tower were two scale models and some office furniture.

Total value: $3,500.

- - -

Under terms of the Trump Tower Tampa sales agreements, the developers had put
half of each deposit into escrow and used the other half to help pay
construction costs. Buyers got back the amount in escrow but not the rest -
which in some cases amounted to more than $250,000.

In 2009, several dozen buyers sued Trump, alleging they had been misled through
"fraudulent and negligent misrepresentations'' into thinking the tower was a
Trump project. His lawyers argued that the sales agreements made it clear SimDag
was the developer and solely responsible for financing.

Within three years, settlements were reached. Some buyers got as little as
$11,115, records show.

Other buyers who did not join the suit have never received anything but their
escrowed amount. When Trump boasted how rich he is - he pegs his wealth at $10
billion - in announcing his run for president, some wondered whether he could
have done more to help them.

"I don't know if he could have created a situation where us owners got our money
back, whether he had the power to do that,'' says McLaughlin, the Connecticut
buyer.

McLaughlin wanted a condo in a warm climate and thought Trump Tower would fit
the bill, both as an investment and as a way to be near his son, who lived in
Tampa. He lost close to $90,000 and has since moved to Sarasota.

Stiles, the attorney, is out $200,000. She acknowledges she should have read the
sales agreement more closely but remains convinced the project would have
succeeded if the economy hadn't tanked.

"Everything in 2005 and '06 was going great guns,'' she said. "I didn't think
the bottom would fall like it did.''

Two other projects that Trump was involved in at the time he announced the Tampa
tower are now reality - the 64-story Trump Hotel Las Vegas and Chicago's
98-story Trump International Hotel and Tower. But several others never
materialized, including towers planned for Atlanta, Phoenix and Charlotte.

Trump did not respond to requests for comment made through his New York office.
Of the five bay area partners in the project, the Tampa Bay Times was able to
contact only Sheppard. He said he and Howell, the dentist, had been bought out
early on by the others.

Lyons, whose Largo construction company remains active, did not return phone
calls nor did Simon nor Dagostino.

Magner, the former dollar-store owner who first heard about Trump Tower on the
TV news, blames many for the project's demise, including Trump.

"He's clearly just a giant egomaniac, he's all about self-promotion. He got paid
for coming to Tampa one time. If it were me, and people invested in my name and
had faith in my name, I would have made sure every one of those people got their
money back out of my own pocket."

Today, Magner lives in SkyPoint, a 33-story condo in downtown Tampa that started
construction the same year Trump Tower Tampa was announced. When he rides by the
vacant lot, he has mixed feelings about news that another 52-story tower is
planned for the site.

"I was kind of hoping they'd put a park there so I could go and say, 'gee, I
spent $130,000 to stand on this land.'''

Times researchers John Martin, Caryn Baird and Carolyn Edds contributed to this
report. Contact Susan Taylor Martin at smartin@tampbay.com or (727) 893-8642.
Follow @susanskate.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - LARA CERRI - Times: Jay Magner sits in front of the vacant land
along Tampa's riverfront where the Trump Tower was supposed to be built. Magner,
who didn't realize Donald Trump's involvement in the building was in name only,
lost $130,000 of his down payment on the failed project. PHOTO - Times (2005): A
model of Trump Tower Tampa was on display during a news conference in February
2005 at the condo sales center in downtown Tampa. PHOTO - Times (2005): In front
of a rendering of the proposed Trump Tower Tampa, Donald Trump talks about the
project on Feb. 18, 2005.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Massachusetts: Cary Grant Classic Films: Kiss Them for Me

LENGTH: 110  words

DATELINE: Boston


City of Boston, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following news
release:

Friday, January 23, 2015
 1pm Cary Grant Classic Films: Kiss Them for Me Classic Film for everyone. Kiss
Them for Me, 1957: G - 105 min.  Friday, January 23, 1 p.m. Three decorated Navy
pilots finagle a four day leave in San Francisco. They procure a posh suite at
the hotel and Commander Crewson, a master of procurement, arranges to populate
it with party people. Community Room
Lower Mills Branch of the Boston Public Library
27 Richmond Street
Dorchester, MA 02124

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 August 10, 2000 Thursday SAN FRANCISCO EDITION

PG&E ARRANGES TO KEEP CONTROL OF HYDROELECTRIC DAMS DEAL IS TO PROTECT PRICES,
AVAILABILITY

BYLINE: STEVE JOHNSON, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 446 words


PG&E officials announced Wednesday that they have reached a deal with consumer
activists and other groups to retain control of their 174hydroelectric dams, so
the system's power would continue to be available at critical times and at a
reasonable price.

Under California's ongoing efforts to deregulate its energy market, the utility
had been preparing to sell its hydroelectric system, which includes 68
powerhouses and 140,000 acres of watershed land. But critics had objected that
consumers and the environment might suffer if private firms bought the system.

Under the deal, which must be approved by the California Public Utilities
Commission, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. would transfer ownership of the dams to
one of its affiliates. The choice hasn't been determined yet, said PG&E
spokesman Jon Tremayne.

In return, he said, the affiliate would pledge to never try to finagle a better
price from customers by withholding the system's 3,896 megawatts of electricity,
which is sufficient to provide power to nearly 4 million homes. He said the
power always would be made available at whatever price was being offered at the
time by the state's Power Exchange, which operates as a kind of commodities
exchange for electricity.

The deal also requires the affiliate to return 90 percent of any profits the
hydroelectric system earns to PG&E's customers. That wouldn't result in an
immediate change in utility bills, as PG&E's rates are frozen by law. But when
the rates are unfrozen, no later than March 31, 2002, Tremayne said, the dams'
profits could help shield consumers from the kind of price spikes that have hit
San Diego this summer.

One of the key consumer groups that agreed to the deal is The Utility Reform
Network of San Francisco. TURN's media director, Mindy Spatt, said it is
concerned about having the dams transferred to an unregulated affiliate, whose
operations would be less subject to governmental review than those of PG&E. But
given the prospect of having the dams sold to other firms, she added, "this was
the best deal that we could get."

In addition to its consumer protections, the deal also contains provisions for
protecting the environment, including having PG&E set up a $70 million fund to
enhance water quality, among other things.

Last year the state legislature killed a PG&E proposal to transfer the dams to
one of its subsidiaries without any such protections. After that defeat, PG&E
sought state permission to sell the dams to the highest bidder. That proposal is
under review by the Public Utilities Commission, which also is studying the idea
of having the state take control of the dams for several years.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 August 10, 2000 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PG&E KEEPING ITS FIRM GRIP UTILITY WOULD TRANSFER CONTROL OF ITS HYDROELECTRIC
DAMS TO ONE OF ITSAFFILIATES IN PROPOSED DEAL

BYLINE: STEVE JOHNSON, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 448 words


PG&E officials announced Wednesday that they have reached a deal with consumer
activists and other groups to retain control of their 174 hydroelectric dams, so
the system's power would continue to be available at critical times and at a
reasonable price.

Under California's ongoing efforts to deregulate its energy market, the utility
had been preparing to sell its hydroelectric system, which includes 68
powerhouses and 140,000 acres of watershed land. But critics had objected that
consumers and the environment might suffer if private firms bought the system.

Under the deal, which must be approved by the California Public Utilities
Commission, Pacific Gas and Electric Co. would transfer ownership of the dams to
one of its affiliates. The choice hasn't been determined yet, according to PG&E
spokesman Jon Tremayne.

In return, he said, the affiliate would pledge to never try to finagle a better
price from customers by withholding the system's 3,896 megawatts of electricity,
which is sufficient to provide power to nearly 4 million homes. He said the
power always would be made available at whatever price was being offered at the
time by the state's Power Exchange, which operates as a kind of commodities
exchange for electricity.

The deal also requires the affiliate to return 90 percent of any profits the
hydroelectric system earns to PG&E's customers. That wouldn't result in an
immediate change in utility bills, as PG&E's rates are frozen by law. But when
the rates are unfrozen, no later than March 31, 2002, Tremayne said, the dams'
profits could help shield consumers from the kind of price spikes that have hit
San Diego this summer.

One of the key consumer groups that agreed to the deal is The Utility Reform
Network of San Francisco. TURN's media director, Mindy Spatt, said it is
concerned about having the dams transferred to an unregulated affiliate, whose
operations would be less subjected to governmental review than those of PG&E.
But given the prospect of having the dams sold to other firms, she added, "this
was the best deal that we could get."

In addition to its consumer protections, the deal also contains provisions for
protecting the environment, including having PG&E set up a $70 million fund to
enhance water quality, among other things.

Last year the state Legislature killed a PG&E proposal to transfer the dams to
one of its subsidiaries without any such protections. After that defeat, PG&E
sought state permission to sell the dams to the highest bidder. That proposal is
under review by the Public Utilities Commission, which also is studying the idea
of having the state take control of the dams for several years.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Final exam Wallace retires as Knicks revamp roster for playoffs

BYLINE: Marc Berman

SECTION: Sports Extra; Pg. 72

LENGTH: 663 words


To the bitter end, to the regular season's final day, the Knicks continued to
break down and finagle with their 15-man roster.

Rasheed Wallace retired, the Knicks signed center Earl Barron and starting guard
Pablo Prigioni sprained his right ankle in the second quarter of last night's
game against the Hawks, leaving the arena on crutches, according to a source.

Iman Shumpert had a knee scare, leaving the game in the fourth quarter, but it
turned out to be a cramp. Chris Copeland had his shoulder pop out and it had to
be popped back in. Prigioni's injury is the only one deemed serious and coach
Mike Woodson said he "did not know'' if the point guard will be ready for the
start of the playoffs Saturday.

The Knicks are crossing every "t" and dotting every "i" in bracing for a long
championship run that begins Saturday at 3 p.m. vs. Boston at the Garden, but
that still may not be enough. Their injury-wracked yet wildly successful regular
season ended with a 54-28 record after a meaningless 98-92 victory over Atlanta
to finish with their best record since 1996-97.

Ready, set, here the Knicks go into the playoffs with the best chance at a title
since 1999, hoping to win their first playoff series since 2001.

"The sky's the limit,'' Kenyon Martin said. "I'm excited for this bunch. We got
a legitimate shot. I just know what's in these guys' hearts. We know what we can
be. We're not afraid of anybody. That's what it's all about. We're confident,
but not overconfident.''

There was hope Wallace could become the pleasant surprise of the playoffs - a
dozen minutes off the bench, providing team defense, length and a 3-point shot
here and there. He returned early from foot surgery, lasted 3:50 in Charlotte on
Monday in his first game back since mid-December. He left with a sore foot, so
painful he decided to hang up his walking boot yesterday.

"He was a big reason we got off to a great start,'' Woodson said.

"It's going to be a loss not having him around. I was a little shocked. When
you've played a number of years in this league, you know there comes a time you
can't answer the bell anymore.''

"[The foot] just wasn't right - he felt that way after the [Charlotte] game,''
Woodson added.

After Wallace's retirement announcement, the club made its second signing in
successive days by inking Barron, a former Knick, who had 11 points and 18
rebounds last night in 36:30.

Ex-Knick swingman Quentin Richardson was signed Tuesday to be one more perimeter
defender to help fend off Miami's tandem of Dwyane Wade and LeBron James - and
perhaps Paul Pierce. His offensive debut last night was pitiful (1-of-11, 0-of-6
from 3-point line).

Martin was the first of the insurance moves in late February. In the final five
days of the regular season, the Knicks cut two players, signed three players and
saw one retire. Knicks general manager Glen Grunwald has sought to ensure the
team can withstand injuries that have been the season's subplot. (On Friday,
they waived injured Kurt Thomas to sign center Solomon Jones, but they cut Jones
after two games when he was ineffective.)

Last week, Woodson said the club is "desperate'' to win a championship this
season. The window for a championship is small - this season and next.

"I don't think you put a team in position to win a division and have the
second-best record in the East if you're not serious,'' Woodson said. "I don't
know how much we'll play Q or Earl Barron, but I just didn't want to get caught
like we were in the playoffs last year [vs. Miami] where we were so shorthanded
when guys started to drop.''

The Knicks rested Carmelo Anthony, Raymond Felton, J.R. Smith, Jason Kidd, Tyson
Chandler and Martin last night, yet still couldn't escape unscathed with
Prigioni rolling his ankle on a drive and departing. Chandler and Martin have
been out six and five games, respectively, and will be back Saturday. This is it
- no more signings allowed.

marc.berman@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OUT WITH THE OLD, IN WITH THE NEW: With Rasheed Wallace, who announced
his retirement yesterday, looking on from the bench (inset), newly signed
Quentin Richardson and the Knicks beat the Hawks, 98-92, in the regular season
finale last night at the Garden. N.Y. Post: Charles Wenzelberg (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

MESSY FINISH Retirement, injuries have Knicks scrambling as playoffs approach

BYLINE: Marc Berman

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 72

LENGTH: 721 words


To the bitter end, to the regular season's final day, the Knicks continued to
break down and finagle with their 15-man roster.

Rasheed Wallace retired, the Knicks signed center Earl Barron and starting guard
Pablo Prigioni sprained his right ankle in the second quarter of last night's
game against the Hawks, leaving the arena on crutches, according to a source.

Iman Shumpert had a knee scare, leaving the game in the fourth quarter, but it
turned out to be a cramp. Chris Copeland had his shoulder pop out and it had to
be popped back in. Prigioni's injury is the only one deemed serious and coach
Mike Woodson said he "did not know'' if the point guard will be ready for the
start of the playoffs Saturday.

The Knicks are crossing every "t" and dotting every "i" in bracing for a long
championship run that begins Saturday at 3 p.m. vs. Boston at the Garden, but
that still may not be enough. Their injury-wracked yet wildly successful regular
season ended with a 54-28 record after a meaningless 98-92 victory over Atlanta
to finish with their best record since 1996-97.

Ready, set, here the Knicks go into the playoffs with the best chance at a title
since 1999, hoping to win their first playoff series since 2001.

"The sky's the limit,'' Kenyon Martin said. "I'm excited for this bunch. We got
a legitimate shot. I just know what's in these guys' hearts. We know what we can
be. We're not afraid of anybody. That's what it's all about. We're confident,
but not overconfident.''

There was hope Wallace could become the pleasant surprise of the playoffs - a
dozen minutes off the bench, providing team defense, length and a 3-point shot
here and there. He returned early from foot surgery, lasted 3:50 in Charlotte on
Monday in his first game back since mid-December. He left with a sore foot, so
painful he decided to hang up his walking boot yesterday.

"He was a big reason we got off to a great start,'' Woodson said.

"It's going to be a loss not having him around. I was a little shocked. When
you've played a number of years in this league, you know there comes a time you
can't answer the bell anymore.''

"[The foot] just wasn't right - he felt that way after the [Charlotte] game,''
Woodson added.

After Wallace's retirement announcement, the club made its second signing in
successive days by inking Barron, a former Knick, who had 11 points and 18
rebounds last night in 36:30.

Ex-Knick swingman Quentin Richardson was signed Tuesday to be one more perimeter
defender to help fend off Miami's tandem of Dwyane Wade and LeBron James - and
perhaps Paul Pierce. His offensive debut last night was pitiful (1-of-11, 0-of-6
from 3-point line).

Martin was the first of the insurance moves in late February. In the final five
days of the regular season, the Knicks cut two players, signed three players and
saw one retire. Knicks general manager Glen Grunwald has sought to ensure the
team can withstand injuries that have been the season's subplot. (On Friday,
they waived injured Kurt Thomas to sign center Solomon Jones, but they cut Jones
after two games when he was ineffective.)

Last week, Woodson said the club is "desperate'' to win a championship this
season. The window for a championship is small - this season and next.

"I don't think you put a team in position to win a division and have the
second-best record in the East if you're not serious,'' Woodson said. "I don't
know how much we'll play Q or Earl Barron, but I just didn't want to get caught
like we were in the playoffs last year [vs. Miami] where we were so shorthanded
when guys started to drop.''

The Knicks rested Carmelo Anthony, Raymond Felton, J.R. Smith, Jason Kidd, Tyson
Chandler and Martin last night, yet still couldn't escape unscathed with
Prigioni rolling his ankle on a drive and departing. Chandler and Martin have
been out six and five games, respectively, and will be back Saturday. This is it
- no more signings allowed.

KNICKS vs. CELTICS

EASTERN CONFERENCE

FIRST ROUND

Date Location Time, TV

Saturday MSG 3 p.m., ABC

Tuesday MSG 8 p.m., TNT

April 26 Boston 8 p.m., ESPN

April 28 Boston 1 p.m., ABC

May 1* MSG TBD, TBD

May 3* Boston TBD, TBD

May 5* MSG TBD, TBD

Except for ABC games, all other games alsowill be televised on MSG

* if necessar

marc.berman@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PAINFUL EXIT: With Rasheed Wallace, who announced his retirement
yesterday, looking on from the bench (inset), Knicks point guard Pablo Prigioni
sprains his ankle in last night's 98-92 victory over the Hawks in the
regular-season finale at the Garden. N.Y. Post: Charles Wenzelberg; AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 5, 2012 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

He's not Peterman

BYLINE: GRAYDON ROYCE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: VARIETY; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 683 words



HIGHLIGHT: John O'Hurley plays Billy Flynn in the national tour of "Chicago,"
which hits St. Paul on Tuesday.


For actor John O'Hurley, touring with "Chicago" is a "working vacation." Yes,
he's on stage eight shows a week as slick lawyer Billy Flynn, but it is familiar
work that he loves.

O'Hurley is still best known for his role as J. Peterman on "Seinfeld." He has
established his own brand as a big winner on "Dancing With the Stars" and as a
host on "Family Feud." On Broadway, he played the dopey King Arthur in "Monty
Python's Spamalot."

"Chicago" stamps O'Hurley with a new identity, that of Flynn -- who finagles an
acquittal for the notorious Roxie Hart. He does the role on Broadway about eight
weeks a year, then takes it on tour for another six to eight weeks. "I'm sure
I've done it more than any single human being," he said. "Chicago," which has
been running continuously on Broadway since 1996, boasts the legendary creative
names of Bob Fosse, John Kander and Fred Ebb and a vaudevillian style that
replicates the 1920s.

O'Hurley took a few minutes to chat from his home in Beverly Hills last week.

Q I read a quote from you that Billy is slick, self-involved, makes no apologies
for himself, loves what he is, loves what he does. Sounds like Peterman.

A A little bit, but Peterman was a legend in his own mind. There is something
very self-knowing about Billy, and I think that's the difference. Peterman was
more a Mr. Magoo; he wasn't aware of what he was doing. I equate the other role
I do, King Arthur, with Peterman. The two were essentially the same person,
separated by 1,000 years.

Q Your relationship with Peterman has now gone from fiction to fact, right?

A The year after "Seinfeld" ended, the company went through a period of
reorganization and the real J. Peterman called me and said, "Would you like to
put the company back together under our parallel strengths?" I said yeah, so I
have owned it with him since 1999.

Q And now you are more Peterman than he is?

A Our board meetings are in Manhattan and we'll be walking along Madison Avenue
together going for lunch and every other person shouts out, "Hey, Peterman!" and
they're not talking to him. Marshall McLuhan said the message would become the
medium and I'm the walking example of it. I played a character on TV and now I
am that character.

Q But you've been able to move on by playing yourself?

A "Dancing With the Stars" gave me my own personality back. Prior to that, I was
always Peterman. The perspiration and athletic competition in "Dancing With the
Stars" strips away the veneer and you see more of the real person underneath.

Q And "Family Feud"?

A For the most part, a game show is -- I always refer to it as a cocktail party.
You are as much yourself on a game show as you are at a cocktail party.

Q How much do you like to work during a year?

A With the exception of taking six weeks off to spend in our summer home in
Vermont, I am trying to work every other second.

Q So you keep up with your New England roots?

A I was born in Maine and my family is still up in New England. And there is
something in New England, especially in the summer, that is extremely authentic
for me. Minneapolis is the same way. That's one of the reasons I'm attracted to
it.

Q How often do you get here?

A About once a year. I did a lot of fundraising with celebrity golf. You know
Matt Blair? I'm going to play with Matt next Monday.

Q How long do you want to keep playing Billy Flynn?

A I just did the 15-year anniversary on Broadway last November. I see no reason
for the show to end. It still attracts a great crowd and renews its audience
every two years. Every child that desires to put dance shoes on eventually will
sit in a seat on Broadway and watch "Chicago." It's on my list of the five great
musicals ever done. It relies on imagination and even though it's a story from
the 1920s, it has such contemporary meanings. It never really ages.

Graydon Royce - 612-673-7299

CHICAGO

What: Written by Bob Fosse and Fred Ebb. Music by John Kander. Directed by Scott
Faris.

When: 7:30 p.m. Tue.-next Sun., 2 p.m. Sat. Sun.

Where: Ordway Center for the Performing Arts, 345 Washington St., St. Paul.

Tickets: $35 and up. 651-224-4222 or www.ordway.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

HOLIDAY SPIRIT HITS THE LINKS

BYLINE: JILL PAINTER GOLF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 1134 words


Mike Downey is a true SantaClaus of the links, although he doesn't wear the
traditional costume.

Downey will do everything but don a red suit, long white beard and bowl full of
jelly for his round of golf Sunday.

For 17 years, Downey has been the tournament chairman of the Toys for Needy
Children tournament at El Cariso Golf Course in Sylmar. Each year, he helps
raise from $10,000 to $34,000, and most of that goes toward buying toys for
underprivileged children. Downey has raised nearly $400,000, including a record
$34,000 in 2006.

``It's just rewarding,'' Downey said. ``I guess it's a labor of love.''

Downey, 57, has no children of his own, but he certainly makes plenty of
children happy every year. This time of year, a room in his Sylmar home is
turned into a child's wonderland, filled with donated toys from companies around
the Valley.

Downey has 180 golfers for the shotgun start -- a tough thing to finagle at a
county golf course -- and has room for another 40. Last year, the tournament had
220 golfers, although Downey said he believes the cold and windy conditions the
past couple of years kept some golfers away. Golfers are expected to bring a
new, unwrapped toy to the tournament, as well.

Most of the time, Downey presents a check to the Los Angeles Fire Department,
which works in conjunction with Downey on the tournament. Firemen hand out the
donated toys.

Years ago, Downey bought most of the toys himself, but there was a snafu or two.

``They had no problem with us buying the toys, but sometimes, the toys we'd get
would go to South Central and they'd need $3 or $4 worth of batteries and it
didn't make sense,'' Downey said. ``(The firefighters) would go directly to an
area-specific toy shop, and it was easier for them to distribute.''

Downey said he's been doing the tournament for so long that it almost runs
itself -- although that is far from true.

His girlfriend, Lauree Floback, is instrumental in organizing the volunteers and
donations. Floback's work begins in September, when she writes the brochures,
sends invitations and hits up local companies for raffle prizes and other
donations.

Hamer Toyota donates a car for the hole-in-one contest each year.

No one has ever won the car, but Floback said a couple of golfers have hit the
pin.

But Downey hits the jackpot every year.

``I think he just enjoys seeing (the kids') faces getting their toys and helping
the fire department,'' Floback said. ``It's a good thing to do. He loves kids.''

Downey grew up in Sun Valley as one of nine children. His twin brother, Phil, is
the tournament chairman for the men's club at El Cariso. Downey likes to give
him a break from organizing tournaments, so he does this one on his own.

You would think Christmas time was a tough time of year being one of nine
children, but that was hardly the case for Downey.

``Christmas time was when you got stuff you needed,'' Downey said. ``One toy was
all we got, and that was fine. That's just the way we were brought up. We didn't
know we were missing anything.''

Downey just wants for other children to have what he had -- at least one toy.
That's why he took over the tournament when his friend, Bob ``Cowboy'' Smith,
moved to Texas and asked Downey to continue the tournament he started.

Downey also has his own business, Specialty Science Countertops, but he finds
time to keep the tournament going. He envisions retiring in a couple of years,
but it would be hard to find another organizer with as much passion for an
event.

The partnership he began with the fire department has been a success. In
addition to buying and distributing the toys, the department sends a color guard
and fire engine for the tournament.

The night before the event, Downey usually has the tournament committee over for
an Italian dinner. He has the dinner before the tournament instead of after
because usually on tournament day, he doesn't get home until 10 p.m. But it's
worth it when he hands a big check to the fire department and smaller checks to
other local charities like the Boys & Girls Club.

Downey might not have the Santa outfit, but he does have a helmet and yellow
fireman's jacket. He received those when he was named an honorary captain by the
fire department in May. Chief Douglas Barry flew in by helicopter for the
ceremony.

``We just enjoy doing this,'' Floback said. ``It's a lot of work, but it makes
you feel good. There's a lot of needy children out there.''

And one Santa-like golfer.

Kerr gets into the Ultimate Game

Christie Kerr will play against the men now, too, and she doesn't need a special
exemption to play in a PGA Tour event.

Kerr will participate in the Ultimate Game at PGA West Stadium Course in La
Quinta in 2008. The tournament -- which had a $2 million prize last year -- is
now open to female golfers as well. And, the format has changed, moving from
individual stroke play to a two-person team.

Kerr will play with world-renowned instructor Jim McLean in event, March 6-11.

``We want to separate ourselves, distance ourselves from the PGA Tour,'' Terry
Jastrow said in a news conference at PGA West on Monday. ``The LPGA doesn't get
into that. If you go back to the day of the Billie Jean King-Bobby Riggs tennis
match, let's imagine that as the concept available in this. We didn't want this
event, in any way, in terms of branding and awareness of th event, to have
anything to do with the PGA Tour.''

Kerr is one LPGA player committed to pay the $22,500-per-player fee. If a team
wins two matches, it wins back its entry fee. The purse is grand. The winning
team receives $1 million, although last year, pro Scott Piercy won the
unprecedented $2 million prize.

The tournament final is now on a Tuesday and no longer on the weekend.
Tournament organizers figured it best to not compete with other golf
tournaments. And the Golf Channel will televise this year's tournament.

In an effort to attract LPGA players, the tournament is on a weekend in which no
LPGA event is scheduled.

Players eligible to compete must not have had fully exempt status on the PGA
Tour, Champions Tour or Nationwide Tour in the last five years. Any player who
has won a major tour event or played in more than five major tour events aren't
eligible.

Former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Steve Bartkowski and Atlanta attorney Jim
Thomas are co-owners of the event.

Organizers hope the changes equal more excitement and visibility.

McLean is happy to play with Kerr, who will play from the same tees as the men.

``Absolutely, it's a different thing, of course,'' McLean said. ``I've never
played for that kind of money, but she has. She just played for a million
dollars here in South Florida in the event that (Lorena) Ochoa just won. It's a
different when you've got the TV and a million dollars riding, but she's been
out there, so she's definitely got the experience.''

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ON THE GREEN Contact golf columnist Jill Painter at
jill.painter@dailynews.com

GRAPHIC: 2 photos, box
 Photo: (1) Mike Downey works on last-minute details for the 29th annual Toys
for Needy Children golf tournament. Hans Gutknecht/Staff Photographer (2) no
caption (Christie Kerr) Box: Etc.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          November 15, 2001, Thursday

EATERIES TURNING TABLES ON DINERS

BYLINE: FARRAH WEINSTEIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 074

LENGTH: 461 words


THE hottest new nightclubs in town are . . . restaurants.

After dinner hours, eateries of every stripe are turning into wild party zones,
where patrons risk indigestion by shimmying on tables.

"All you need is someone to throw their arms up in the air and say aeHey!' and
people are banging on their plates with their silverware to the music," says a
man named Unik, whose Wednesday night parties at Serafina, at Lafayette and East
Fourth streets, draw the likes of Mary J. Blige and Mark Wahlberg. "Anything can
happen."

Unik's dance-fest is the hottest ticket in town. If you can finagle your way
past the four doormen (arrive early), you are guaranteed a good time. And not
because of the pizza.

Unik and partner KyKy run around with microphones to make sure everyone is
whooping it up.

There's even a VIP room where conga players beat away as patrons dance on any
flat surface they can find.

Every Sunday brings "Greek Night" to Baraonda - a little cafe at the corner of
Second Avenue and 75th Street.

Women get on top of tables, people throw their hands up in the air and waiters
break dishes on the floor while a deejay plays everything from Greek music to
salsa until 5 a.m.

"It's like South Beach in New York," says patron Debra Meltsner, 35, a marketing
consultant. "Like summer in the winter."

If it's Monday night, it must be Isla, on Downing Street between Bedford and
Varick streets, which hosts its "Havana in HI-FI" party. The white leather
banquettes, palm trees and scrumptious Cuban cuisine create an atmosphere
conducive to table-hopping and mingling past 1 a.m.

A young professional crowd is packing the Russian Tea Room, at 152 W. 57th St.,
on Thursday nights, when the tables are removed to make way for dancing until 4
a.m.

With its high ceilings, gold-plated mirrors and crystal chandeliers, you feel
like you've snuck into a prince's castle.

The flavor is distinctly Mediterranean at Chazal, a French eatery at Madison
Avenue and 26th Street where a deejay spins music until 3 a.m., Thursday through
Saturday.

This Saturday, the massive, two-level Italian restaurant Scopa, at 79 E. 28th
St., at Madison Avenue, will be hosting its first '80s pop, rock and hip-hop
party until 4:30 a.m.

"A lot of people are looking for a place where you can go, have a couple of
drinks, be part of the scene, eat and have a good time," says owner Chris Walsh.
"These days, there's a much more mature crowd."

In other words, they'd rather hop on the tables than hop from club to club.


LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -Simone entertains patrons at Baraonda, where a deejay spins everything
from Greek music to salsa.Lilian Haidar
-An exuberant Ravi jumps on the table and works off her dinner at Baraonda on
the Upper East Side.Lilian Haidar

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    March 22, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

Reader responses: SCHOOL REALIGNMENT;
 How about state's 'little people,' Mr. Speaker?

BYLINE: JOHN MORROW, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 153 words

House Speaker Tom Murphy is upset that his "little school" in Bremen can't
compete in athletics or academics (debate) with similar-sized private schools
because private schools can gain a supposed advantage as a result of better
financial resources. Perhaps now the speaker can understand how the average
citizen of Georgia feels when well-funded lobbyists and special- interest groups
are able to influence the Legislature. Just like his "little school," the
average citizen can't compete.

Maybe he can finagle a way so that any legislator who does not accept money from
lobbyists or special-interest groups can have his or her vote in the Legislature
count 1.5 times to provide a more competitive position for average citizens as
he did for his "little school." Even better, he could become empathetic and work
for meaningful and forceful ethics and campaign finance reform legislation.
JOHN MORROW
Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            July 30, 1998, Thursday

OFF & RUNNING FOR CONGRESS - WAIT, ASSEMBLY

BYLINE: BY BOB LIFF

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  6

LENGTH: 623 words


CYPRESS HILLS COUNCILMAN Martin Malave-Dilan showed he can finagle with the best
of them, orchestrating his own candidacy for the state Assembly as he quit what
he swore was a fight to the finish to unseat Rep. Nydia Velazquez.

In the process, Malave-Dilan is holding up the ancient tradition that the sins
of the father must be visited upon the son.

In this case, the father is Rep. Edolphus Towns, who is locked in a bitter feud
with Brooklyn's Democratic leader, Assemblyman Clarence Norman. The son is
Assemblyman Darryl Towns, who has represented a largely Hispanic district that
stretches into Bushwick.

Former Towns aide Jose Rodriguez suddenly quit the congressman's staff earlier
this year and showed up on Malave-Dilan's Council payroll. Rodriguez promptly
announced a challenge to Darryl Towns.

After qualifying for the ballot, Rodriguez immediately quit the race, and his
vacancy committee gave Malave-Dilan the ballot line. It is the same tactic used
by Queens Rep. Tom Manton to suddenly anoint Assemblyman Joseph Crowley as his
successor.

Why would Malave-Dilan want to take a $ 13,000 pay cut from his Council seat to
run for the Assembly? He says he wants to "rid the district of Towns'
influence." Malave-Dilan can also use the money he raised for the federal race
in the state campaign.

There also is a two-word explanation: term limits.

Malave-Dilan cannot run for reelection to the Council in 2001. There are no term
limits on state legislators, except those imposed by the voters each election
cycle.

The vacancy replacement ruse used by Manton and Malave-Dilan is quite popular
this year. Decosta Headley, the veteran East New York district leader, stepped
aside and named his son to run for his seat. Decosta Headley Jr. works in
Edolphus Towns' office.

Then there is the bizarre putsch that Norman aides used to kick Canarsie
district leader Joyce Arberman, not only out of her party position, but
completely off the voter rolls.

It seems that Arberman does not live in the Canarsie-based district where her
co-leader is arch-Norman foe Assemblyman Anthony Genovesi. Norman allies thought
about charging Genovesi with fraud since he signed affidavits in the past
listing Arberman's out-of-district address, but dropped that idea. Genovesi had
to collect new signatures quickly for Roberta Sherman to replace Arberman. This
is war at a very personal level.

Republicans are trying to use the vacancy replacement ruse on their own to lure
Democratic Assemblyman Dov Hikind onto the GOP line for the congressional seat
being vacated by Rep. Charles Schumer, who is running for U.S. Senate.

Hikind, recently acquitted of corruption charges, has long backed Republicans,
including Mayor Giuliani, Gov. Pataki and Sen. Alfonse D'Amato.

A veteran Republican operative named Francis Voyticky gathered petitions for the
GOP nod, then promptly stepped down. Brooklyn Republican Chairman Arthur
Bramwell penciled in lawyer Leslie Jenkins as Voyticky's replacement.

But if Hikind agrees to run, Bramwell plans to give Jenkins a judicial
nomination, clearing the field for a second replacement.

It would be a wonderful absurdity if Hikind runs on the GOP line for Congress,
as he is already running unopposed for the Democratic district leader slot in
the September primary.

THAT POSITION was given up by Councilman Noach Dear, who is running a strong bid
for the Democratic nod to replace Schumer. If Hikind accepts the Republican nod,
it could set up a death match between Dear and Hikind, who detest each other.

Aides say Hikind will decide when he returns from a trip to Israel, but it seems
unlikely he will do it, since he would have to give up his Assembly seat.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 14, 1991, Monday

Hosea saw it coming and so did Wall Street

BYLINE: Peter Kentmaynard/jackson; investments; transactions; attempts; urban;
atlanta; ranking

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 10

LENGTH: 436 words


Say what you will about Hosea Williams. I'm inclined to call him a prophet
without honor in his own land.

In the Atlanta mayoral campaign, candidate Williams remarked about Maynard
Jackson being a bond attorney: "That's the one thing that worries me about
Maynard. His profession is getting governments into debt."

Hosea's worry then appears to be prophetic. Atlanta Mayor Maynard Jackson
recently attempted to finagle a deal that would have done his profession proud.
Only misgivings about the plan by New York bond raters scuttled it.

The deal's complexities prevent a complete telling here. Find the Oct. 7 edition
of the Atlanta Business Chronicle for a splendidly detailed accounting. The gist
of story is about government gone wrong. The mayor recklessly tried to borrow
the city's way out of debt and in the process nearly destroyed Atlanta's
excellent credit rating. Had the scheme succeeded, Atlanta taxpayers, with no
say in the matter, faced a future impoverished by mounting municipal debt
payments.

Mr. Jackson took control of a city long on image and short on cash. Prospects
for a tax hike were bleak. Atlantans are fed up with funding grab-bag
government. Mr. Jackson had to find a way to raise money without voter approval.
His municipal bond savvy showed the way out. By refinancing Underground, the
city could delay $ 38 million in debt repayments due between the years 1991 and
2003. Instead, it would pay an estimated $ 100 million between 2006 and 2016.

The plan needed only City Council approval. "Action" Jackson wowed and cowed the
council. Members didn't understand the deal, but what the heck, it meant easy
money. Misgivings were soothed by the Jackson flair for hyperbole: "There's been
a red herring kind of dragged across the trail on this one," Mr. Jackson told
the council. "And that's the notion, which is totally incorrect, that this could
hurt the city's bond rating. . . ."

Wall Street bond analysts chose to differ.

"We were concerned about the structure of this issue," a Moody's Investor
Service executive told the Business Chronicle. Without substantial changes to
lower its riskiness, Moody's put City Hall on notice that pursuing the deal
jeopardized Atlanta's bond rating. The deal died quietly. No one at City Hall
talks about it, particularly a too- clever-by-half bond attorney whose foot
fills his mouth.

Don't dismiss this as just an Atlanta story. Recession and tax revolts have left
most local governments strapped for cash. They're ripe for the picking by bond
attorneys all too glad to help government get into debt.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 26, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Kiss' of death for remake

BYLINE: Mike Clark

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 330 words


A Kiss Before Dying
# 1/2 (out of four)
Matt Dillon ... Jonathan Corliss
Sean Young ... Ellen/Dorothy
Carlsson
Max von Sydow ... Thor Carlsson

A Universal Pictures release. Produced by Robert Lawrence. Adapted and directed
by James Dearden. In theaters nationally. Rated R (graphic violence, profanity).

For three minutes, the awful remake of A Kiss Before Dying manages to surpass
the 1956 version - but only because the original's opening credits featured a
dippy male-quartet warbling about someone's kiss. Safe to say, it wasn't the
most mood-enhancing setup for the glorified ''B'' in which Bob Wagner went
Psycho-Killer.

That's how they did it in the '50s; the '90s have their own woes. This time,
Matt Dillon (subbing for Wagner) pulls off a skyscraper murder before the
credits are barely over, and certainly before we even know who this guy is.
Writer-director James Dearden also treats us to the explicit sight of Sean
Young's body falling a few dozen stories and smashing into a bloody pulp. Come
to think, bring back the ballad.

Both films are from an early novel by Ira Levin, who later penned Rosemary's
Baby. The original was only the second film to feature Joanne Woodward, who won
her star-making Oscar the following year for The Three Faces of Eve; this
version gives us the two faces of Sean. Young plays the blond murder victim
(pushed because she's pregnant) - also the brunette twin Dillon then marries so
he can worm himself into her dad's internationally renowned copper biz.

Dillon has an ear-enhancing haircut here that recalls Bewitched's Dick York, but
this isn't the real problem. There's no buildup (hence, no suspense) and no
combustion between the leads. Dillon and Young are both better than their reps,
and Dearden orchestrated the sizzle between Michael Douglas and Glenn Close in
Fatal Attraction. Something must have gone terribly awry here.

Moviegoers need not even bother giving Kiss a kiss-off; funeral services begin
today.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w

CUTLINE: 'A KISS BEFORE DYING': Matt Dillon marries Sean Young to finagle his
way into her wealthy father's copper business.

MOVIE REVIEWS

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 24, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

The Trouble With Metro's Farecards

Ron Shaffer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKLY - DC; Pg. J01; DR. GRIDLOCK

LENGTH: 2075 words


Dear Dr. Gridlock:

My Metro Farecards keep going dead. Something apparently is erasing the amount
of money I have encoded on the magnetic strip. Despite my efforts to find the
problem and protect the card, this annoyance continues (three times in the last
week)!

When I take the dead card to a station attendant, he seems annoyed and hints
that I am not bright or somehow trying to finagle a free ride.

I can mail in the dead cards for an exchange, but when you have $ 20 cards -- to
take advantage of the 10 percent discount -- that can tie up a lot of money.

The station attendants assure me that the Metro plastic cover for Farecards is
the answer, but when I go to Metro Center to get one, they say they are out of
them and that's not the solution anyway.

Help! What do you suggest?

EILEEN PEREIRA

Washington

I share your pain on this one. The same thing happens to me, particularly with
credit cards.

Here's what Metro spokeswoman Cheryl Johnson suggests:

Keep your Farecards away from anything magnetic, such as magnetic clasps on
purses and wallets. Don't pin the card to a refrigerator with a magnet. Don't
let the card fall to the floor of a Metrorail car. Don't put the card into a
magnetic paper clip holder. Keep it away from copier machines. Avoid eel-skin
wallets.

Metro's plastic Farecard holders will help, but the card should still be kept
away from magnetic objects, Johnson said. If a card is creased, scratched or
dogeared, the Farecard machine may reject it.

You can give a bad Farecard to a station attendant, who will put it into an
envelope and return it to Metro for an exchange, Johnson said. The attendant can
read the printed amount on the bad card to get you through on the current trip.

You can get plastic Farecard holders at Metro Center, or by calling Metro
(202-637-1328) or writing Metro Customer Service, 600 Fifth St. NW, Washington,
D.C. 20001. There is a limit of two per person.

Dr. Gridlock welcomes ideas on how to protect those magnetic strips that have
become so important in our lives.

Johnson, meanwhile, apologizes for any rude behavior by Metro employees.

"That's not the way to do business," she said. "We are looking at our policies
and procedures with an eye [to] making all of our services more friendly."

If you have a bad experience with a Metro employee, drop Metro Customer Service
or Dr. Gridlock a line. Letters I've received recently praise employees for
their extra efforts in returning lost items to customers.

D.C.'s Two-Hour Limit

Dear Dr. Gridlock:

I recently received a parking ticket for overstaying my welcome in a residential
zone in the District of Columbia. The signs limited visitors to two hours'
parking, except for residents of the area.

I moved my car before the two hours were up. I put it around the corner, from
East Capitol Street to A Street NE. My ticket was written after I had been in
both places a total of two and a half hours.

The ticket notes the vehicle was moved. I thought I was in legal bounds to do it
this way because I never stayed in one spot more than two hours.

What are the rules about this?

SUSAN STRASSER

Takoma Park

Sorry, but the traffic laws limit your stay to two hours total in one
neighborhood parking zone, no matter how many times in a visit you move the car.

The ticketeers, efficient as they are, make notes of license numbers and times
visitors' cars are observed, so they can issue tickets even if you move your
car.

Residents with residential parking stickers are exempt, and they are happy with
the policy, according to Gwen Mitchell, a city official in charge of parking
violations.

They should be. The policy frees up scarce parking places for the people who
live there. If you are a city resident and you plan to have a visitor for longer
than two hours, such as a repairman, a friend or a relative, you can get a
visitor parking permit for your neighborhood that is good for from one day to
two weeks. A permit can be obtained from your police station.

Four Miles to Eternity

Dear Dr. Gridlock:

I am writing you to express my concerns about the road work underway on New
Hampshire Avenue between Randolph Road and Route 198 in Silver Spring.

The project began nearly four years ago. Although the project is only a few
miles in length, work continues.

The residents of this area are suffering from the traffic delays, pollution and
dangers created as a result of this construction. I would appreciate it if you
would investigate this, give us a status report and see if there is any way to
speed this up.

SALAH NEGM

Silver Spring

I don't have any good news for you at this time, except to say I share your
concerns and I'm asking the top officials of the Maryland State Highway
Administration to look at this one.

This is a widening and realignment project less than four miles long. When
finished, New Hampshire Avenue (Route 650) will have three lanes in each
direction from Randolph Road to Cape May Avenue (2.6 miles) and two lanes in
each direction from Cape May Avenue to Route 198 (1 mile).

No doubt this will be a terrific improvement that will help motorists through
the area. The problem is the time it is taking. Work began Jan. 9, 1995. It was
scheduled to be completed next June, but now officials do not expect it to be
completed until (sorry) October 1998.

Asked why it's taking so long, a State Highway Administration spokeswoman, Fran
Counihan, said the relocation of utilities has been a difficult problem. That is
hard for Dr. Gridlock to swallow. Consider:

Road projects in our area normally take about two years from the beginning of
construction to the end. If it's a huge project, it is done in phases lasting
about two years each. Sometimes, with complicated bridge construction or other
elevated work, a project can take three years.

But nearly four years for less than four miles of at-grade, or surface,
widening? This seems abnormal.

By comparison, the Virginia Department of Transportation this year finished
adding two lanes in each direction of Interstate 66 for five miles between Route
29 (Centreville) and Route 234 (Manassas). That took less than 2 1/2 years even
though considerable bridge work was involved.

In Prince George's County, the Washington Redskins are building a $ 200 million
football stadium in less than 18 months.

On Interstate 270, the Maryland State Highway Administration recently finished a
widening project about the same length as the New Hampshire Avenue job. It
involved widening I-270 by one lane in each direction between Middlebrook Road
to north of Father Hurley Boulevard and also included building a new bridge to
carry Route 118 over I-270. Time to complete: Two and a half years.

I can't give you a good answer now for why your little project is taking longer
than those. If I can get one, I'll pass it on. In the meantime, my sympathies.

Flash Response

Dear Dr. Gridlock:

Several months ago you published a letter by a reader who was reporting a road
in Bethesda with chronic flooding problems. You invited your readers to write to
you to report other problem areas.

A flooded intersection that has been a problem for well over a year is Fourth
and E streets SW. The sewer at the northeast corner of this intersection is
clogged and causes severe flooding when it rains. This is a messy and unsafe
situation for pedestrians and drivers.

Can this problem be corrected?

KATHY BAXTER

Washington

Dr. Gridlock passed on your request to Libby Lawson, spokeswoman for the D.C
Water and Sewer Authority. She jumped right on it, and in 24 hours, the problem
was fixed, she said.

It would have been done even faster, but there were an abandoned car and an
illegally parked car in front of the storm sewer, and they had to be towed
before city workers could clean out the catch basin.

All the storm sewers in the city used to be cleaned twice a year, she said, but
because of budget considerations, it is being done only once a year now. If you
see a clogged storm drain, you can report it to the Water and Sewer Authority at
202-645-6296 or call the 24-hour hot line at 202-673-6600.

The agency has a new director, Jerry N. Johnson, formerly deputy city manager of
Richmond. Dr. Gridlock is impressed with the seriousness and speedy response
accorded Ms. Baxter's letter. Thank you.

Where There's a Will . . .

Dear Dr. Gridlock:

I was returning home from vacation and traveling north on I-95 in Virginia when
I ran into a problem near Springfield. I was hoping to use the Fairfax County
Parkway to get home to Sterling, but I couldn't figure out how to make the
connection.

I think there were two signs, saying "Backlick" and "Fullerton," but by the time
I figured out this might be the correct exit, it was too late. There was no sign
for Route 7100, which is the Fairfax County Parkway, and no directions on the
Backlick and Fullerton signs to indicate that this exit leads to the parkway. Is
this in fact the exit, or am I missing something?

JO WILLIAMS

Sterling

You're not missing something, Ms. Williams. The state is. What's missing are a
coherent set of signs to get you from the major north-south road in Fairfax
County (I-95) to the new, major cross-county road, the Fairfax County Parkway.
That was the right exit, as you guessed.

Part of the problem is that there is no direct connection between the two roads.
You might ask how it could be possible that a $ 560 million, 35-mile
cross-county parkway does not connect with I-95, even though the parkway is
designed to go from Route 7 to Route 1 and cross I-95.

The answer is that work on the parkway is underway on the east side of I-95 (see
overall parkway map), while on the west side, there's a two-mile unfunded gap
from Rolling Road to I-95. The county thought the Army might pay for the
unfunded section when the Army wanted to develop property that the unfunded
stretch would pass through. But the Army backed out of the development, and
bingo, a parkway with a big hole in the middle.

What's needed are signs along I-95 that say, "To Fairfax County Parkway." The
state has a number of these directional signs along I-95 in the Richmond area,
such as "To Powhite Parkway" at Exit 74A.

I asked Kathy Ichter, the ever-helpful chief of highway operations for the
Fairfax County Office of Transportation, to help us figure out how to connect
with the Fairfax County Parkway from I-95. (You may want to put this into your
glove compartment.) Her advice:

From I-95 northbound to the Fairfax County Parkway westbound:

Take Exit 166 west, which connects immediately with Backlick Road (Route 617)
north. Proceed north on Backlick about two miles to the Franconia-Springfield
Parkway (Route 7900) west. Take the Franconia-Springfield Parkway about two
miles to where it turns into the Fairfax County Parkway (Route 7100).

From I-95 northbound to the Fairfax County Parkway eastbound:

Take Exit 166 east to get on Backlick Road east. At Telegraph Road, Backlick
Road joins the finished segment of the parkway that runs east to Route 1. By the
end of the year, with completion of the parkway segment between Newington Road
and Telegraph Road, you should be able to get on the parkway east directly from
I-95 at Exit 166. Especially if the state would be good enough to provide good
signs.

From I-95 southbound to the Fairfax County Parkway eastbound:

Exit at Exit 166 east and repeat steps immediately above.

From I-95 southbound to the Fairfax County Parkway westbound:

Take Exit 169 (Route 644) west to Bland Street in Springfield. Turn right on
Bland and right again at Amherst Avenue and then on an overpass linking Amherst
Avenue to southbound Backlick Road (Route 617). Continue a short distance to the
entrance to Route 7900 west. That will turn into the Fairfax County Parkway
west.

There is a ramp directly linking I-95 and Route 7900, but that is generally
reserved for car pools (HOV-3). Fairfax County officials have long asked for a
full interchange to accommodate all traffic at that interchange, but state
officials have not agreed to do it.

The Fairfax County Parkway is a wonderful road, Ms. Williams. I hope you'll be
able to use it sometime.

Dr. Gridlock appears in this section each Thursday to explore transportation
matters. You can write to DR. GRIDLOCK, The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW,
Washington, D.C. 20071.


LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, dave cook

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 21, 2009 Monday

SENATE SELLS OUT - MAC ATTACK: DEMS BUY HEALTH BILL

BYLINE: JENNIFER FERMINO

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 458 words


Sen. John McCain yesterday blasted Democrats for "having to purchase" the 60
votes needed to finagle the $871 billion health-care bill to the floor - but
reluctantly conceded there was little the GOP could do to stop the legislation
in the Senate.

Even as he admitted there "probably" is no way the Republicans can block passage
when the bill comes up for a vote Christmas Eve, the former presidential
candidate vowed to continue the battle.

"We will fight until the last vote," McCain (R-Ariz.) told "Fox News Sunday."

"We owe that to our constituents, because we must do everything - we must look
back and say we did everything to prevent this terrible mistake from taking
place."

In a reference to several backroom deals negotiated by Senate Majority Leader
Harry Reid (D-Nev.), McCain said the Democrats had to "purchase the last vote or
two" to achieve the 60 votes required to avoid a Republican filibuster.

Early this morning the Senate passed the first of three procedural motions
needed to cut off debate on health care by a 60-40 vote.

Before the vote, Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska, the last Democrat to sign off on
the health care plan, had said the bill didn't do enough to stop federal funding
of abortions.

But, in addition to getting what he believed were stronger firewalls on abortion
funding, the pro-life Democrat also was given a special carve-out in which his
state got a generous promise of full federal funding for Medicaid, which adds up
to an extra $45 million over the next decade.

Other states have to fork over a portion of their Medicaid funds.

The pot-sweetening deal was dubbed the "Cornhusker Kickback" by furious
Republicans.

Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who was a critic of the bill, now
supports it after a provision was added to invest $10 billion in community
health centers around the country.

Once-skeptical Dem Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana agreed to back the bill in
November after Reid engineered some $300 million in Medicaid funds for her
state.

Meanwhile, the Congressional Budget Office said the Senate bill may not reduce
the federal deficit by as much as previously estimated.

When the CBO numbers came out originally, it was estimated that the deficit
would be reduced by $1.3 trillion in the decade after 2019. That was revised
yesterday to somewhere between $650 billion and $1.3 trillion.

---

Holiday 'gifts'

In exchange for their votes in favor of health-care reform, some reluctant
senators got taxpayer-funded stocking stuffers for their states:

SEN. BEN NELSON (D-Neb.) $45 million over 10 years in Medicaid funds

SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (I-Vt.) $10 billion for community health care centers
(nationwide)

SEN. MARY LANDRIEU (D-La.) $300 million in Medicaid funds

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SEN. BEN NELSON.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 25, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1068 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1   THE BROKER (Dell,                             4
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
2  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            6
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, relates her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
3    RED LILY (Jove,                              3
     $7.99). By Nora
   Roberts The ghost of
     the Harper bride
    becomes malevolent
     when the current
   Harper scion finds a
      new paramour.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             63
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          18
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
6  STATE OF FEAR (Avon,                           8
    $7.99). By Michael
         Crichton
  Eco-terrorists plot to
     create "natural
     disasters" in an
    effort to further
  their radical agenda.
7  PREP (Random House,                            2
    $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
8   WHITEOUT (Signet,                             8
  $7.99). By Ken Follett
  The debt-ridden son of
     a pharmaceutical
    company's founder
  burgles the lab, with
        unforeseen
      consequences.
9       GOING HOME                                3
   (Silhouette, $7.99).
  By Nora Roberts Three
  novellas reprinted in
      a new omnibus:
  "Unfinished Business,"
   "Island of Flowers"
      and "Mind Over
         Matter."
1     VANISHING ACTS                              4
0  (Washington Square,
  $14) By Jodi Picoult.
      A young woman
  confronts the painful
   reality that she was
   kidnapped as a child
    by her own father.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            13
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  A former screenwriter
     and drug dealer
      chronicles his
      addiction and
        recovery.
2    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             19
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
3 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         51
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
4      BAD CAT: 244                              35
  NOT-SO-PRETTY KITTIES
    AND CATS GONE BAD
   (Workman, $9.99). By
     Jim Edgar Candid
    photos of felines
   acting up and acting
           out.
5 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         94
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
6      BAD DOG: 278                               6
   OUTSPOKEN, INDECENT,
   AND OVERDRESSED DOGS
   (Workman, $9.95) By
    R.D. Rosen, Harry
     Prichett and Rob
         Battles
7 HIS EXCELLENCY: GEORGE                          6
   WASHINGTON (Vintage,
    $15). By Joseph J.
  Ellis. A biography of
    the statesman from
   British army soldier
    to U.S. president.
8 SEE NO EVIL: THE TRUE                           2
    STORY OF A GROUND
   SOLDIER IN THE CIA'S
     WAR ON TERRORISM
   (Three Rivers, $14).
    By Robert Baer. A
     bungling agency.
9 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         53
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
1     IN COLD BLOOD                               9
0   (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1  MARY, MARY (Little,                            5
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
2    S IS FOR SILENCE                             2
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
3     THE CAMEL CLUB                              8
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
4   PREDATOR (Putnam,                             8
   $26.95). By Patricia
    Cornwell Forensic
       examiner Kay
   Scarpetta, now based
  in Florida, is stymied
  by a series of bizarre
   slayings and thorny
          clues.
5 THE LIGHTHOUSE (Knopf,                          4
  $25.95). By P.D. James
  Commander Dalgliesh is
   dispatched to Combe
   Island, an isolated
     retreat for the
    well-to-do, where
     murder is afoot.
6     AT FIRST SIGHT                              8
   (Warner, $24.95). By
  Nicholas Sparks Jeremy
     Marsh and Lexie
  Darnell, last seen in
      Sparks's "True
  Believer," are coping
    with the stress of
       engagement.
7   THE DA VINCI CODE                            91
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
   a killer's identity.
8   LIGHT FROM HEAVEN                             6
   (Viking, $26.95). By
   Jan Karon Father Tim
       endeavors to
       revitalize a
      long-neglected
  mountain church in the
  Mitford Years series'
        swan song.
9  FOREVER ODD (Bantam,                           3
   $27). By Dean Koontz
   Odd Thomas, who can
     see the dead, is
   "asked" for help by
     the ghost of his
  father's best friend,
    recently murdered.
1 THE CONSTANT PRINCESS                           1
0  (Touchstone, $24.95)
   By Philippa Gregory.
   The rousing tale of
  Catalina, who is sent
   to the English court
    at age 16 to marry
      Prince Arthur.
    Nonfiction/General
1  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                            8
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
2 TEACHER MAN: A MEMOIR                           5
    (Scribner, $26) By
    Frank McCourt. The
   author of "Angela's
   Ashes" recounts his
    tenure in the NYC
  public school system.
3  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          37
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
4     1776 (Simon &                              25
    Schuster, $32). By
     David McCullough
  Military campaigns and
   personal narratives
  tell the story of the
  first full year of the
   American Revolution.
5 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES:                          7
  AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS
    (Simon & Schuster,
  $25). By Jimmy Carter
    Cautioning against
        religious
     fundamentalism's
        influence.
6 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           2
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
7    AMAZING PEACE: A                             2
  CHRISTMAS POEM (Random
  House, $9.95). By Maya
   Angelou. Read at the
     lighting of the
    National Christmas
   Tree, Dec. 1, 2005.
8  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           11
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   grief and mourning;
    winner of the 2005
   National Book Award
     for nonfiction.
9 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          36
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
1  THE CITY OF FALLING   7Rankings reflect sales for the week ended December
0 ANGELS (Penguin Press, 18, 2005. The charts may not be reproduced without
     $25.95) By John     permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2005
  Berendt. Venice, where     by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
   the author moved in     italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
         1997, is          which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
      affectionately      Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
  portrayed here in all               separate, monthly list.)
   its glory and decay.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 18, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1060 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1   THE BROKER (Dell,                             3
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
2    RED LILY (Jove,                              2
     $7.99). By Nora
   Roberts The ghost of
     the Harper bride
    becomes malevolent
     when the current
   Harper scion finds a
      new paramour.
3  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            5
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, relates her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             62
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5  STATE OF FEAR (Avon,                           7
    $7.99). By Michael
         Crichton
  Eco-terrorists plot to
     create "natural
     disasters" in an
    effort to further
  their radical agenda.
6       GOING HOME                                2
   (Silhouette, $7.99).
  By Nora Roberts Three
  novellas reprinted in
      a new omnibus:
  "Unfinished Business,"
   "Island of Flowers"
      and "Mind Over
         Matter."
7  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          17
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
8   WHITEOUT (Signet,                             7
  $7.99). By Ken Follett
  The debt-ridden son of
     a pharmaceutical
    company's founder
  burgles the lab, with
        unforeseen
      consequences.
9  PREP (Random House,                            1
    $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
1     VANISHING ACTS                              3
0  (Washington Square,
  $14) By Jodi Picoult.
      A young woman
  confronts the painful
   reality that she was
   kidnapped as a child
    by her own father.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            12
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  A former screenwriter
     and drug dealer
      chronicles his
      addiction and
        recovery.
2    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             18
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
3 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         50
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
4 SEE NO EVIL: THE TRUE                           1
    STORY OF A GROUND
   SOLDIER IN THE CIA'S
     WAR ON TERRORISM
   (Three Rivers, $14).
    By Robert Baer. A
     bungling agency.
5 HIS EXCELLENCY: GEORGE                          5
   WASHINGTON (Vintage,
    $15). By Joseph J.
  Ellis. A biography of
    the statesman from
   British army soldier
    to U.S. president.
6     IN COLD BLOOD                               8
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
7 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         52
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
8 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         93
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
9      BAD CAT: 244                              34
  NOT-SO-PRETTY KITTIES
    AND CATS GONE BAD
   (Workman, $9.99). By
     Jim Edgar Candid
    photos of felines
   acting up and acting
           out.
1      BAD DOG: 278                               5
0  OUTSPOKEN, INDECENT,
   AND OVERDRESSED DOGS
   (Workman, $9.95) By
    R.D. Rosen, Harry
     Prichett and Rob
         Battles
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1    S IS FOR SILENCE                             1
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
2  MARY, MARY (Little,                            4
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
3     THE CAMEL CLUB                              7
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
4 THE LIGHTHOUSE (Knopf,                          3
  $25.95). By P.D. James
  Commander Dalgliesh is
   dispatched to Combe
   Island, an isolated
     retreat for the
    well-to-do, where
     murder is afoot.
5   PREDATOR (Putnam,                             7
   $26.95). By Patricia
    Cornwell Forensic
       examiner Kay
   Scarpetta, now based
  in Florida, is stymied
  by a series of bizarre
   slayings and thorny
          clues.
6   LIGHT FROM HEAVEN                             5
   (Viking, $26.95). By
   Jan Karon Father Tim
       endeavors to
       revitalize a
      long-neglected
  mountain church in the
  Mitford Years series'
        swan song.
7     AT FIRST SIGHT                              7
   (Warner, $24.95). By
  Nicholas Sparks Jeremy
     Marsh and Lexie
  Darnell, last seen in
      Sparks's "True
  Believer," are coping
    with the stress of
       engagement.
8  FOREVER ODD (Bantam,                           2
   $27). By Dean Koontz
   Odd Thomas, who can
     see the dead, is
   "asked" for help by
     the ghost of his
  father's best friend,
    recently murdered.
9   THE MARCH (Random                             6
  House, $25.95) By E.L.
      Doctorow. Gen.
    Tecumseh Sherman's
  slash and burn through
     Georgia and the
  Carolinas in the Civil
           War.
1  CHRIST THE LORD: OUT                           6
0    OF EGYPT (Knopf,
  $25.95) By Anne Rice.
  The Holy Family's trek
  back to Nazareth from
   Egypt, narrated by a
    7-year-old Jesus.
    Nonfiction/General
1 TEACHER MAN: A MEMOIR                           4
    (Scribner, $26) By
    Frank McCourt. The
   author of "Angela's
   Ashes" recounts his
    tenure in the NYC
  public school system.
2  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          36
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
3  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                            7
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
4 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES:                          6
  AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS
    (Simon & Schuster,
  $25). By Jimmy Carter
    Cautioning against
        religious
     fundamentalism's
        influence.
5     1776 (Simon &                              24
    Schuster, $32). By
     David McCullough
  Military campaigns and
   personal narratives
  tell the story of the
  first full year of the
   American Revolution.
6  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           10
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   grief and mourning;
    winner of the 2005
   National Book Award
     for nonfiction.
7 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          35
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
8  THE COMPLETE CALVIN                            8
   AND HOBBES (Andrews
  McMeel, $150). By Bill
  Watterson. The cartoon
  strip in its entirety
      from its first
   syndication in 1985.
9 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           1
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
1    AMAZING PEACE: A    1Rankings reflect sales for the week ended December
0 CHRISTMAS POEM (Random 11, 2005. The charts may not be reproduced without
  House, $9.95). By Maya permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2005
   Angelou. Read at the      by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
     lighting of the       italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
    National Christmas     which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
   Tree, Dec. 1, 2005.    Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
                                      separate, monthly list.)

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      May 4, 2003 Sunday WISCONSIN EDITION

MCCALLUM WANTED A BOAT BECAUSE, WELL, TOMMY HAD ONE

BYLINE: Cary Spivak and Dan Bice, Columnists

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 644 words


The question has been nagging ever since the story broke of how Scott McCallum's
staff worked overtime to finagle the then-guv a free boat -- a questionable deal
even to the most ethically challenged.

But now we know why McCallum so desperately wanted the pleasure craft.

"Tommy Thompson had a boat, so should I."

That's right. According to testimony by Chad Taylor, McCallum's then-chief
counsel, the once and former governor was jealous.

This nugget and others are in two Ethics Board reports released last week.
McCallum paid $13,500 to settle the board's investigations into the boat and his
use of a state plane to fly to Colorado to watch his son play soccer.

Among the insights:

Me want big boat: Despite his pronouncements that the 21-foot fishing boat was
no big deal, McCallum's staff told officials that it was a big deal indeed.

Mike Rogowski, then chief of staff, said he told Taylor that McCallum "is not
relenting on this and Taylor should 'find a way to make it work.' "

A staffer at Forward Wisconsin, which helped secure the craft in 2001, said she
ran into McCallum and his bodyguard a year later. In a brief conversation, she
recalled, McCallum turned to her and said, "I want the exact same boat."

In an interview last week, McCallum first said he was just asking for what his
predecessors got. But he admitted he knew back then that his former boss went a
decade without a state-owned craft because he had his own personal vessel.

"Hey, if I would have been re-elected, I would have gotten my own personal boat
too," the half-term Republican governor said.

Profiles in courage: The governor's weak-kneed staff lived in fear of telling
the boss anything bad about the boat -- or much of anything else either.

After a July 2001 meeting in which Department of Natural Resources types told
McCallum's staff that the boat should be returned, Rogowski is quoted as saying,
"Who'll tell Gov. McCallum he's going to lose his boat?"

Liar, liar pants on fire: When we first reported on the boat deal in October,
everybody had a different story about how and why the $38,000 freebie ended up
on the docks at the governor's mansion for most of the summer of 2001.

The best one came from Wayne Harris, president of Forward Wisconsin, the agency
headed by the governor that picked up the boat a second time after nervous state
officials returned it to Mercury Marine.

Harris said he needed the boat for a reception he was planning at the mansion,
though it was never held. "I don't think it was meant to give (McCallum) a boat
for the summer," he said.

But the former McDonald's franchisee made no mention of this supposed reception
to ethics officials, saying instead that he was simply trying to accommodate a
request from DNR Secretary Darrell Bazzell to use his agency to acquire the boat
for the guv.

Harris wasn't the only one caught telling fish tales.

McCallum told investigators he had no idea Mercury Marine supplied the boat
until they brought it to his attention. That one's really a stretch, since we
badgered him about that topic at an October campaign appearance and followed up
with a column. Other media jumped on board as well.

A footnote: McCallum may have told another whopper.

Last week, he told us the Ethics Board had blessed his scheme to use campaign
funds to cover the $13,000 bill for the Colorado flight.

Trouble is, the board did no such thing. It doesn't even have jurisdiction on
the issue.

In a Friday letter to McCallum's lawyer, board director R. Roth Judd confirmed
that McCallum wants the reimbursement from his campaign, but Judd denied ever
approving the plan.

The board got a personal check from the frugal McCallum and couldn't care less
whether he's made whole by his campaign.

Call Cary Spivak and Dan Bice at 223-5468 or e-mail sb@journalsentinel.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 6, 1995, Monday

NEW 'HOPE' SURGEON CUTS BUSY SWATH

BYLINE: By CHRISTY SLEWINSKI

SECTION: Television Pg.  56

LENGTH: 322 words

PETER Berg's kicking back in his mid-town hotel room, trying to finagle his way
onto the front page of The News.

It's a tough goal, as he'd be competing for space with O.J., some sort of local
crime shocker, or, perhaps, a feel-good story about puppies, kittens or kids.

But, even if he doesn't land the front page, Berg, the newest hot-shot doc,
Billy Kronk, on CBS' Monday night drama, "Chicago Hope," will certainly get his
share of attention as one of Hollywood's fastest-rising up-and-comers.

Film fans know him from "Late for Dinner," "Aspen Extreme" and, most recently,
from the cable-to-theater sleeper, "The Last Seduction," which benefited from a
positive-publicity stir when his co-star, Linda Fiorentino, was refused an Oscar
nod because the film debuted on the small screen.

In addition, he's in the midst of rewriting a recently sold screenplay, and is
putting in motion a one-act play he's written, and will direct, for L.A.'s
Winterfest next month.

"I went from being busy to too busy," says Berg, who'll also do a guest turn on
an upcoming episode of Showtime's "Fallen Angels."

Doing a TV series on top of everything else, he says, wasn't in the master plan.
But the quality of writing on "Chicago Hope," coupled with the reputation of
writer/producer David E. Kelley, swayed him.

Movies, theater, now TV. Quite an undertaking, one would think, for a guy who
insists that he's lazy. "I can sit around my house and do nothing," he says.
"I'm alarmingly content not working."

Lazy, maybe. Determined, definitely. At the close of the interview, Berg's still
pondering the front-page dilemma.

Maybe, he thinks out loud, he'll capture the attention of News editors by
throwing someone out his hotel window. Teasingly, he debates who it should be:
his younger sister, Mary, or his personal publicist, both of whom are sitting
across the room.

News to readers: He didn't make the front page.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 8, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Eilat

SECTION: Section 5; Page 26, Column 6; Travel Desk

LENGTH: 96 words


To the Editor: If I wanted to boost tourism in Redneck City and was able to
finagle a Travel section story on this hot spot, would you print the boast that
my resort has no Jewish community? Would you run a promotion that implies
''Jew-Free Vacation!''? I hope not. And I would have hoped that you would not
have done so on Dec. 11 in reference to the lack of Arabs in Eilat, Israel
(''Eilat has no Arab community . . . a fact the city's boosters like to point
out'').

Zionism may not be racism, but racism is racism, and this is racism.

JOHN HARTUNG
  Brooklyn

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Editor's note: The reference cited read in full: ''Eilat has no
Arab community and no significant religious population, facts the city's
boosters like to point out.''

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

Faith-based office tests others' faith

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 557 words


Two months ago, state Rep. John White tore into Gov. Ted Strickland, a minister,
about firing several Taft administration employees in the Governor's Office of
Faith-based and Community Initiatives.

"This is just a completely reckless act," said Rep. White, who is chairman of
the office's advisory board. "You're taking all the institutional knowledge away
without an orderly transition." He added that the governor was creating "the
appearance of complete incompetence," embarrassing himself before taxpayers,
do-good, religious groups and others dedicated to helping the poor, prisoners
and the homeless.

Today Rep. White is still defending the Taft team, but with much less gusto.

Rep. White led the charge in 2001 to create an office that works with
faith-based groups - groups that he believes too often are denied the
opportunity to help solve social problems only because they're faith-based.

His was no easy task. Some people worried about mixing church and state; others
complained that religious groups would finagle to use tax money to proselytize;
others speculated that, depending on who was in power, either religious liberals
or religious conservatives would be get shut out of the contest for money.

A born-again Christian, Rep. White was eager to prove the doubters wrong.

Now there are suspicions about politically connected people having an inside
track on a major contract let by the governor's faith-based agency.

Dayton Daily News Staff Writer Laura Bischoff reported Saturday that We Care
America, a Virginia-based company, got $2.1 million in 2005 to administer the
distribution of $22 million in federal welfare money over two years. That was a
huge infusion to an agency that had been started just four years earlier with a
$300,000 budget - and it represented the chance to lift up dozens of small
organizations that operate on a shoe string.

As it turns out, We Care, which has abruptly closed its doors in recent weeks,
has been sending the state one-page bills about what it's been doing to earn its
15 percent "overhead" fee; its bid to get the work in the first place was not
the lowest, and, in fact, its first price was hiked from $1.7 million to $2.14
million once it got the contract; it also has been criticized for billing for
services it said it would do for free.

In light of these concerns and the fact that an executive with We Care is
co-chairman of President George W. Bush's prayer team, some groups here in Ohio
that lost out in the bidding competition are asking themselves if they ever had
a chance.

The advisory board Rep. White leads has more than 30 people on it, and they
represent a cross-section of religious and political views. So it's a mystery
why the We Care America deal only now is coming to light.

The answer may be that a bunch of earnest people on the advisory board saw a lot
of other earnest people and groups getting what were relatively small amounts of
money to perform small acts of kindness, and they didn't look deeper. That's
somewhat understandable in that they weren't in charge of the how the
faith-based office was run; they were just advisers. Still, they should be
infuriated.

They - and their reputations for being people of conviction - were used to give
credibility to an agency whose actions are causing them now to pray that things
are not as questionable as they seem.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 25, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Starting Salaries but New York Tastes

BYLINE: By CARA BUCKLEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1664 words


Laura Werkheiser knew she would have to make many sacrifices to live in
Manhattan. Foremost among them was shopping for clothes.

Anticipating, rightly, that her Manhattan digs would be cramped and her budget
stretched, Ms. Werkheiser, 26, shipped 18 boxes of her clothes to her parents'
house in Omaha before moving here from San Francisco. The boxes sit in her
parents' basement. When she feels she needs to freshen up her look, Ms.
Werkheiser has her mother ship her several outfits from what she dryly refers to
as the ''Nebraska boutique.''

''If I shop,'' said Ms. Werkheiser, ''I can't have a social life and I can't
eat.''

Having one's mother mail rotating boxes of old clothing is just one of the
myriad ways that young newcomers to the city of a certain income -- that is,
those who are neither investment bankers nor being floated by their parents --
manage to live the kind of lives they want in New York. Every year around this
time, tens of thousands of postcollegiate people in their 20s flood the city
despite its soaring expenses. They are high on ambition, meager of budget and
endlessly creative when it comes to making ends meet.

Some tactics have long been chronicled: sharing tiny apartments with strangers.
Sharing those apartments with eight strangers. Eating cheap lunches and skipping
dinners -- not just to save money, but so that drinks pack more of a punch and
fewer need be consumed.

But there are smaller measures, no less ingenious, that round out the lifestyle.
These young people sneak flasks of vodka into bars, flirt their way into clubs,
sublet their walk-in closets, finagle their way into open-bar parties and put
off haircuts until they visit their hometowns, even if those hometowns are
thousands of miles away.

Ms. Werkheiser's salary as a publicist, while well south of six figures, might
be considered enviable elsewhere in the country, but in New York she has had to
reprioritize. So the remote wardrobe was not her only money-saving tactic. She
also gave up being a blonde.

Before moving from San Francisco last fall, Ms. Werkheiser realized that paying
salon prices for platinum tresses in New York would require cutting back on
needs like food and shelter. ''So I went natural,'' said Ms. Werkheiser. ''I
dyed it dark, a New York brunette.''

She and her friends have also located just about every B.Y.O.B. brunch spot in
the city, plotting them out on Google maps. The cost-consciousness, Ms.
Werkheiser says, is worth it: She adores New York and lives, with two roommates,
in a $3,450-a-month three-bedroom apartment on the Lower East Side, verily the
center of the universe for Manhattan's young and hip.

Drinking and eating carry their own complications. Especially if you are, say,
Noah Driscoll, a 25-year-old project manager for a Chelsea marketing company
whose salary is comparable to what a rookie teacher might make.

''For a little while I only ate grapefruits for my lunch,'' said Mr. Driscoll,
who pays $400 a month on his college loans, ''because they have a lot of
nutrients and they got me through the day.''

Mr. Driscoll has since started packing two peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches
for lunch. Dinner might be two baked potatoes. On a recent Monday, it was franks
and beans. On a good night, he might spend up to $6.

''To live like a human being on the salary that I make is very difficult in this
city,'' he said. ''You've got to forget about brands, you've got to forget
about, you know, what your mom made you growing up, and take what's out there.''

Mr. Driscoll's rent is reasonable: $725 for a room in a converted loft space
that he shares with five friends in Gowanus, Brooklyn, near Park Slope. Most of
his friends, however, earn far more than he does, and Mr. Driscoll is guilty of
that quintessential New York sin: coveting thy neighbor's salary. One recent
night, his roommates went to Peter Luger Steak House. Mr. Driscoll waved them
goodbye and stayed home.

Peter Naddeo, a 24-year-old musician, earns $15 an hour working as a temp in Web
development in Chelsea, and has perfected the tricky art of stretching lunch
into dinner. He moved to New York from Pennsylvania last fall and can barely
afford his $80 monthly college loan payments. He listens to a hand-me-down CD
player because iPods are out of reach. He pays $600 for a 10-by-10-foot room in
Williamsburg, Brooklyn, that has one saving grace: a window that faces east. For
lunch, Mr. Naddeo usually orders a $3.50 plate of yellow rice and beans from a
Latin American diner on Eighth Avenue, and eats late to ward off hunger pangs.
Sometimes he hits up a bar in his neighborhood where a $6 pint comes with a
small pizza. Or he relies on friends to feed him.

''My friends aren't rich,'' said Mr. Naddeo, who is slight. ''They're just
nice.''

''Pre-gaming,'' youth speak for drinking at home before going out, is another
cash saver. So is ferreting out bars that offer free drinks at certain times,
information that is handily compiled at myopenbar.com. Another trick is to
become a semiprofessional ''plus one,'' and tag along with connected friends to
events and shows. Strapped partygoers the city over often sell the contents of
goody bags online. The truly bold scrimper, armed with designer swag, might
''return'' items to a department store for credit.

Cassaundra Reed, a 26-year-old concierge, lives in the West Village with three
roommates, and pays $925 for a narrow room where the only viable sleeping
arrangement is a twin-size loft bed. Though she lives paycheck to paycheck, her
job comes with heavy perks: She often eats at top restaurants, drinks at trendy
clubs and sees Broadway shows, all free of charge.

''A lot of the things that I do in New York, I wouldn't be able to do, because I
would have to pay for a lot of it,'' she said. ''A lot of the restaurants that
I've been to, I wouldn't be able to go to at all, because I wouldn't be able to
afford it.''

Allison Mooney, 27, whose first job in the city was in publishing, often skipped
dinner before going out, and instead took along mixed salted nuts in her purse.
When things got really tight, she occasionally sneaked a flask filled with vodka
into bars. Other times, she reluctantly resorted to flirting.

''I find in other cities guys are more apt to buy you drinks and expect nothing
from it,'' Ms. Mooney said.

''Here, if they do buy you a drink, which is rare, you have to suffer through
flirtations. It's true,'' she said, adding, ''It's really cheesy.''

Now, though, Ms. Mooney is a publicist, and this month received a 40 percent
raise. She is also about to move in with her boyfriend, so the hard-core
scrimping and forced flirting are behind her, at least for now.

Still, some young men insist that women have it easier. The men say strangers
never buy them drinks. Mr. Driscoll recently took a date out for margaritas, to
a place that was supposedly cheap. They had four drinks and the bill came to
$45.

''I looked at the charge four times and immediately regretted it,'' he said.

Grooming presents its own challenges. Mr. Naddeo cuts his own hair with an
electric razor and wears hand-me-down clothes from friends. Mr. Driscoll has
curly hair that he says requires specific products and ''some taming.''

''I wouldn't go just anywhere'' for a cut, Mr. Driscoll said. ''Not to sound
metro, but I like my hair.''

For women, though, grooming can break the bank. Like Ms. Werkheiser, Ms. Reed
gave up being blond. But Ms. Werkheiser went further, renouncing manicures and
pedicures, and trolling Craigslist for hair stylists offering cheapish cuts.
Andrea Duchon, a 22-year-old freelance publicist, landed a spot as a hair model
for Bumble and Bumble, where she gets free cuts. Victoria Varney, 23, a brand
manager for the Soundgirl clothing line, schedules haircuts into her trips home
to Ohio. She also relies heavily on handouts from friends who work with other
designers, and on sample sales.

''That is how you shop,'' Ms. Varney said. ''There is no need to pay full price
here.''

Some indulgences are less negotiable than others. So Ms. Varney, formerly a
self-professed ''huge Sephora shopper,'' allows herself Dior mascara and
high-shine lip gloss, which cost about $25 each. ''Everything else, I've
regressed and buy at Duane Reade,'' she said.

Ms. Werkheiser refuses to give up her Bumble and Bumble shampoo. ''I don't do
drugstores,'' she said. ''I will eat Pringles for dinner instead.''

Adam Leibsohn, a 27-year-old communications strategist who makes roughly $60,000
a year and pays $1,650 a month for his own apartment in the East Village, says
the trick to squeaking by in the city is to swear off impulse purchases and
credit cards. He cooks for himself, pirates wireless Internet access and buys
electronics from Craigslist or eBay. If he wants new clothes, he unloads old
ones first at the Salvation Army, keeping the receipt for his taxes. ''It's kind
of a spartan lifestyle,'' he says. ''I eat a lot of street meat for lunch.''

Sarah Avrin, a 23-year-old music publicist, said she was struck recently by the
sacrifices that some people make to sustain their New York lifestyle when one of
her friends endured the long, painful process of selling her eggs.

Many young people wonder just how long they will be willing or able to pay their
dues to stay in New York until that new job, that big break or that coveted
raise comes along. Mr. Driscoll tries to constantly remind himself that he
''won't be eating scraps'' forever.

Mr. Naddeo, who has his own band, Archipelago, and plays in several others,
said, ''The whole plan is that something good will come along eventually, like
something will just come my way.'' One of the bands recently earned $180 at a
gig -- not a bad haul, except that 13 musicians were playing.

''I mean, New York's just the place for that type of thing to happen. And I'm
hoping it will soon,'' Mr. Naddeo said. ''I'll be rich and famous and this is
going to be hilarious.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Cassaundra Reed, 26: She lives paycheck to paycheck, but her
job as a concierge comes with perks like free Broadway tickets, restaurant meals
and drinks at trendy clubs.(PHOTOGRAPH BY CHESTER HIGGINS JR./THE NEW YORK
TIMES)
Peter Naddeo, 24: He cuts his own hair and makes a $3.50 plate of rice and beans
last for two meals. A musician who also does temp work in Web development, he
says, ''The whole plan is that something good will come along
eventually.''(PHOTOGRAPH BY CHESTER HIGGINS JR./THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Laura Werkheiser, 26: Knowing that living in Manhattan would leave her tight on
cash and space, she stored her clothes with her parents and occasionally has a
box sent to her. ''If I shop,'' she said, ''I can't have a social life and I
can't eat.''(PHOTOGRAPH BY STACY KRANITZ FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(pg. 27)
 Noah Driscoll, 25, with a home-cooked meal of franks and beans, has five
roommates, but he splurges on hair care.(PHOTOGRAPH BY STACY KRANITZ FOR THE NEW
YORK TIMES)(pg. 30)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Rock Hall material?;
Critic makes the call

BYLINE: By Jeff Miers - NEWS POP MUSIC CRITIC

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 788 words


Rock 'n' roll was never supposed to be respectable. It was, and still is at its
best, about questioning, yearning, challenging, destroying, celebrating, tearing
down, building up. It should be sexy and alive.

It does not belong in a museum.

Ho hum. Every year around this time, when the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in
Cleveland announces its list of nominees for induction, I reprise the above
argument. Then I promptly try to finagle a way to make it to the induction
ceremony, held each year at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City.

Hypocrisy? You bet. But rock 'n' roll has always embraced contradictions. It is
possible to simultaneously think the whole Rock Hall thing is a big joke, and
then petition madly for the inclusion of your favorite artists.

To be eligible for induction into the Rock Hall, an artist must have released a
first single or album at least 25 years prior to nomination, which means by its
own dictum, the Hall of Fame is targeting older artists. It's often a
celebration of what was, and has been criticized as such. Who cares? It's fun to
honor the best of the best.

This year's list of nominees is, like every year, both smart and a little bit
wacky. Here are folks who clearly deserve to be venerated. Here, at the next
table, are some folks who are lucky to have made a living off of music in the
first place. And over there, seated near Rolling Stone's Jan Wenner, are a few
of rock's sacred cows -- folks who, rock credibility demands, must be
acknowledged as geniuses even if they could barely play their instruments.

Following is my list of suggestions for the five who should have the velvet rope
lifted for them, and who should be told "Go home and put on some respectable
clothes if you wanna come in here, pal."

Chic

In or out: Out.

Why: This is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Let Chic be inducted into the Disco
Hall Of Fame. Seriously. As great as Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers are as
musicians, Chic was a forgetable disco band.

Career pinnacle: "Freak Out." 'Nuff said.

The Dave Clark Five

In or out: Out.

Why: The Dave Clark Five were Beatles-lite. They cranked out the hits, to be
sure, and they were a fun band. But this was the more cynical, commercial side
of the "Mersey" sound. A bit too close to bubblegum for comfort.

Career pinnacle: "Glad All Over," in 1964.

Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five

In or out: In.

Why: Grandmaster Flash is a progenitor of what we now understand to be the
language of the Hip Hop DJ. He was one of the first to mix, "cut" and "scratch."

Career pinnacle: 1982's "The Message," one of the first hip-hop records to
achieve platinum status.

R.E.M.

In or out: In.

Why: This band brought indie rock into the arenas of the world, and never failed
to make interesting, challenging, beautiful music. If we must have a rock 'n'
roll museum, then R.E.M. belongs in it.

Career pinnacle: Too many to count, and undoubtedly, still more in the future.

The Ronettes

In or out: In.

Why: Ronnie Spector. What else do you need to know? The Ronettes' records were
like pop symphonies, and they continue to resonate to this day.

Career pinnacle: "Be My Baby," 1963. Baroque and brilliant, sexy and a little
bit scary.

Patti Smith

In or out: In.

Why: Because she's Patti Smith. The punk rock poet. She has no peers.

Career pinnacle: Smith and her band never made a bad album. It almost seems an
insult to stick her in a museum when she is so obviously still in full
possession of her musical powers. But let's do it anyway.

The Stooges

In or out: Out.

Why: Because punk rock has been co-opted so often that it seems more like a
product line at a chain store in a mall than it does the repellent, angry,
incredibly dark and vomitus form of outrage it originally was. When Green Day
turns 25, stick them in the Hall. But leave the Stooges alone. Let us remember
them as they were.

Career pinnacle: The "Fun House" album, followed closely by "Raw Power." No Iggy
& the Stooges, no punk rock. Period.

Joe Tex

In or out: Out.

Why: Tex's soulful speak-sing was a clear precursor to rap. And the man was
funky. But his influence has not been particularly far-reaching, and much of his
material lacked concistency. A cool "below the radar" artist, but too obscure a
pick for the Hall.

Career pinnacle: "Hold On To What You've Got," 1965.

Van Halen

In or out: In.

Why: Because it will be absolutely brilliant to watch singer David Lee Roth
rejoin the band for a few numbers and leap around the Waldorf Astoria like a
drunken cross between an aging aerobics instructor and a way-too-baked surfer
dude. Now that's rock 'n' roll!

Career pinnacle: "Van Halen I," without a doubt, though any song with Eddie Van
Halen playing on it is a good song. Not a deep song, mind you, but a good song.

e-mail: jmiers@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images Grand Master Flash is one of 10 nominated for inclusion in
the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Rock Hall material?;
Critic makes the call

BYLINE: By Jeff Miers - NEWS POP MUSIC CRITIC

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 788 words


Rock 'n' roll was never supposed to be respectable. It was, and still is at its
best, about questioning, yearning, challenging, destroying, celebrating, tearing
down, building up. It should be sexy and alive.

It does not belong in a museum.

Ho hum. Every year around this time, when the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in
Cleveland announces its list of nominees for induction, I reprise the above
argument. Then I promptly try to finagle a way to make it to the induction
ceremony, held each year at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City.

Hypocrisy? You bet. But rock 'n' roll has always embraced contradictions. It is
possible to simultaneously think the whole Rock Hall thing is a big joke, and
then petition madly for the inclusion of your favorite artists.

To be eligible for induction into the Rock Hall, an artist must have released a
first single or album at least 25 years prior to nomination, which means by its
own dictum, the Hall of Fame is targeting older artists. It's often a
celebration of what was, and has been criticized as such. Who cares? It's fun to
honor the best of the best.

This year's list of nominees is, like every year, both smart and a little bit
wacky. Here are folks who clearly deserve to be venerated. Here, at the next
table, are some folks who are lucky to have made a living off of music in the
first place. And over there, seated near Rolling Stone's Jan Wenner, are a few
of rock's sacred cows -- folks who, rock credibility demands, must be
acknowledged as geniuses even if they could barely play their instruments.

Following is my list of suggestions for the five who should have the velvet rope
lifted for them, and who should be told "Go home and put on some respectable
clothes if you wanna come in here, pal."

Chic

In or out: Out.

Why: This is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Let Chic be inducted into the Disco
Hall Of Fame. Seriously. As great as Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers are as
musicians, Chic was a forgetable disco band.

Career pinnacle: "Freak Out." 'Nuff said.

The Dave Clark Five

In or out: Out.

Why: The Dave Clark Five were Beatles-lite. They cranked out the hits, to be
sure, and they were a fun band. But this was the more cynical, commercial side
of the "Mersey" sound. A bit too close to bubblegum for comfort.

Career pinnacle: "Glad All Over," in 1964.

Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five

In or out: In.

Why: Grandmaster Flash is a progenitor of what we now understand to be the
language of the Hip Hop DJ. He was one of the first to mix, "cut" and "scratch."

Career pinnacle: 1982's "The Message," one of the first hip-hop records to
achieve platinum status.

R.E.M.

In or out: In.

Why: This band brought indie rock into the arenas of the world, and never failed
to make interesting, challenging, beautiful music. If we must have a rock 'n'
roll museum, then R.E.M. belongs in it.

Career pinnacle: Too many to count, and undoubtedly, still more in the future.

The Ronettes

In or out: In.

Why: Ronnie Spector. What else do you need to know? The Ronettes' records were
like pop symphonies, and they continue to resonate to this day.

Career pinnacle: "Be My Baby," 1963. Baroque and brilliant, sexy and a little
bit scary.

Patti Smith

In or out: In.

Why: Because she's Patti Smith. The punk rock poet. She has no peers.

Career pinnacle: Smith and her band never made a bad album. It almost seems an
insult to stick her in a museum when she is so obviously still in full
possession of her musical powers. But let's do it anyway.

The Stooges

In or out: Out.

Why: Because punk rock has been co-opted so often that it seems more like a
product line at a chain store in a mall than it does the repellent, angry,
incredibly dark and vomitus form of outrage it originally was. When Green Day
turns 25, stick them in the Hall. But leave the Stooges alone. Let us remember
them as they were.

Career pinnacle: The "Fun House" album, followed closely by "Raw Power." No Iggy
& the Stooges, no punk rock. Period.

Joe Tex

In or out: Out.

Why: Tex's soulful speak-sing was a clear precursor to rap. And the man was
funky. But his influence has not been particularly far-reaching, and much of his
material lacked concistency. A cool "below the radar" artist, but too obscure a
pick for the Hall.

Career pinnacle: "Hold On To What You've Got," 1965.

Van Halen

In or out: In.

Why: Because it will be absolutely brilliant to watch singer David Lee Roth
rejoin the band for a few numbers and leap around the Waldorf Astoria like a
drunken cross between an aging aerobics instructor and a way-too-baked surfer
dude. Now that's rock 'n' roll!

Career pinnacle: "Van Halen I," without a doubt, though any song with Eddie Van
Halen playing on it is a good song. Not a deep song, mind you, but a good song.

e-mail: jmiers@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images Grand Master Flash is one of 10 nominated for inclusion in
the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                     July 4, 2002 Thursday Ontario Edition

Raps' Grunwald talking trade

BYLINE: Doug Smith, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 318 words

HIGHLIGHT:
GM hoping to shed some salary to help re-sign Keon Clark

Doug Smith

As Glen Grunwald tries to finagle himself the financial freedom necessary to
satisfy free agent Keon Clark, he's finding one rather large, um, blockage in
his way.

"The whole league is constipated," the Raptors general manager joked yesterday
after a fruitless day of talking trade.

Grunwald is trying to free up salary space to give the 6-foot-11 Clark a reason
to remain with the Raptors. He spent yesterday talking to a handful of other
general managers and was to speak with Clark's agent last night.

To create salary flexibility, though, the general manager is trying to peddle
players for draft picks or two players for one who is cheaper and is attempting
to convince rival GMs that he's doing it for their benefit, not just so he can
get Clark back.

It's no secret that keeping the lanky Clark will come down to dollars and sense
for the Raptors.

Without the boring details of NBA salary cap-ology, the best deal Clark can get
from another team already over the salary cap is a contract that begins at about
$4.7 million per year for three to six years with a 10 per cent raise each year.

The Raptors, meanwhile, can pay him any amount with a 12.5 per cent raise each
year so it's no shocker that his agent says Clark's first choice would be to
return to Toronto because of the financial considerations.

But, because of looming dollar-for-dollar luxury tax expected to be implemented
retroactively about a year from now, Grunwald and every other general manager he
talks to are leery about spending unnecessarily.

"It's really dragging," he said.

Only four teams - the L.A. Clippers, Chicago Bulls and, perhaps, the Golden
State Warriors and Washington Wizards - are expected to have enough cap room to
sign Clark for more than the $4.7 million exception and it would mean the
Warriors and Wizards would have to whack a handful of players to get there.


LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     May 19, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Flawless 'Annie' is a musical whose time has come, again

BYLINE: TRACY L. GLISSON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; THEATER REVIEW; EntertAinMent; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



The carrot curls are just as tight, the bald pate still gleams, and Sandy
hasn't aged a day.

In fact, the touring production of Annie, now at Mahaffey Theater, is  perhaps
more relevant now than in its 1977 Broadway debut. Based on the  Depression-era
comic strip Little Orphan Annie, the children's musical is a  statement on
optimism in trying economic times. Coupled with veteran screen  and stage
actors, technical mastery and a child star, Annie utilizes comedy  and
infectious lyrics for an evening of delight.

Ten-year-old Heather Soroka is the red-headed spitfire, the cuteness of a
magical voice tempered by her streetwise toughness. Soroka takes Annie from
"the hard-knock life" of the New York City Municipal Orphanage to  Hoovervilles
in search of the parents who left her 11 years earlier.

When Grace Farrell, secretary to the Midas-like Oliver "Daddy" Warbucks,
arrives to take an orphan home for Christmas, Annie reappears to finagle her
dimpled way into Warbucks' expensive home and expansive heart.

Thwarting Annie's stab at the good life is the jealous orphanage matron,  Miss
Hannigan (Marcia Lewis). Lewis' short, plump vixen is a geyser of comic
presence, her mean-spirited desire for "Easy Street" as lovable as it is
hateful.

That tough-minded business magnate with a soft spot for a certain redhead,  the
venerable "Daddy" Warbucks, is played by John Schuck (recognizable from  Robert
Altman and Star Trek features), whose resonant voice adds to a sly  performance.

From the destitution of Hoovervilles to Roosevelt's Brain Trust sessions,  Annie
sings with a fierce hopefulness in the face of mounting despair, her own  and
the country's. Martin Charnin's memorable songs, from I Don't Need  Anything But
You to You're Never Fully Dressed Without A Smile, chronicle both  hard times
and easy streets.

Led by Robert Fitch's sharp direction, Annie's performances, choreography,
costumes and accompaniment are flawless. From its sharpest critics and most
loyal fans - the half of the audience under 10 - Annie received its highest
praise: the bows-and-stockings crowd exiting on opening night, humming
Tomorrow.

THEATER REVIEW

Annie

The musical has one more performance tonight at 7:30 at Mahaffey Theater.
Tickets are $ 28.50-$ 37.50. Call 892-5767.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                        April 13, 2000, Thursday, FINAL

New York media discover 'gold-diggers': Sudden fascination leads to erroneous
conclusions about the status of women in Silicon Valley.

BYLINE: Damien Cave

SECTION: Networks; E5

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO -- ''Silicon Valley: Home to rich men, and the gold- digging women
who want their money.'' That's the gist of a page one article in Monday's New
York Times about the disproportionate number of eligible bachelors in Silicon
Valley -- and the poor women who just can't finagle a date with any of them.

It is also the topic of a feature story in this month's ''dot-com issue'' of
Harper's Bazaar. This new Wild West -- overflowing with coding cowboys who know
how to make hay while the sun shines, and nary a wife in sight -- apparently
fascinates the New York media.

''Sometimes, the troops of men strolling around downtown makes it seems like a
Boy Scout reunion is in town,'' writes Evelyn Nieves in the Times.

''And since this is also the land of the best educated, highest-paid workers in
the world, minting 64 new millionaires a day, single women in search of smart,
successful men should be having a ball.'' Her article then goes on to describe
the head-scratching phenomenon of why the girls aren't getting any.

''It's ridiculous,'' says Patty Beron, founder of SFgirl.com, a networking site
that maintains dot-com party listings and was mentioned in the Times article.
''Women make money and they date -- often people they meet at these parties,''
which the Times described as ''all about networking, not dating.''

Beron thinks the premise of the article was mistaken: ''No one I know complains
about not meeting people.''

Besides being untrue, the article is insulting, says Sylvia Paull, founder of
GraceNet, an entrepreneurs' networking group of more than 1,000 women who work
in high tech.

''Silicon Valley has spawned hundreds if not thousands of female high- tech
professionals, ranging from CEOs to senior executives, programmers, venture
capitalists, marketers, publicists, graphic artists, recruiters and, yes,
reporters,'' Paull wrote in a letter to the editor she sent to the Times on
Monday.

''I have no idea how these women go about meeting their mates, but neither does
your reporter -- women high-tech professionals are totally ignored in your
article, as if the only women available in Silicon Valley are kindergarten and
elementary school teachers.''

The Harper's Bazaar article, titled Who Wants to Marry a Multimillionaire,
limits its depiction of Silicon Valley working girls to ''P.R. bunnies.'' In
neither story is there any mention of female entrepreneurs.

This irks Paull, who wrote in her letter to the Times, ''It's unfair to have
women portrayed as gold-diggers when many women today are responsible for
creating the gold.''

So, how did the Times fall into telling such a tale? Perhaps a clue rests in a
new acronym tucked into Nieves' story.

''The valley is a weird world, unto itself,'' she writes. ''In this sphere,
techies take their dogs, birds and pajamas to work, and being too busy for
anything but becoming the next MOP (millionaire on paper) is as crucial to
fitting in as Palm organizers and T-shirts.''

MOP? We'd never heard of a MOP until we read it a few weeks ago -- in that
Harper's Bazaar article. Describing one of the thousands of ''wealthy'' Silicon
Valley bachelors who won't be wealthy until (and unless) his start-up goes
public, Nancy Jo Sales wrote that he was ''just a 'millionaire on paper' -- or,
say, an MOP.''

Looks suspicious to us -- but it still doesn't explain why the Times went after
the women of Silicon Valley. Beron, however, has a theory: ''New York is
jealous,'' she says.


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Southview, Northview wrapping up the year

BYLINE: Kyle Rowland, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 407 words


Oct. 23--At the dawn of fall camp in August, high school football teams
throughout the state of Ohio had playoff ambitions.

Those hopes have since dwindled in many communities, including Sylvania. But
Northview and Southview haven't handed in their equipment just yet.

Both teams still relish the opportunity to improve and build momentum for next
season.

"Obviously you have to try and finagle some things," Northview coach Doug
Downing said. "The loss last weekend (to Perrysburg) eliminated us from the
playoffs, so now you have to regroup as a coach and go with your players and
understand what they can and can't do.

"Our goal is to be 5-5. They haven't had a winning season here in a long time.
We can't get to 5-5 unless we get to 4-5. If we beat Maumee this week, we can
get to 5-5 next week against Southview."

The Wildcats (3-5, 0-5 NLL) play at Maumee, while Southview (2-6, 1-4) hosts
Anthony Wayne. Both games kick off at 7 p.m.tonight.

Downing, a former longtime University of Toledo assistant, is in the midst of
his second season at Northview. The Wildcats last winning season came in 2006
and the program is riding a decade-long playoff drought.

"We won three games last season in the first year," Downing said. "This year we
could win five, so you say we're on the right track. You go in to the offseason
with momentum and reward the seniors for getting the program in a positive
direction. You have to make sure your leadership continues to move forward."

This year marks Southview's first non-winning season since it finished 5-5 in
2002. The Cougars only returned 16 letter winners from 2014's seven-win team,
leading to a reliance on youth.

"It's still always about every week -- win the game you're playing," said
Southview coach Jim Mayzes, who's in his 22nd year. "I think that's enough
motivation. It's not always about the playoffs. Just win a game, win a play. It
becomes more simple and more focused. They have two home games -- senior night
and a city championship. It's two more opportunities to achieve some goals they
have not achieved and to play like they know how to play.

"We haven't tackled well and we've made mistakes. We know we could have played
better and won more."

Contact Kyle Rowland at: krowland@theblade.com, 419-724-6282, or on Twitter
@KyleToledoBlade.

Recommended for You

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151023-TO-Southview-Northview-wrapping-up-the-year-1023-20151023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

LaBute sweet on 'Orange' pic

BYLINE: DAVE McNARY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 03

LENGTH: 157 words


Neil LaBute will write and direct an adaptation of "The Burnt Orange Heresy,"
Charles Willeford's crime novel set in the world of modern art, with William
Horberg ("The Kite Runner") producing.
Project re-teams LaBute with Horberg after the duo worked on the remake of
"Death at a Funeral."
"We had a great experience making 'Death at a Funeral' together for Screen Gems
and were looking for something else to do together," Horberg told Daily Variety.
"We discovered that we were both big Willeford fans."

Willeford's novel, set in Palm Beach, centers on a corrupt art critic's attempts
to finagle an interview with a legendary but reclusive French painter.

Horberg noted that he was an associate producer on "Miami Blues," another
Willeford adaptation, bringing the project to Jonathon Demme and George Armitage
at the start of his career. He was an exec producer on "Milk" and is currently
exec producing "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" for Miramax.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 23, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

Fire officials should restore fiscal credibility

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 430 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Lincoln Fire Chief Mike Spadt and other city officials were at the Legislature
last week trying to finagle a way to make it easier to acquire land for more
fire stations.

Their time would have been better spent working on a way to restore the Fire
Department's fiscal credibility.

Right now, the department's expenses are running about $500,000 more than Spadt
promised a few years ago.

The chief and city officials seem locked into providing the department's
services using the same concepts and assumptions that have been used for
decades. That ignores how much the world has changed.

Nationally, the number of home and building fires has dropped by 40 percent in
the past quarter-century, thanks to improvements in materials and building
codes.

Lincoln has grown appreciably in the past decade. Although the numbers fluctuate
from year to year, the number of fires has failed to keep pace with the city's
growth.

Last year there actually were fewer fires than there were 10 years ago. Here are
the number of fires reported in the past decade, according to the Fire
Department's annual report: 1994, 758; 1995, 751; 1996, 690; 1997, 589; 1998,
509; 1999, 646; 2000, 608; 2001, 664; 2002, 762; 2003, 644; and 2004, 621.

Perhaps the trend toward fewer fires would permit some cost-cutting innovations.
Instead of building full-service stations staffed with expensive fire trucks,
what about setting up paramedic stations for ambulances for quicker response
times to medical emergencies?

The last time the department proposed two new stations it would have required
hiring 55 more employees to staff them. City officials said when fully
implemented, the expansion would have amounted to an increase of almost 13
percent in the city share of property taxes.

Is there a more effective way to deploy the department's resources?

The city's proposal that it be allowed to buy land in installments is not
unreasonable. The proposed change in law also might make it easier to acquire
land for parks and police stations.

But if city government leaders really are concerned about improving fire
services in Lincoln, they have other important priorities that can't be ignored.

They need to get the department's finances in order. They need to show that they
are working hard to provide their services in the most efficient way possible.
They need to show a willingness to innovate and adapt.

If Chief Spadt and other city leaders want to convince voters of the need to
build more fire stations and hire more firefighters, they need to restore public
confidence in their ability to use tax dollars wisely.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 26, 2013 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Does November still matter to the Virginia GOP?

BYLINE: Mark Plotkin

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 757 words


I have gone to 16 national political conventions, 11 Democratic and five
Republican, from infamous Chicago in 1968 to the 2012 coronations in Tampa and
Charlotte. Each had one thing in common: The party selected its nominee on the
first ballot.

I have long craved a convention where someone had to wheel and deal, persuade
and persist, maneuver and finagle, to win the crown. In other words, give me
more than one ballot. My dream convention: the 1924 Democratic gathering in New
York, which nominated John Davis on the 102nd ballot to face President Calvin
Coolidge in November.

Last weekend, the Republican Party of Virginia gave me what I had long been
looking for. I knew full well that Ken Cuccinelli II would be picked for
governor; he was unopposed. And there was just a two-man race for attorney
general. The real action, and potential for surprise, would be in the race for
lieutenant governor, where there was a glorious abundance of candidates. Seven
of them.

One should note that a state convention is first and foremost the ultimate
congregation of the party faithful. Delegates travel from every county to be
there; they don't have to be asked or recruited. They joyfully attend because
they are ideologically driven or rabidly partisan.

In this case, the one and only definitive requirement for winning their support
was that you be conservative.

Each of the candidates dutifully sought to out-conservative the others.
Businessman Pete Snyder had a poster that said, "Wanted: Conservative Outlaw."
Corey Stewart, chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors,
proclaimed that he was "Pro-life, Pro-gun, Anti-tax, and Won't back down." A
flier from Susan Stimpson, chairman of the Stafford County Board of Supervisors,
asked, "Who will stop Mike Bloomberg, Chuck Schumer and the gun grabbers?"

Even the moderate in the race, former state delegate and senator Jeannemarie
Davis, had to submerge her political identity. Her literature cried out, "A
Record of Protecting our Conservative Values."

To be anything but conservative in this setting was a political death wish.

One candidate stood out right away. There was a sea of red baseball hats with
yellow lettering bearing the name "Jackson" and the slogan "Let liberty light
the way for Virginia." No other candidate had hats. Hats carried the day!

E.W. Jackson was a political nobody when he ran in 2012 against George Allen for
the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate. Relegated as "fringe," he
finished a distant fourth. But last weekend Jackson was the story, the steak and
the sizzle. He gave a stemwinder of a speech. Even country-club Republican Jay
Garner of Westmoreland County, attired in seersucker with a perfectly tied bow
tie, told me Jackson was the only candidate that "brought them to their feet."
He said that Jackson "can rally folks" and "tells it like it is."

Jackson is a dazzling eclectic: an African American, a Marine Corps veteran, a
Harvard Law grad and a practicing preacher from Chesapeake. He has also made
life difficult for himself and his party with inflammatory rhetoric, such as
this: "Planned Parenthood has been far more lethal to black lives than the KKK
ever was."

The Republican Party establishment in no way wanted Jackson on the ticket. Maybe
I should amend: His running mates Cuccinelli and attorney general nominee Mark
Obenshain did not want him on the ticket. But the convention delegates loved
what Jackson was serving up. He led on every ballot and finally got a majority
on the fourth.

There were two telling no-shows in Richmond. Republican Gov. Bob McDonnell chose
to be in Wise, giving a commencement address. And Lt. Gov. Bill Bolling publicly
boycotted the gathering, stating prophetically, "Chances are, we will come out
of this convention with the most conservative and most ideologically driven
ticket we've ever nominated in the history of the state."

McDonnell four years ago attributed his success to the maxim that "elections are
won in the middle." This Republican convention went out of its way to position
itself to the far right.

In the early 1970s, the Democratic Party had a faction that called itself the
New Democratic Coalition. These people were to the left of George McGovern. The
New Democratic Coalition was universally called NDC, for short. Many thought
that this moniker really meant "November Doesn't Count."

If the Republican Party of Virginia is not careful and doesn't move to the
center fast, November won't count for it either.

The writer is political analyst for WTTG-TV (Fox Channel 5).

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                                August 22, 2008

St. Paul to be lower key, but still hoppin'

BYLINE: By Reid Wilson

LENGTH: 891  words


John McCain's coming out party will feature just as much partying as Barack
Obama's Denver convention, but in St. Paul, the crowd is expected to be lighter.
With half the number of delegates as Democrats, the floor of the convention will
be less crowded, and, thanks to a weak Republican brand, a surprising number of
GOP officials and political professionals will stay away.

 But poor sports be darned, there's still a party to throw, and thousands of
Republicans will head to McCain's coronation to fete their candidate and their
party. Given McCain's home state, Arizona members will play a prominent role,
too.

McCain, who is expected to name his vice presidential running mate the Friday
following the Democratic National Convention, will send his team to St. Paul
after what is expected to be a weekend of heightened press coverage following
the pick. And once Republicans get to Minnesota, the coverage will only mount.

Delegates and visitors will be greeted on Aug. 31 with a welcome party at the
Minneapolis Convention Center, where donors and party activists will mingle with
members of Congress and top party officials. After saying hello to friends and
contacts from around the country, finagle an invitation to the Southern
Delegation's opening reception, featuring Van Halen guitarist Sammy Hagar.

The policy briefings begin early on Sept. 1, with a discussion on faith and
politics featuring prominent evangelicals Richard Land, president of the
Southern Baptist Convention, and Jim Wallis of Sojourner Magazine. The afternoon
starts with a panel on Conservatism Today, featuring some of the right's top
young thinkers.

Unlike Democrats, Republicans have yet to name a significant number of speakers
at their convention. Proceedings are expected to begin around 7 p.m. (Central
Time) each night, though even the schedule remains in flux. Nevertheless,
delegates and guests can boogey down to the Beach Boys at an opening-night
concert open to the public.

Sept. 2 will bring a morning briefing on the foreign-policy challenges facing
the next president, an issue on which McCain would be happy to base his entire
campaign. Top experts from the Council on Foreign Relations and the conservative
Heritage Foundation will be presenting. Or, for those looking for an insight
into the sometimes mysterious world of polls and polling, join the Pew Research
Center's top pollster and Bill McInturff of Public Opinion Strategies,
considered one of the top Republican polling firms in the country.

Others will spend their day at the Mall of America, the biggest shopping complex
in the country, or with Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson at a
forum on finance sponsored by VISA and the NFL. After convention night wraps up,
delegates will head to a party sponsored by Maker's Mark and GQ, the men's
fashion magazine, or rock out with the Arkansas delegation at a concert at a
fashionable nightclub.

On Sept. 3, as McCain's vice presidential nominee prepares to make his or her
address to convention-goers, delegates can choose from a panel on the Middle
East, featuring experts from Harvard and the Council on Foreign Relations, or
more political wisdom from top insiders Jim Johnson, who headed John Kerry's
search for a vice presidential nominee, and Vin Weber, the former Minnesota
Congressman and top backer of ex-Massachuetts Governor Mitt Romney, a potential
vice presidential contender himself.

For afternoon entertainment, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, noted for
his guitar-playing ability, will play with his band, Capitol Offense, before
delegates head to the evening's festivities inside the Xcel Center. Those not
invited inside, and perhaps protesting the GOP gathering, can instead hear Rage
Against The Machine's rap metal at the Target Center, where the Minnesota
Timberwolves play basketball.

But the must-attend party, headed by U2 frontman Bono's ONE Campaign and the
Recording Industry Association of America, will come after McCain's vice
presidential pick makes his or her case to the convention. Rocker Daughtry is
featured, while the Creative Coalition hosts the Charlie Daniels Band nearby.

For those who can't wait for a discussion on tax policy, Sept. 4 is your day.
Political junkies will get their fix from a discussion on convention politics
with conservative columnist Bill Kristol, congressional scholar Norm Ornstein
and top political handicapper Stuart Rothenberg.

Both parties also will try to make serious money at their respective galas, and
perhaps few have been as successful at attracting major donors as the Republican
Governors Association. The group is selling tickets to various events on each
day, featuring their rising stars and party favorites like former House Speaker
Newt Gingrich. Packages go for as much as $250,000 for ten tickets to a series
of events, or as little as $5,000 for two tickets to fewer events. Other groups
like the Republican State Leadership Committee will hold their own fundraising
events.

But the night of Sept. 4 is McCain's turn to take the spotlight, speaking in
front of an audience that could be as large as 50 million viewers, though
convention audiences have waned in recent years. Seemingly as soon as it began,
McCain's coronation will be complete, tired delegates and activists on their way
home, and the nine-week sprint to November 4 will be on.?

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                                August 20, 2008

Republican convention in St. Paul to be lower key, but still hoppin'

BYLINE: Reid Wilson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 891  words


John McCain's coming out party will feature just as much partying as Barack
Obama's Denver convention, but in St. Paul, the crowd is expected to be lighter.
With half the number of delegates as Democrats, the floor of the convention will
be less crowded, and, thanks to a weak Republican brand, a surprising number of
GOP officials and political professionals will stay away.

 But poor sports be darned, there's still a party to throw, and thousands of
Republicans will head to McCain's coronation to fete their candidate and their
party. Given McCain's home state, Arizona members will play a prominent role,
too.

McCain, who is expected to name his vice presidential running mate the Friday
following the Democratic National Convention, will send his team to St. Paul
after what is expected to be a weekend of heightened press coverage following
the pick. And once Republicans get to Minnesota, the coverage will only mount.

Delegates and visitors will be greeted on Aug. 24 with a welcome party at the
Minneapolis Convention Center, where donors and party activists will mingle with
members of Congress and top party officials. After saying hello to friends and
contacts from around the country, finagle an invitation to the Southern
Delegation's opening reception, featuring Van Halen guitarist Sammy Hagar.

The policy briefings begin early on Aug. 25, with a discussion on faith and
politics featuring prominent evangelicals Richard Land, president of the
Southern Baptist Convention, and Jim Wallis of Sojourner Magazine. The afternoon
starts with a panel on Conservatism Today, featuring some of the right's top
young thinkers.

Unlike Democrats, Republicans have yet to name a significant number of speakers
at their convention. Proceedings are expected to begin around 7 p.m. (Central
Time) each night, though even the schedule remains in flux. Nevertheless,
delegates and guests can boogey down to the Beach Boys at an opening-night
concert open to the public.

Aug. 26 will bring a morning briefing on the foreign-policy challenges facing
the next president, an issue on which McCain would be happy to base his entire
campaign. Top experts from the Council on Foreign Relations and the conservative
Heritage Foundation will be presenting. Or, for those looking for an insight
into the sometimes mysterious world of polls and polling, join the Pew Research
Center's top pollster and Bill McInturff of Public Opinion Strategies,
considered one of the top Republican polling firms in the country.

Others will spend their day at the Mall of America, the biggest shopping complex
in the country, or with Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson at a
forum on finance sponsored by VISA and the NFL. After convention night wraps up,
delegates will head to a party sponsored by Maker's Mark and GQ, the men's
fashion magazine, or rock out with the Arkansas delegation at a concert at a
fashionable nightclub.

On Aug. 27, as McCain's vice presidential nominee prepares to make his or her
address to convention-goers, delegates can choose from a panel on the Middle
East, featuring experts from Harvard and the Council on Foreign Relations, or
more political wisdom from top insiders Jim Johnson, who headed John Kerry's
search for a vice presidential nominee, and Vin Weber, the former Minnesota
Congressman and top backer of ex-Massachuetts Governor Mitt Romney, a potential
vice presidential contender himself.

For afternoon entertainment, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, noted for
his guitar-playing ability, will play with his band, Capitol Offense, before
delegates head to the evening's festivities inside the Xcel Center. Those not
invited inside, and perhaps protesting the GOP gathering, can instead hear Rage
Against The Machine's rap metal at the Target Center, where the Minnesota
Timberwolves play basketball.

But the must-attend party, headed by U2 frontman Bono's ONE Campaign and the
Recording Industry Association of America, will come after McCain's vice
presidential pick makes his or her case to the convention. Rocker Daughtry is
featured, while the Creative Coalition hosts the Charlie Daniels Band nearby.

For those who can't wait for a discussion on tax policy, Aug. 28 is your day.
Political junkies will get their fix from a discussion on convention politics
with conservative columnist Bill Kristol, congressional scholar Norm Ornstein
and top political handicapper Stuart Rothenberg.

Both parties also will try to make serious money at their respective galas, and
perhaps few have been as successful at attracting major donors as the Republican
Governors Association. The group is selling tickets to various events on each
day, featuring their rising stars and party favorites like former House Speaker
Newt Gingrich. Packages go for as much as $250,000 for ten tickets to a series
of events, or as little as $5,000 for two tickets to fewer events. Other groups
like the Republican State Leadership Committee will hold their own fundraising
events.

But the night of Aug. 28 is McCain's turn to take the spotlight, speaking in
front of an audience that could be as large as 50 million viewers, though
convention audiences have waned in recent years. Seemingly as soon as it began,
McCain's coronation will be complete, tired delegates and activists on their way
home, and the nine-week sprint to November 4 will be on.



LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 18, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

CORRUPTION IN CLAYTON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 441 words


ST. LOUIS COUNTY COUNCIL

St. Louis County Executive George "Buzz" Westfall called Wednesday a "bad, bad
day for county government." The resignation of County Councilman Robert A. Young
IV after pleading guilty on a federal charge of accepting bribes is by far the
biggest scandal to hit Clayton in recent memory.

Young, 49, cut a deal with federal prosecutors to plead guilty to accepting
$4,500 in bribes to finagle the number of taxicabs licensed to do business at
Lambert Field. Pleading guilty along with Young was Michael Saggio, a manager
for Lambert Airport Transportation Co. Saggio admitted giving Young $3,000 in
bribes since taking over the company in June 1999. Young admitted taking an
additional $1,500 before then from another company executive who is now
deceased. The two men could face between 24 and 30 months in prison under
federal sentencing guidelines.

Routes from the airport generate high fares, so cab companies fight over them.
Before March 2000, there was a 129-cab limit at Lambert Field, and Young -- a
Bridgeton Democrat whose district included Lambert Field -- took bribes to try
to get more licenses for Saggio's firm. After the County Council eliminated the
limit in March 2000, Young took bribes to try to get the limits restored.

Federal prosecutors said Saggio also paid $1,500 in bribes to Councilman John
Campisi, R-South County. Mr. Campisi notified County Police and cooperated in
the investigation. "I did what I believe any good honest citizen should do," Mr.
Campisi said.

U.S. Attorney Ray Gruender said a councilman "who would sell his office for any
amount is extremely dangerous to the proper functioning of government." He vowed
that public corruption would be a high priority of his office. That's
reassuring, though next time around, Mr. Gruender sho uld avoid doing favors for
high-placed crooks. Young was allowed to slip into the courthouse, enter his
plea and disappear on bond without facing the public he'd cheated. Justice
should be blind, not private.

Young's resignation means that two of the seven council seats are now open. A
special election is set for Feb. 5 to fill the 3rd district seat vacated in
September, when Republican Edith Cunnane resigned for health reasons. Before
Wednesday the council was split 3-3 between Democrats and Republicans. The best
that Democrats can now hope for is a continuation of the split until a special
election can fill Young's 2nd District seat.

Mr. Westfall and the five remaining council members should spend the interim
considering how they can restore the county's reputation for honest, efficient
government.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 September 19, 1996, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

Disciplining lawyers is the public's business

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 372 words


ONE OF OUR frequent complaints about government at all levels is that boards,
commissions and authorities acting in the public's name are not directly
accountable to elected officials. That is, to our way of thinking, a structural
design flaw that should in every instance be corrected.

Georgia's arrangement for disciplining lawyers is an example of a system that is
structurally defective. The association that represents lawyers, the State Bar
of Georgia, investigates complaints against them and makes recommendations to
the state Supreme Court, which then officially imposes sanctions.

In theory, of course, the Supreme Court renders the judgment. And its members
are legally accountable to voters, even if judges and the governor do finagle
their way around meaningful accountability by avoiding contested elections.

As a practical matter, however, the bar association keeps the gate. A
complaining citizen has to take a complaint against a lawyer to the lawyers'
representatives. No matter how well the lawyers police, the fact remains that
citizens' complaints should go for resolution to the state, and not to an
association representing lawyers.

A panel appointed by the Georgia Supreme Court agrees. The 13-member panel,
appointed a year ago, has recommended that lawyer discipline be moved from the
State Bar of Georgia to a separate commission that will report directly to the
Supreme Court.

The report presented Tuesday also recommends elimination of all forms of private
discipline in which sanctions are never revealed to the public. It also
recommends making disciplinary matters public once investigators believe a
complaint could be justified.

"We need to make sure that members of the public don't have a perception this is
a system that protects lawyers," said A. James Elliott, a former State Bar
president and now associate dean of Emory University School of Law. "They need
to believe it's a system to protect the public."

Praise them, grandly and gloriously, this 13-member panel. Their recommendations
are sterling, long overdue. Of course, members of the Supreme Court should
accept them. We hope, too, that in creating the commission, nonlawyers will be
given equal representation.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 13, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Condo Incentives

BYLINE: By JULIE SATOW

SECTION: Section RE; Column 0; Real Estate Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1940 words


THREE months ago, when Wei Min Tan, a broker at Rutenberg Realty, negotiated a
deal for a new $3 million three-bedroom condominium at the Aldyn on the Upper
West Side, he was able to save his buyers $95,000 in transfer taxes and other
costs, as well as to finagle a free storage space.

But now, Mr. Tan said: ''I don't know if I could get the same deal. Literally a
month ago, the market turned, and there is now a feeding frenzy.''

The optimism that has washed over the New York real estate market this spring
has swept up new developments in its wake. As recently as late last year, buyers
could expect to negotiate with developers on price and closing costs like taxes
and legal fees. But these incentives are rapidly drying up, buyers, brokers and
developers say.

Lack of inventory is largely responsible for the trend. According to UrbanDigs,
a Web site that tracks real estate data, in the 16 consecutive months between
September 2010 and February 2012, the number of new condominiums, co-ops and
town houses coming on the market in Manhattan shrank when compared with the same
period the year prior. And since a short blip in February, that downward
trajectory has resumed.

Last month, 1,624 listings came on the market, a drop of nearly 8 percent from
April 2011 and a 21.5 percent decrease from April 2010.

At the same time, the pace of signed deals in Manhattan is the highest it has
been since UrbanDigs began collecting data in 2008, said Noah Rosenblatt, the
site's founder. In April, for example, 1,164 contracts were signed, a 13.6
percent increase over the same period last year; in March, 1,213 contracts were
signed, a jump of nearly 16 percent over March 2011.

''This story has been 18 months in the making,'' Mr. Rosenblatt said. ''When you
have a surge in the number of new deals while at the same time supply is
constrained, the result is a very strong market with bidding wars and a buying
frenzy -- call it an extreme spring fever, if you will.''

This winter, Isabelle Lambotte of Princeton, N.J., and her family were looking
for an investment property and pied-a-terre in New York City. They settled on
Chelsea, specifically a new condominium conversion at 422 West 20th Street.

''There were so many other people interested, it was crazy, with everyone
placing offers,'' Ms. Lambotte said, ''so we wondered if the unit would even be
available. We were told there was no flexibility, and honestly, we didn't even
think about negotiating.''

She bought a two-bedroom apartment for more than the asking price. She declined
to reveal the amount she had paid because the deal has not closed, but
two-bedrooms are listed for $1.075 million to $2.095 million, according to the
building Web site.

At some new buildings, the tables have been completely turned: developers are
raising prices. At two developments, Stribling Marketing & Associates has
amended offering plans filed with the New York State attorney general's office,
which oversees new condominiums, to reflect new, higher prices.

One of the two, a prewar conversion developed by the Rudin family at 130 West
12th Street, began marketing in November and has sold 41 of 42 condos. Before
the sales office opened, said Steven Rutter, an executive vice president and
managing director of Stribling Marketing, there was a waiting list of ''a few
hundred people, and once we opened, we were fully booked for weeks'' giving
tours.

None of the sales have involved any concessions, and all have been for the
asking price or more, he said. ''We are selling from a position of strength,''
was his assessment. A four-bedroom on the eighth floor, for example, was
originally listed for $5.735 million; in March its price was raised by 6 percent
to $6.1 million. It is now in contract, according to Streeteasy.

At the other development, 20 Henry Street, a two-building project in Brooklyn
Heights that is more than 50 percent sold, sales have been averaging more than
$1,000 a square foot, Mr. Rutter said. This compares with an average of $745 a
square foot in the first quarter for new developments in the borough, according
to data from Douglas Elliman.

Asking prices at the 38-unit development, a conversion of the 19th-century Peaks
Mason Mints factory joined with a new condominium next door, range from
$450,000, for a studio, to $2.895 million for a four-bedroom. Prices have been
raised on various units, including a two-bedroom loft listed for $1.285 million
after a 5 percent increase in March, Streeteasy says.

Incentives have also ended in many neighborhoods not considered the choicest in
Manhattan or Brooklyn. Joelle Deroy and her family had lived in Manhattan for 20
years before returning to France about two and a half years ago. ''We miss New
York and wanted an investment property that could eventually become a
pied-a-terre,'' said Ms. Deroy, an artist. She recently signed a contract for a
studio at the Apex, a 44-unit condominium at 2300 Frederick Douglass Boulevard
in Harlem, above the Aloft hotel.

''They were very firm about the price,'' said Fabienne Lecole, a senior vice
president of Corcoran, which represented Ms. Deroy. ''This is pretty new,
especially in Harlem. I knew the apartments had been on the market for a while,
so we were hoping to get some kind of negotiation. But all of a sudden the
market accelerated and there were three offers on the unit, so we paid very
close to asking price and were given zero incentives.''

The deal has not yet closed, but studios in the building have gone into contract
for $325,000 to $370,000, said Martin D. Brady, the vice president for sales of
the Marketing Directors, which is representing the Apex.

''We signed nine contracts in April,'' Mr. Brady said, ''and two were for the
full asking price, while the others were within 2 to 3 percent of the asking
price.''

But the news for buyers is not all bad. It is still possible to find
developments eager to offer incentives, particularly in less well-established
neighborhoods.

At a 20-unit condominium development at 904 Pacific Street in Crown Heights,
Brooklyn, the developer is offering to cover New York City and New York State
transfer taxes. For example, the buyer of a one-bedroom apartment there at an
asking price of $449,000 would save approximately $7,000.

At 534 West 42nd Street, an eight-unit loft building in the Far West Side, the
developer is offering a free one-year membership to any gym in the neighborhood.
''Because it is a loft building,'' said Frances Katzen, a managing director of
Prudential Douglas Elliman, ''there is no room for amenities, so the developer
decided to create this incentive since buyers were noting that other buildings
in the neighborhood have gyms.''

At Rockwell Place, a 36-unit condominium development in Fort Greene, Brooklyn,
the developer is offering minor upgrades, like wood flooring on the garden decks
or custom sound systems, rather than price discounts. Developers often prefer to
negotiate on upfront costs like taxes and brokerage fees, in large part because
any price cut would set a benchmark for future sales. Other costs can be quietly
negotiated on a per-deal basis that will not necessarily be publicly known.

''We don't want to budge on asking prices,'' said Andrew Barrocas, the chief
executive of MNS, which is marketing the project. ''But we are offering
incentives to make buyers really feel like they are a getting a good deal.''

Brokers say the biggest factor in how much a developer is willing to negotiate
is the number of units already in contract.

''I always say, 'First in and last in get the best deals,' '' said John Gomes,
an executive vice president of Prudential Douglas Elliman. ''You want to
kick-start the project, and getting that first buyer can be a challenge, since
no one wants to make the first move, so you may offer some incentives.

''And,'' he said, ''by the end of the project, when you just have one unit left,
you often want to just finish up rather than hold out for a higher price.''

Landing the first few buyers is critical for new construction. Developers must
sell 15 percent of the units before the state attorney general will declare the
project active, meaning it is a fully functioning condominium and closings can
begin.

Often, to reach this threshold, developers draw in buyers by negotiating on
price, paying for closing costs and offering brokers commissions of 4 percent or
higher rather than the traditional 3 percent. It can be especially difficult to
reach this benchmark, because banks are reluctant to lend before a project is 50
percent sold -- so developers have to hope for cash buyers or make deals that
are not contingent on financing.

Once 50 percent is reached, Fannie Mae is usually willing to act as a lender,
and other banks will also be more amenable to make loans.

''When you hit 50 percent to 60 percent sold, it opens up a whole new universe
of buyers,'' said Kenneth S. Horn, the president of Alchemy Properties, who is
in the midst of selling condos at the Griffin Court, at 800 10th Avenue.

''Now that the project is 75 percent sold,'' he said, ''we are almost not
negotiating anything, but to get up to around 25 percent we were flexible on
price and transfer taxes.''

For the past three months, Griffin Court has been averaging two deals a week,
and prices within 2 percent of asking. ''A combination of the lack of available
product on the market right now, low interest rates, and the fact that the
project is already more than halfway sold,'' Mr. Horn said, ''means that as a
developer, I really don't have to negotiate at all.''

With few new apartments coming on the market, it is likely that the pace of
signed contracts will wane. ''I'll be surprised if we can keep up this pace of
producing over 1,000 new deals a month as we head into June,'' said Mr.
Rosenblatt of UrbanDigs. Low inventory and strong demand have historically
driven prices higher, but closings are several months away for contracts signed
this spring; only after that will sales prices be publicly recorded.

Most of the new projects in the pipeline are small boutique buildings. ''Nobody
is doing 150- or 200-unit projects at this point,'' Mr. Horn said, ''because it
is hard to find sites that are large enough, and it is just too risky putting so
many units on the market at once.''

Instead, Alchemy is preparing two smaller developments: 32 condominiums and 11
town houses at 291 Union Street in Carroll Gardens that will begin marketing in
June and be ready for occupancy next year; and a 57-unit condominium, as yet
unnamed, at 35 West 15th Street off Fifth Avenue in Manhattan that will not be
ready until 2014.

''We are already inundated,'' Mr. Horn said, ''with over 100 people on each
waiting list.''

GAME PLAN

The New York real estate market has tightened this spring, but buyers can still
get good deals on new condos. Following are some tactics you might consider:

BE FIRST Developers want to kick-start sales to generate momentum, and they also
need to sell a certain percentage of units to qualify the condominium as a
functioning business entity.

BE LAST Especially if a project has been on the market for many months, the
developer and brokers may offer discounts or incentives to unload the final few
units.

ON THE MARGINS Smaller developments in emerging or out-of-the-way neighborhoods
can be harder to sell. But if they meet your needs, there are bargains to be
had.

BRING CASH Buyers who don't need financing contingencies in their contracts are
a developer's dream.

RESPECT THE ASKING PRICE Developers are loath to offer price discounts because
they lower the value of all other units. Instead, ask if some closing costs or
legal fees could be covered.

N

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: 800 10TH AVENUE: The Griffin Court is 75 percent sold and
''almost not negotiating anything,'' says Kenneth S. Horn of Alchemy Properties.

130 WEST 12TH STREET: Forty-one apartments sold at the asking price or more,
says Steven Rutter of Stribling Marketing & Associates. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY LIBRADO
ROMERO/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
60 RIVERSIDE BOULEVARD: The Aldyn, on the Upper West Side, is among the
condominiums where help with closing costs may be history. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
MARILYNN K. YEE/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 96 ROCKWELL PLACE: The developer is offering upgrades, not discounts.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHELLE V. AGINS/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (RE8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Watson offers no guarantee of selection to Woods or Mickelson;
Experienced duo may well be crowd pleasers and ratings magnets but form will
dictate if they make US side

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1016 words


The early-arriving British Open fans formed a receiving line along Royal
Liverpool's first hole and tried to finagle a greeting from Tiger Woods with
their cries. From young voices, old voices, high voices and low voices came a
steady stream of good cheer: "Welcome back, Tiger." "C'mon Tiger." "Go Tige'."
"I play golf because of you, Tiger."

The best US golfers will return to Britain in September for the Ryder Cup at
Gleneagles in Scotland. Judging by the Britons' send-off for Woods at Hoylake,
it would seem they are not assuming he will grace their shores again anytime
soon.

Woods, playing his sixth competitive round since returning from back surgery
that sidelined him for nearly four months, closed with a three-over-par 75 for a
72-hole total of six-over 294.

Only four players, including the reigning US Open champion Martin Kaymer, posted
a higher number on Sunday. Scoring seven strokes better than Woods for the round
was Tom Watson, the 64-year-old in whose hands Woods' Ryder Cup fate rests.

After Watson finished his five-birdie, one-bogey masterpiece, he stopped to
answer a few questions, one of which concerned Woods' Ryder Cup status.

Repeating himself, Watson said as long as Woods was healthy and playing well, he
would be on the team that faces the Europeans. "What's he doing today?" Watson
added. "Is he shooting under par?"

When Woods' score was relayed to him, Watson kept his poker face, as befits a
man holding his three captain's picks close to his sweater vest.   Rankings
With two main Ryder Cup auditions left - the World Golf Championships event in
Akron, Ohio, and the year's final major, the PGA Championship - Woods has 71
players ahead of him in the US rankings.

The first nine in the rankings are guaranteed spots, and to add furrows to
Watson's brow, another Ryder Cup mainstay, Phil Mickelson, has not played his
way onto the team. The two players immediately ahead of Mickelson, who is 12th,
are Patrick Reed and Brendon Todd. Reed, 23, has two wins in 2014 but has missed
the cut in two of the three Majors.

Todd, 28, has four top-five finishes, including a victory, in his past seven
starts. "I can't really say that I expect to be picked," Todd said after closing
with a 67 to finish at one-under 287. "Phil and Tiger are the best players in
the world, and you really can't ever say they're not worthy of a pick."

Woods and Mickelson have made 16 Ryder Cups between them. Watson is hopeful they
will sharpen their games at the next two events, and during the FedEx Cup
play-offs for which Woods has yet to qualify.

"If Phil and Tiger don't make it in the mix, I've got some real thinking to do,"
Watson said. "Everybody is thinking that I'm going to pick them automatically. I
can assure you that I'm not going to pick them automatically."

That is fine with Mickelson, who said he would like to keep his 19-year streak
going of making it on merit. "If I don't get in on my own, I don't know if I've
played well enough this year to deserve a spot," he said after closing with a 68
to finish tied for 23rd. "You want players that are hot, that are playing well.
And I need to step up and start doing that."

Watson is intent on putting together a 12-man squad willing and able to avenge
the Americans' upset loss to Europe at Medinah in 2012. Thickening the plot is
the fact that the top nine in the US standings are collectively thin on
experience.

With the exception of Jim Furyk, who all but nailed down his ninth appearance
with his fourth-place finish on Sunday, none have competed in more than three
Ryder Cups, and two - Jimmy Walker and Jordan Spieth - would be rookies.

Spieth was on last year's Presidents Cup team but challenging an International
squad on home soil is a golf holiday compared with facing the Europeans on the
road.   Leadership Bubba Watson, who sits at number one, has appeared in two
Ryder Cups. Is Bubba Watson, who exhorted the crowd to make noise at last year's
Presidents Cup, the leader Tom Watson wants the rest of the team falling in line
behind? Before heading home after missing the cut, Bubba Watson spoke of the
team event as if it were a biennial barnstorming tour.

He said: "At the Ryder Cup there are a lot of people that don't play golf. There
are a lot of sponsors that have probably never seen the golf course before. So
just trying to grow the game in a different way. That's what Ryder Cup is all
about. It's not drawing blood to one another."

The other Watson has a different view, judging by the gleam in his eye when he
spoke of Rickie Fowler, who was seventh in the points race at the week's start.
Of Fowler, who cemented his spot with his tie for second on Sunday, Tom Watson
said he was "at the stage right now where he's about ready to run the table".

He added: "I'm looking at all the players that have a chance. I said about Tiger
that I'll pick him if he's playing well and he's in good health. And Phil is the
same way. If he's playing well, again, how can you not pick those two?"

Mickelson and Woods are crowd pleasers, and ratings magnets, which is lost on
neither the captain nor the playing candidates. "I know the only way I'm going
to be on the team is if I make the team," said Matt Every, who has one victory
in 2014, which is one victory more than Woods and Mickelson combined. Every, who
posted a 78 on Sunday, added: "There's just so many things that go into it, and
it's shaping up like a lot of good players might not be in the top nine so I
could see it being a tough spot for a captain."

At Gleneagles, a premium will be placed on driving, which is one part of Woods'
game that needs polishing (his short game is another). Woods' 69th-place finish,
his worst showing as a professional in a Major in which he completed 72 holes,
included nine bogeys, three double bogeys and two triple bogeys.

If Woods were Watson, would he use a captain's pick on him? "I would say yes,"
Woods said. "But that's my position, my take on it. Obviously it's his decision.
He's going to field the best 12 players that he thinks will win the Cup back.
And I hope I'm on the team." New York Times

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              April 6, 2008 Sunday

IT S A SCAM A DAY - MED FIRM'S RAP SHEET

BYLINE: SUSAN EDELMAN

SECTION: Metro Bulldog; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 502 words


A giant health-insurance company linked by Attorney General Andrew Cuomo to an
alleged scheme to rip off millions of New Yorkers has been accused of numerous
other scams to deny coverage for consumers and boost profits, The Post has
learned.

Cuomo last month accused a data-collection company, Ingenix Inc., of a devious
scheme to finagle health-care cost data. The rigged data helped major insurance
companies slash reimbursement to healthcare providers and force patients to pay
more out of pocket, he charged.

But Ingenix's parent company, UnitedHealth Group Inc., which also stood to gain
from the alleged scheme, has cheated New York hospitals, doctors and patients
for years - getting away with only slaps on the wrist, critics charge.

"It's a scam a day," said David Rosen, CEO of Medisys Health Network, which
includes Jamaica, Flushing and Brookdale hospitals. "Like shoplifters, they
constantly find new ways to rip us off."

The Medisys hospitals filed a little-noticed lawsuit in Brooklyn federal court
last year alleging sweeping violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations (RICO) Act against United and its New York subsidiaries - United
Healthcare of New York and Oxford Health Insurance.

Cuomo's probe is the second crackdown by his office on the company in two years.

In 2006, then-Attorney General Eliot Spitzer found, United Healthcare's Empire
Plan "erroneously" listed doctors as in-network, which would allow patients to
make a small co-payment.

Instead, the policy holders were saddled with much higher bills - the difference
between what the out-of-network doctor billed and the amount United paid. The
company blamed "computer-programming problems."

Spitzer fined the company - which reported $75 billion in revenues last year -
$45,000.

That year, the state Health Department cited United Healthcare for repeatedly
failing to file financial reports and wrongfully denying claims. The state
briefly banned United from selling plans.

Last August, United agreed to pay $20 million in a 37-state settlement stemming
from widespread complaints of delays in handling claims, use of incorrect rates
and excessive denials.

New York's Insurance Department collected a $3.7 million share, plus $300,000 in
a separate settlement, officials told The Post.

The department says United has nearly the worst record - ranked 14th of 15
health insurers - based on complaints found valid.

In one horror story cited by the RICO suit, a 63-year-old man with Oxford
insurance was admitted to Jamaica Hospital with a serious infection, high blood
pressure and anemia.

The man also suffered kidney failure and diabetes, but Oxford refused to cover
his transfer to a skilled nursing facility, insisting he needed only nursing
visits and physical therapy at home.

Oxford stymied the hospital's efforts to appeal, the suit says. The man went
home and broke his hip.

While his "condition was worsening daily," the suit says, Oxford again cut off
coverage, leaving the hospital holding the bag.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             April 5, 2007 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PENGUINS HIRE NEW PRESIDENT;
MOREHOUSE PLAYED BIG ROLE AS CONSULTANT IN ARENA DEAL

BYLINE: Shelly Anderson, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 618 words


As a boy in the 1970s, David Morehouse snuck into the Civic Arena to watch the
Penguins. He figures in a pinch he could finagle entry into what is now called
Mellon Arena.

"I think I could still do it -- in this arena. In the new arena, you won't be
able to sneak in," Morehouse said yesterday.

Not that he'll need to be surreptitious anymore.

Morehouse, 46 and a Beechview native, was named president of the Penguins after
spending the past 21/2 years as the team's senior consultant in its quest for a
new arena.

Last month, the team reached a deal for the new facility, which will be built
across Centre Avenue from Mellon Arena. Morehouse will be heavily involved with
the redevelopment of the Mellon Arena site, governmental affairs and corporate
relations. The ticket sales, marketing, corporate sales and communications
departments also will fall under his watch.

Ken Sawyer had served as president and CEO since owner Mario Lemieux stepped
down as CEO more than a year ago. Sawyer remains the CEO. Lemieux, Ron Burkle
and several minority partners decided to retain ownership of the club after the
arena deal.

Morehouse's background is heavy in politics. He was a senior advisor to the Sen.
John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign, including serving as Kerry's traveling
chief of staff. He worked in the Bill Clinton-Al Gore White House, at the
Pentagon and on Capitol Hill for much of the 1990s. He was senior counselor to
vice president Gore from 1999-2001.

"I always thought I'd be working for a president, but not of a major sports
franchise," Morehouse said. "But this is much better."

Morehouse worked with Penguins ownership and management during its arena
negotiations, but said joining the Penguins in a permanent capacity didn't come
up until after the deal was struck.

It's a heady job for someone who began his higher education at CCAC-Allegheny
and his political career as a motorcade driver.

"It's going to be very rewarding," Morehouse said of his new job. "Growing up in
Pittsburgh and knowing the challenges the Penguins have faced the last few
years, and knowing that we have an arena deal in place and the opportunity to
build a world-class facility. And the team's performing unbelievably well. And
then the 20-acre development -- it could be a catalyst for much greater things
for the region."

Morehouse is a graduate of South Hills Catholic High School (now Seton-LaSalle).
After CCAC, he attended Duquesne University. From 1997-98, he was deputy
director of D.A.R.E. America, the worldwide drug prevention program.

He received a master's degree in public administration from Harvard in 1999 and
worked as the deputy director of executive education at Harvard's John F.
Kennedy school of government from 2001-03.

Morehouse's appointment as Penguins president means he'll still be dealing with
politicians, as well as working for a team he grew up admiring.

"It's a dream come true for a kid from Pittsburgh," he said. "It's a dream job.
It gets me out of politics and into an honest living."

The Penguins pared their organization a few years ago in anticipation of the
work stoppage that wiped out the 2004-05 season, but they are ready to branch
out again.

"We're going to move from a phase of consolidation pre-lockout and lockout to a
much broader expansion-based strategy," Morehouse said. "We're going to have to
build this arena. We're going to have to expand our presence in the community
and the corporate community."

His new job will bring him into contact with many people from various walks.
They shouldn't expect him to divulge tips on sneaking into Mellon Arena.

"I did it a number of different ways, but I can't give away my secrets," he
said, "in case I still have to get into games."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Morehouse -- A dream job

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 14, 2002 Saturday Home Edition

THRASHERS REPORT: Solid centers key to offense clicking

BYLINE: GUY CURTRIGHT

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 364 words


Calder Trophy winner Dany Heatley proved late last season that he could play
center, and veteran acquisitions Slava Kozlov and Shawn McEachern will get a
look there in training camp.

But coach Curt Fraser knows the Thrashers' hopes of making a push for the
playoffs would be enhanced if all three are able to stay on the wing this
season.

That would mean Patrik Stefan living up to being a No. 1 overall NHL draft
choice, and veteran Tony Hrkac or one of the team's young centers producing
while playing on a top line.

"Hopefully, we won't have to move guys into the middle," Fraser said as the
Thrashers took to the ice for their first workouts Friday. "If we don't have to
finagle anything, that means the centers are doing a good job."

If they come through, the Thrashers should have at least two, and possibly
three, productive lines. In addition to Stefan, the Thrashers think wingers Tomi
Kallio and Lubos Bartecko are capable of breakthrough seasons.

In the early days of camp, Kozlov and Russian countryman Ilya Kovalchuk will
play with rookie center Mark Hartigan. Stefan will center for Heatley and
Bartecko, while Hrkac plays between McEachern and Kallio.

"I know our offense is going to be a lot better this season," Fraser said.

Krupp is Mr. Fitness

Given conditioning programs to work on this summer, most players returned to
Atlanta in excellent shape. When it came to fitness, however, none could match
free-agent signee Uwe Krupp --- the team's oldest player at 37.

"It's incredible," said general manager Don Waddell, noting defenseman Krupp's
age and injury problems the last four seasons.

Krupp, whose body fat was less than 9 percent, excelled on the treadmill and the
bike.

"We had to get him off the bike before he blew it up," Fraser joked.

Names and notes . . .

Russian forward Yuri Butsayev missed the start of camp because he was delayed in
obtaining a visa after signing late. He is scheduled to arrive today and skate
Sunday. . . . Goalie Norm Maracle, who didn't come to camp last year, reported
on time and in shape. He is expected to play in Chicago (AHL) this season. This
is the last year of Maracle's contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Thrashers hope former No. 1 pick Patrik Stefan (13) can
produce as the center for Dany Heatley and Lubos Bartecko. / JOEY IVANSCO /
Staff

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 11, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

JERSEY DIARY

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Page 3; Column 5; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 488 words



DEAR DIARY:

Trying to finagle a Dorito out of my 7-year-old son at the pool recently, I sunk
to this maternal ploy:

"Who carried you around for nine months, providing everything you needed to
live? And who gave you milk out of her very own body for six months?"

To which, without missing a beat, he replied, "And who just got you a Diet Pepsi
from the snack bar?"

DEBRA GALANT

NORTH ON THE PARKWAY

We drive home with our sunburns

After working on our tans.

Life is what happens

When you're making other plans.

EDMUND CONTI

The place: The completely full back seat of the Coach USA bus, leaving the Port
Authority terminal for Bergen County at 6:10 P.M. on a weekday workday.

Passenger One pulls out a book.

Passenger Two pulls out a legal pad.

So far, nothing -- certainly not the crowding -- out of the ordinary in this
snapshot of the commuting life.

But the book that Passenger One was studying was the Megillot, the Jewish
scriptures that include the Book of Lamentations, read later this month during
Tisha B'av, which commemorates the destruction of the first and second temples.

And the legal pad was the staging ground for an energetic game of "hangman" that
Passenger Two was playing with his young son, who had obviously spent the day in
the city with Dad.

The boy had no trouble with Round 1, broadcasting the game's Star Wars theme
along with his answer: Jar Jar Binks, of Phantom Menace fame.

The adults' eyes met.

"Stars Wars and the Megillot," said Passenger Two. "A real New York moment."

Actually, said Passenger One, who shared this story with us, she preferred to
think of it as a real New Jersey moment.

Last week my daughter ceremoniously mailed the first letter to her new pen-pal
in Maine. No sooner had she dropped the envelope in the mailbox than she turned
to me and asked when she would get a letter back.

I explained it would take at least a week, maybe two.

Her response: "I'll just call her next time."

SANDI KUHL

 On the last day of school our daughter brought some of her second-grade science
curriculum home with her. That's why while other children are blowing bubbles in
the backyard, our daughter is petting her caterpillar, cleaning tiny poop
pebbles (who knew?) from a plastic deli container, and scavenging in the
basement for a dusty fish tank for the day the chrysalis hatches.

She is convinced her caterpillar will turn into the first hand-raised monarch
butterfly, happy to sit on her shoulder like a cockatiel.

So while other mothers are offering snacks of milk and cookies, we're watching
our dwindling supply of butterfly food and remembering Eric Carle's book, "The
Hungry Caterpillar."

Turns out to be true.

Got milkweed, anyone?

NANCY STAR

SUMMERTIME

Call it seasonal amnesia,

But I'd (sigh) forgotten how,

As the young enjoy their leisure,

They wail, "What we do NOW?!"
 MAUREEN CANNON


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Stuart Goldenberg)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 26, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

The Baseball Money Can't Buy; My 0-for-500 Crusade to Snag a Ball for My Son --
and Me

Tim Warren

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 983 words


ACTOR CHARLIE Sheen seems to have outdone even himself. During the trial of
Hollywood Madam Heidi Fleiss, you may recall, it came out that Sheen was one of
Fleiss's frequent customers, spending thousands of dollars on the madam's call
girls. Now he has found more wholesome outlets for his money.

For a Detroit Tigers-California Angels game last month in Anaheim Stadium, the
actor bought up 2,615 tickets -- basically the first 20 rows of seats behind the
left field fence. Thus, explained the star of the baseball comedy "Major
League," he and three friends could get any home run balls hit their way without
interference from other fans.

"I didn't want to crawl over the paying public," Sheen told Sports Illustrated.
"I wanted to avoid the violence."

This quest to catch a genuine major league baseball cost Sheen the sum of $
6,500, the magazine reported, and it went for naught: Despite ridiculously
stacking the odds, the actor and his pals struck out. No home run was hit in
their direction.

Which was the way it should have been. What Sheen doesn't seem to understand is
that one does not finagle his way into capturing a ball batted into the stands.
You can't fake it. You can't buy it. Privilege and money mean nothing. You earn
it, and indeed, catching a major league baseball remains one of the few pure
acts in America.

I should know. For the last 40 years I have attended major and minor league
games -- the total must surely approach 500 -- and, quite regrettably, I have
yet to catch a ball. I've been to games from Louisville to Los Angeles, and have
watched the sun set over the Canadian Rockies while attending a Pacific Coast
League playoff game in Calgary. This summer, I will shuttle between minor league
games in Bowie and major league ones in Baltimore, not bringing a glove as I did
as a kid, but still yearning to grab one of those flying pieces of horsehide.

Now my anticipation is joined by that of my two sons, ages 9 and 6. Every game
we attend, they bring their gloves. Invariably, the question comes up: Will
Dad's dismal streak finally end?

The closest I came was five years ago, while attending an Orioles game at
Memorial Stadium with some friends. We were seated behind the dugout at first
base when a player hit a high pop foul in our direction. As the ball neared,
tantalizingly close to me on its descent, I thought of shoving the guy next to
me out of the way. I didn't, and couldn't: Richard was a friend, and perhaps
more critically, it was his company's box seats in which we were sitting. So I
held back and he grabbed the foul ball, beaming magnanimously while nearby fans
applauded. He might have even bowed from the waist.

The next year, I was attending a minor league game in Frederick,, where the
seats are closer to the field. A hard line drive was fouled directly toward my
family's seats behind third base. I had a chance, a good one, but it meant
tossing my younger son, then 2 1/2, off my lap and to the ground. That might
have gotten me on the nightly news, but it surely would not have ingratiated me
with my wife or young Nick. My older son did not see it this way: It took lots
of time to explain why I had chosen family over flying baseballs.

Then there was the time at a Washington Senators game in the mid-'60s when I was
bringing a tray of food and drinks back to my seat. Suddenly a foul ball came
screaming toward me. For a second I thought of ditching the food. The issue was
made moot when a couple of dozen fans knocked me over in their pursuit of the
same prize.

I learned two lessons that day. One was that people can get mean when they want
a foul ball. They grab, they push, they punch -- I've seen more scuffles than I
can name. The other lesson is that these balls are moving fast, and they can
hurt. I've seen fans knocked out by line drives to the head, or fingers broken
when a hand goes up for a ball rocketing past. Occasionally someone will realize
this potential for injury at the last second and suddenly shrink away, as if:
"My God! What was I thinking?"

So yeah, Mr. Big Shot Charlie Sheen, we all want to get a foul ball or a home
run ball. It's one of the coolest things you can do, even if you're not lucky
enough to make a great catch at the Orioles' Camden Yards and hear the announcer
intone, "Give that fan a contract." It's enough to know that the guys at work
might have seen you on TV as you stretched magnificently for that foul ball
around the right field railing.

It's a modest achievement, but noteworthy nonetheless, and no one blames a fan
if he gets a little excited. Just don't get carried away. Proper etiquette
requires holding the ball up for all to see, then sitting down. Some fans will
whoop and holler and make a complete spectacle of themselves. Remember that
you've caught a foul ball, not deciphered the Rosetta Stone.

A few weeks ago, my older son and I attended an Orioles game. Incredibly, as we
were at the concession stand, a fellow came up, explained he had to leave the
game early, and offered us his two box seats. First base line, second row. Since
we were sitting in the bleachers, we accepted eagerly.

When we got to our new seats, every bit as good as advertised, more
serendipitous fortune awaited. The guy next to us gave my son, Matthew, a ball
he had caught -- a foul hit by the Orioles' Brady Anderson. This was, needless
to say, Matthew's first foul ball, and he was thrilled beyond description. But,
he asked, should he tell people we had caught it ourselves?

I paused for only a second. "You can't do that," I answered. "I've waited 40
years. I can wait a little more."

Matthew nodded in understanding and turned back to the game. Some basic truths
just don't need explanation. Hollywood may never comprehend it, but out here in
the stands, we believe in traditional values.

Tim Warren is a writer in Washington.


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1996May 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, phil marden for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 30, 2015 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

'BURNT' SATISFIES ;
FILM REUNITES BRADLEY COOPER, SIENNA MILLER IN THE OVERHEATED STORY OF LONDON
CHEFS

BYLINE: Barbara Vancheri, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; MOVIE REVIEW; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 421 words


Steve Jobs looks like a candidate for sainthood next to the fictional chef in
"Burnt."

Adam Jones, played by Bradley Cooper, was a Michelin two-star chef in Paris
until alcohol, drugs and loathsome behavior - stealing methadone from a dying
sous chef, bedding and bailing on female colleagues, and releasing rats into a
competitor's new restaurant and then calling the health inspector - cost him his
job and reputation.

He did penance in New Orleans and resurfaces in London as "Burnt" opens. Now
clean and sober, he finagles his way into an old friend's life, and aims to earn
that third, coveted Michelin star.

Despite his epic collapse, up-and-comers are in awe - "If you're a chef, he's
like the Rolling Stones" - and competitors are rattled to their core. But as
Adam assembles a team, including talented chef and divorced mother Helene
(Sienna Miller), his demons resurface, his temper flares like a gas burner
cranked to high, and old friends and debt collectors reappear.

Directed by John Wells and written by Steven Knight, "Burnt" banks on moviegoers
liking Mr. Cooper so much that they will tolerate his character's dictatorial
behavior, hurling of insults and food plates in the kitchen, and arrogance,
which Adam insists is necessary to be a world-class chef.

Bread crumbs, or locally sourced ingredients, are dropped along the path, paving
the way for confrontations, reconciliations and the redemption you know or hope
is coming. Still, the story holds a few small surprises and turns on Mr.
Cooper's intensity, his chemistry with "American Sniper" co-star Ms. Miller and
the portrait of the exhausting life in the chaotic, overheated kitchen where the
only acceptable answer to a request or order is "Yes, chef!"

"Burnt" was shot in some top restaurants and kitchens in London, and used
celebrity chefs Marcus Wareing and Mario Batali as consultants. Actors Daniel
Bruhl, Emma Thompson, Omar Sy, Matthew Rhys, Alicia Vikander and Uma Thurman
turn up in supporting roles, and so does the food, a parade of authentically
prepared and exquisitely styled main courses and garnishes that pass in a blur.
The action slows as a cake crowned by icing rosettes is actually sliced,
consumed and savored.

Everything is heightened, from the rivalries between chefs to the quest for that
third Michelin star and what it would represent. In the end, its lessons about
teamwork, family and relying on others may not be original but they are
satisfying. 'BURNT'

Starring: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller

Rating: R for language throughout

***

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Movie editor Barbara Vancheri: bvancheri@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1632. Read her blog: www.post-gazette.com/madaboutmovies. / Movies are
rated on a scale from * (bomb) to **** (classic0

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bradley Cooper's intensity and on-screen chemistry with Sienna
Miller adds flavoring to "Burnt," a movie about second chances.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

IGNORING THE RED FLAGS

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 562 words


How does someone with a record of 16 arrests, multiple drug convictions and red
flags a mile long manage to still finagle the government's permission to operate
a child care facility? Months after it should have stepped in, Hillsborough
County finally moved on Friday to close Just for Kids Day Care center. The state
never should have given the operator the opportunity to obtain a day care
license, and the county should have intervened much sooner to shut her down.

Tampa police arrested the operator, Dorothy Ann Sampson-Monroe, on Wednesday,
charging her with hitting four children, ages 3 to 5, on their buttocks, legs
and faces. Sampson-Monroe voluntarily gave up her license to operate a day care
facility in 2005 after police accused her of shaking a baby and bruising his
brain. But prosecutors dropped the charge after failing to pin down a time frame
on when the injury occurred. Sampson-Monroe was free to work in child care
again. Thank the bureaucracy.

State records show Sampson-Monroe, 47, has been arrested 16 times in Florida. In
1991, a judge sentenced her to two years in prison on felony cocaine charges.
Four years later, another drug conviction followed. Florida law disqualifies
people from getting a child care license if they have been convicted of serious
crimes. But exemptions are granted, and the state Department of Children and
Families inexplicably gave her one in 2005. In her application, Sampson-Monroe
claimed she had changed her ways and become "a woman of God." Months after
winning the exemption from the state and obtaining a license from the county,
she was charged with shaking a baby.

DCF and the county said the collapse of the criminal case involving the shaken
baby made it impossible to yank her license, because state authorities need a
criminal conviction to revoke an exemption. The Legislature needs to give DCF
and the counties, such as Hillsborough and Pinellas, that license day care more
discretion to rescind a license. The bar of a criminal conviction is too high.
Regulators should be able to look at the totality of an applicant and individual
circumstances and draw reasonable conclusions about child safety.

Regardless of the state exemption for licenses, county officials documented
problems with Sampson-Monroe for months and were not aggressive in holding her
to operating standards. Records show that from the month Just Kids was licensed
in January, Sampson-Monroe was resistant to regulators. She reportedly removed
papers from files pulled by county inspectors, and made clear she would not
cooperate with licensing officials. In May, an inspector reported that nails
were protruding from boards on the playground, sleeping areas had a temperature
of 91 degrees and at least three caregivers had not completed background checks.
The county belatedly ordered the facility closed Friday - not out of safety
concerns, but because it is unclear whether Sampson-Monroe owns it. County
officials said there were three children at the center Monday despite the
closure order.

Hillsborough needs to quit playing games and close the center immediately while
county officials, criminal investigators and DCF review the latest allegations.
There should not be any wiggle room when the government bans a child care
operator from working pending the outcome of investigations into abuse and
questionable business practices.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           February 9, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CSX To Look At Hole In Road

BYLINE: HAROLD VALENTINE, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NORTHWEST; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 547 words


A reader's e-mail about the concern gets attention.

By HAROLD VALENTINE

The Tampa Tribune

Reader Bruce Emerson wants to know why there is no dedicated right-turn lane on
southbound Himes Avenue at Hillsborough Avenue.

That portion of the road has an entrance to a Wendy's restaurant at the
northwest corner of the intersection, after which space is available for drivers
to finagle their way into a right turn during red lights, though it is not
technically a turn lane.

Mike Williams, Hillsborough County's manager of design and engineering support,
said he is looking into why there is not a designated turn lane there. He added
a road project was completed at the intersection in 2004.

Emerson also asked whether plans are being considered to widen Himes Avenue
between Hillsborough and Waters avenues. Williams said he would look into those
questions.

Another reader, Meredith Giglia, sent an e-mail with a roadway concern. Giglia
wrote that during her commute out of downtown Tampa, northbound on North
Jefferson Street, she has to contend with a formidable hole at the railroad
tracks where the road meets East Polk Street.

"Even at a very slow speed, less than 5 mph, the left lane is quite a hole to
drive through," Giglia wrote.

She said she "can't seem to get anyone from the county or CSX to respond."

CSX spokeswoman Meg Sacks said officials from CSX have checked out the
complaint.

"We have a record of concern about this crossing," she said.

Sacks said she will respond further when she knows the extent of the problem.

Other projects affecting traffic include:

*In Citrus Park, road improvements are continuing on Gunn Highway between Hixon
Road and Keystone Crossing Boulevard until Aug. 29.

*In Town 'N Country on Waters Avenue, a bus stop, including a shelter and
sidewalk improvements, is expected to be complete by Friday.

Also on Waters, a turn-lanes project for Woodland Center Boulevard between Sun
State Street and Manhattan Avenue may slow traffic between rush hours until June
6.

*On Woodland Center Boulevard, work will go on between rush hours until June 6.

*In Lutz, at the Boulevard of the Roses and Lutz-Lake Fern Road intersection
road reconstruction is continuing, as is the installation of a mast arm for
traffic signals, scheduled for completion June 22.

*In Lake Magdalene, Bearss Avenue between Florida Avenue and Winding Creek Drive
is under construction for a traffic separator until Feb. 29.

*In Carrollwood, at the Valencia Road and Nakora Drive intersection, the
replacement of failing stormwater pipes is continuing. The project is scheduled
to finish Feb. 15.

*Verizon's telephone poles and wires are being replaced on Hutchinson Road.

(CHART) TRAFFIC CONCERNS?

Are there local traffic or road issues that concern you? Construction projects
you wonder about, or hazards other drivers should know about? If so, contact
reporter Harold Valentine at (813) 865-1526 or hvalentine@tampatrib.com

Reporter Harold Valentine can be reached at (813) 865-1526 or
hvalentine@tampatrib.com

Photo credit: Tribune photo by HAROLD VALENTINE

Photo: Reader Bruce Emerson asks why there isn't a designated lane on southbound
Himes Avenue to turn right on Hillsborough Avenue.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 3, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

'The Pope Must Die' is beyond redemption

BYLINE: Susan Wloszczyna

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 330 words


What a holy hullabaloo about nothing. Despite protests over the ad for The Pope
Must Die (a voluptuous nun tempting a pontiff in a Guns N' Roses T- shirt) and
its title, the Catholic Church has little to fear.

The state of British satire is another matter. Five Hail Monty Pythons and an
Our Father Who Art Benny Hill couldn't redeem this papal pap about Vatican
corruption.

After the pope dies, the cardinals are all aflutter about picking a new leader.
Enter Alex Rocco, a priest with underworld ties who finagles to get the mob's
figurehead choice into the sacred hot seat.

But a typing error puts the wrong man in office, and country cleric Robbie
Coltrane - a simple soul with a soft spot for orphans and bad '60s rock - plops
his Gleasonian girth onto the throne instead. As the title suggests, his holy
days of obligation are numbered.

While Coltrane adapts to spiritual stardom as Pope Dave I, the plot begins to
splinter and sputter. A girlfriend from his secular past stops by (Beverly
D'Angelo).  The Mafia kingpin's fleshpot daughter is blown up in a heavy-metal
band's van. Inept hit men fumble about in retaliation.

Coltrane is cherubically chipper throughout. He devours communion wafers like
Fritos and sweats to Father Franco's cable exercise show: ''Matthew, Mark, Luke
and John, work that fat until it's gone.''

Other religious potshots - the Church is more keen on investments than vestments
- barely rate a venial sin.  And why is Rocco's character also named Rocco? If
this is a joke, it lacks a punchline.

A blast of blasphemy can be refreshing. But The Pope Must Die is strictly stale
air.

The Pope Must Die
# 1/2 (out of four)
Robbie Coltrane ... Pope Dave I
Cardinal Rocco ... Alex Rocco
Beverly D'Angelo ... Veronica
Herbert Lom ... Corelli

A Miramax Pictures release. Produced by Stephen Woolley. Directed by Peter
Richardson. Written by Richardson and Pete Richens. In selected cities. Rated R
(profanity, nudity, violence).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Show

MOVIE REVIEWS; The Pope Must Die;

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 28, 2007 Monday

Students zoom in on filmmaking

BYLINE: By Randy Myers CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 831 words


First came the most opportune of news flashes. Mr. Green -- Al Gore -- was
sounding the global warming alarm in San Jose.

Then the radio blurted out a most inconvenient truth. He was appearing that very
day.

After a hasty huddle at Orinda's Miramonte High School, students Tyler Pavey,
Scott DeMunck and Lana Olmer barreled into action. They packed up a camera,
hopped into the car and jetted to the South Bay.

A clip featuring the most popular authority discussing climate change was the
oomph their video needed.

Lacking tickets and press credentials, the lot crashed the event, bolting into
the building like "60 Minutes" veterans and wedging their camera between
Channels 3 and 4.

A shot of confidence and a professional-looking camera can help you finagle your
way into places, Pavey says, flashing a sly, knowing smile.

Teen filmmakers represent a generation glued to YouTube, MySpace, Flicker and
reality TV. Those new cultural players encourage the young to express themselves
in front of and behind video cameras.

"I guess the opportunities are greater for recognition," said Cheryl Davis, the
Acalanes High School District's technology coordinator. Because of an increasing
demand, the district plans to expand its video classes.

The Orinda teens' team project, "The Climate Change Controversy," snatched
third-place honors in a C-SPAN contest. It netted them a $500 prize, reducing
the financial sting of a $220 parking ticket DeMunck got during filming.

DeMunck and Pavey -- big fans of "The Godfather" and "Sin City" -- have been
dabbling in video since middle school and plan to sharpen their talents in
college next year. Olmer made a previous short about abortion but wants to steer
into the communications business.

The teens often clock long hours working on projects. They grouse about sleep
deprivation but love what they're doing.

"It's the only thing that's keeping me sane" at high school, said Pavey, who
previously crashed a stem cell seminar in San Francisco for his other C-SPAN
winning entry.

The meteoric rise of social networking sites and YouTube encourages generations
to speak their mind, teens say.

One of the strongest young voices comes from Paige Cohen of San Ramon Valley
High School.

Whether it's collaborating on a goofy stop-motion short with fellow filmmaker
Spencer Lee or making the sorrowful fictional short "Without Closure," the Alamo
teen shows a clear vision.

Those qualities helped her get into the prestigious USC film school.

Her black-and-white short "Closure" -- about two brothers grieving at their
father's grave -- was honored this spring at the San Ramon Valley Business
Education Roundtable's annual Student Recognition Project.

Cohen's video dance card continues to remain full. She's working on a
stop-motion shot with Lee and has finished a video urging students to do
something about the violence in Darfur.

Stop-motion happens to take a lot of time, and it finds the pair working into
the wee hours.

"It's crazy," Cohen said. "The first one took us so long. It's easier now."

Jason Brotman of Danville dabbles in documentary and fiction. His "My Tuition"
represents the Monte Vista High School student's most ambitious endeavor, a 25-
to 30-minute feature written by his buddy Mike Sugerman.

Before discovering videomaking, Brotman shuttered himself in his bedroom playing
video games.

In his junior year, he shed his loner skin while making a music video. A short
documentary on Berkeley and another music video ensued.

"I'm a completely different person now," he said. Even his wardrobe lightened
up, with fewer black shirts and cargo pants.

Justin Damele, another winner in the videomaking competition, used dramatic
music, historical clips and fancy editing for two history projects, one about
the Iraq war and another on World War II's Battle of Dunkirk.

The San Ramon Valley High School student likes editing, but he won't pursue
filmmaking at Cal Poly. He started editing in the fifth grade. Most of his work
takes highlights from Japanese animation and sets the action to dramatic music.

The interest in videomaking doesn't always translate to greater numbers in
class, Monte Vista High School teacher Scott Stiefvater said. But the video
instructor said he sees great potential in students like Brotman.

Some of the star pupils might land jobs when Stiefvater quits teaching this year
and opens up a video production business in his Walnut Creek home. He notes a
surge in people seeking professional videomakers.

Because the younger generation understands the technology well, that's who he
most likely will employ.

"I'm so impressed with some of these kids," he said. "The most flattering
compliment I can tell them is I would employ them."

Reach Randy Myers at rmyers@cctimes.com or 925-977-8419.

teen videos

"The Climate Change Controversy": http://www.studentcam.org/winners_2007.asp

Paige Cohen's "Without Closure" and two works by Justin Damele:
http://web.mac.com/srvhsvideo/iWeb/SRVHS%20WEBSITE/Video%20Productions/Video%20P
roductions.html

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

No guarantees that biggest names will be on Ryder Cup team;
Golf

BYLINE: KAREN CROUSE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1018 words

DATELINE: HOYLAKE, England

ABSTRACT

Below-average finishes at the British Open could mean Tiger Woods and Phil
Mickelson don't make the cut at this year's Ryder Cup.

FULL TEXT

The early-arriving British Open fans formed a receiving line along Royal
Liverpool's first hole and tried to finagle a greeting from Tiger Woods with
their cries. From young voices, old voices, high voices and low voices came a
steady stream of good cheer: ''Welcome back, Tiger''; ''C'mon, Tiger''; ''Go,
Tige' ''; ''I play golf because of you, Tiger.''

The best American golfers will return to Britain in September for the Ryder Cup
at Gleneagles in Scotland. Judging by the Britons' send-off for Woods here, it
would seem they are not assuming he will grace their shores again anytime soon.

Woods, playing his sixth competitive round since returning from back surgery
that sidelined him for nearly four months, closed with a three-over-par 75 for a
72-hole total of six-over 294. Only four players, including the reigning United
States Open champion Martin Kaymer, posted a higher number on Sunday. Scoring
seven strokes better than Woods for the round was Tom Watson, the 64-year-old in
whose hands Woods's Ryder Cup fate rests.

After Watson finished his five-birdie, one-bogey masterpiece, he stopped to
answer a few questions, one of which concerned Woods's Ryder Cup status.
Repeating himself, Watson said as long as Woods was healthy and playing well, he
would be on the team that faces the Europeans.

''What's he doing today?'' Watson added. ''Is he shooting under par?''

When Woods's score was relayed to him, Watson kept his poker face, as befits a
man holding his three captain's picks close to his sweater vest. With two main
Ryder Cup auditions left - the World Golf Championships event in Akron, Ohio,
and the year's final major, the P.G.A. Championship - Woods has 71 players ahead
of him in the United States rankings.

The first nine in the rankings are guaranteed spots, and to add furrows to
Watson's brow, another Ryder Cup mainstay, Phil Mickelson, has not played his
way onto the team.

The two players immediately ahead of Mickelson, who is 12th, are Patrick Reed
and Brendon Todd. Reed, 23, has two wins in 2014 but has missed the cut in two
of the three majors. Todd, 28, has four top-five finishes, including a victory,
in his past seven starts.

''I can't really say that I expect to be picked,'' Todd said after closing with
a 67 to finish at one-under 287. ''Phil and Tiger are the best players in the
world, and you really can't ever say that they're not worthy of a pick.''

Woods and Mickelson have made 16 Ryder Cups between them. Watson is hopeful they
will sharpen their games at the next two events, and during the FedEx Cup
playoffs for which Woods has yet to qualify.

''If Phil and Tiger don't make it in the mix, I've got some real thinking to
do,'' Watson said. ''Everybody is thinking that I'm going to pick them
automatically. I can assure you that I'm not going to pick them automatically.''

That is fine with Mickelson, who said he would like to keep his 19-year streak
going of making it on merit. ''If I don't get in on my own, I don't know if I've
played well enough this year to deserve a spot,'' he said after closing with a
68 to finish tied for 23rd. ''You want players that are hot, that are playing
well. And I need to step up and start doing that.''

Watson is intent on putting together a 12-man squad willing and able to avenge
the Americans' upset loss to Europe at Medinah in suburban Chicago in 2012.
Thickening the plot is the fact that the top nine in the United States standings
are collectively thin on experience.

With the exception of Jim Furyk, who all but nailed down his ninth appearance
Sunday, none have competed in more than three Ryder Cups, and two - Jimmy Walker
and Jordan Spieth - would be rookies. (Spieth was on last year's Presidents Cup
team but challenging an International squad on home soil is a golf holiday
compared with facing the Europeans on the road.)

Bubba Watson, who sits at No. 1, has appeared in two Ryder Cups (he is not
related to Tom Watson). Is Bubba Watson, who exhorted the crowd to make noise at
last year's Presidents Cup, the leader that Tom Watson wants the rest of the
team falling in line behind? Before heading home after missing the cut, Bubba
Watson spoke of the team event as if it were a biennial barnstorming tour.

He said: ''At the Ryder Cup there are a lot of people that don't play golf.
There are a lot of sponsors that have probably never seen the golf course
before. So just trying to grow the game in a different way. That's what Ryder
Cup is all about. It's not drawing blood to one another.''

The other Watson has a different view, judging by the gleam in his eye when he
spoke of Rickie Fowler, who was seventh in the points race at the week's start.
Of Fowler, who cemented his spot with his tie for second on Sunday, Tom Watson
said he was ''at the stage right now where he's about ready to run the table.''

Watson added: ''I'm looking at all the players that have a chance. I said about
Tiger that I'll pick him if he's playing well and he's in good health. And Phil
is the same way. If he's playing well, again, how can you not pick those two?''

Mickelson and Woods are crowd pleasers, and ratings magnets, which is lost on
neither the captain nor the playing candidates.

''I know the only way I'm going to be on the team is if I make the team,'' said
Matt Every, who has one victory in 2014, which is one victory more than Woods
and Mickelson combined.

At Gleneagles, a premium will be placed on driving, which is one part of Woods's
game that needs polishing (his short game is another). Woods's 69th-place
finish, his worst showing as a professional in a major in which he completed 72
holes, included nine bogeys, three double bogeys and two triple bogeys.

If Woods were Watson, would he use a captain's pick on him?

''I would say yes,'' Woods said. ''But that's my position, my take on it.''

Referring to Watson, he added: ''Obviously it's his decision. He's going to
field the best 12 players that he thinks will win the Cup back. And I hope I'm
on the team.''

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 21, 2014 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Return for Ryder Cup Far From Sure Thing

BYLINE: By KAREN CROUSE

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1036 words


HOYLAKE, England -- The early-arriving British Open fans formed a receiving line
along Royal Liverpool's first hole and tried to finagle a greeting from Tiger
Woods with their cries. From young voices, old voices, high voices and low
voices came a steady stream of good cheer: ''Welcome back, Tiger''; ''C'mon,
Tiger''; ''Go, Tige' ''; ''I play golf because of you, Tiger.''

The best American golfers will return to Britain in September for the Ryder Cup
at Gleneagles in Scotland. Judging by the Britons' send-off for Woods here, it
would seem they are not assuming he will grace their shores again anytime soon.

Woods, playing his sixth competitive round since returning from back surgery
that sidelined him for nearly four months, closed with a three-over-par 75 for a
72-hole total of six-over 294. Only four players, including the reigning United
States Open champion Martin Kaymer, posted a higher number on Sunday. Scoring
seven strokes better than Woods for the round was Tom Watson, the 64-year-old in
whose hands Woods's Ryder Cup fate rests.

After Watson finished his five-birdie, one-bogey masterpiece, he stopped to
answer a few questions, one of which concerned Woods's Ryder Cup status.
Repeating himself, Watson said as long as Woods was healthy and playing well, he
would be on the team that faces the Europeans.

''What's he doing today?'' Watson added. ''Is he shooting under par?''

When Woods's score was relayed to him, Watson kept his poker face, as befits a
man holding his three captain's picks close to his sweater vest. With two main
Ryder Cup auditions left -- the World Golf Championships event in Akron, Ohio,
and the year's final major, the P.G.A. Championship -- Woods has 71 players
ahead of him in the United States rankings.

The first nine in the rankings are guaranteed spots, and to add furrows to
Watson's brow, another Ryder Cup mainstay, Phil Mickelson, has not played his
way onto the team.

The two players immediately ahead of Mickelson, who is 12th, are Patrick Reed
and Brendon Todd. Reed, 23, has two wins in 2014 but has missed the cut in two
of the three majors. Todd, 28, has four top-five finishes, including a victory,
in his past seven starts.

''I can't really say that I expect to be picked,'' Todd said after closing with
a 67 to finish at one-under 287. ''Phil and Tiger are the best players in the
world, and you really can't ever say that they're not worthy of a pick.''

Woods and Mickelson have made 16 Ryder Cups between them. Watson is hopeful they
will sharpen their games at the next two events, and during the FedEx Cup
playoffs for which Woods has yet to qualify.

''If Phil and Tiger don't make it in the mix, I've got some real thinking to
do,'' Watson said. ''Everybody is thinking that I'm going to pick them
automatically. I can assure you that I'm not going to pick them automatically.''

That is fine with Mickelson, who said he would like to keep his 19-year streak
going of making it on merit. ''If I don't get in on my own, I don't know if I've
played well enough this year to deserve a spot,'' he said after closing with a
68 to finish tied for 23rd. ''You want players that are hot, that are playing
well. And I need to step up and start doing that.''

Watson is intent on putting together a 12-man squad willing and able to avenge
the Americans' upset loss to Europe at Medinah in 2012. Thickening the plot is
the fact that the top nine in the United States standings are collectively thin
on experience.

With the exception of Jim Furyk, who all but nailed down his ninth appearance
with his fourth-place finish Sunday, none have competed in more than three Ryder
Cups, and two -- Jimmy Walker and Jordan Spieth -- would be rookies. (Spieth was
on last year's Presidents Cup team but challenging an International squad on
home soil is a golf holiday compared with facing the Europeans on the road.)

Bubba Watson, who sits at No. 1, has appeared in two Ryder Cups (he is not
related to Tom Watson). Is Bubba Watson, who exhorted the crowd to make noise at
last year's Presidents Cup, the leader that Tom Watson wants the rest of the
team falling in line behind? Before heading home after missing the cut, Bubba
Watson spoke of the team event as if it were a biennial barnstorming tour.

He said: ''At the Ryder Cup there are a lot of people that don't play golf.
There are a lot of sponsors that have probably never seen the golf course
before. So just trying to grow the game in a different way. That's what Ryder
Cup is all about. It's not drawing blood to one another.''

The other Watson has a different view, judging by the gleam in his eye when he
spoke of Rickie Fowler, who was seventh in the points race at the week's start.
Of Fowler, who cemented his spot with his tie for second on Sunday, Tom Watson
said he was ''at the stage right now where he's about ready to run the table.''

Watson added: ''I'm looking at all the players that have a chance. I said about
Tiger that I'll pick him if he's playing well and he's in good health. And Phil
is the same way. If he's playing well, again, how can you not pick those two?''

Mickelson and Woods are crowd pleasers, and ratings magnets, which is lost on
neither the captain nor the playing candidates.

''I know the only way I'm going to be on the team is if I make the team,'' said
Matt Every, who has one victory in 2014, which is one victory more than Woods
and Mickelson combined.

Every, who posted a 78 on Sunday, added, ''There's just so many things that go
into it, and it's shaping up like a lot of good players might not be in the top
nine, so I could see it being a tough spot for a captain.''

At Gleneagles, a premium will be placed on driving, which is one part of Woods's
game that needs polishing (his short game is another). Woods's 69th-place
finish, his worst showing as a professional in a major in which he completed 72
holes, included nine bogeys, three double bogeys and two triple bogeys.

If Woods were Watson, would he use a captain's pick on him?

''I would say yes,'' Woods said. ''But that's my position, my take on it.''

Referring to Watson, he added: ''Obviously it's his decision. He's going to
field the best 12 players that he thinks will win the Cup back. And I hope I'm
on the team.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/21/sports/golf/british-open-2014-tiger-woods-coul
d-miss-ryder-cup.html

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Tiger Woods finished at six over. He is 72nd in Ryder Cup
points. (PHOTOGRAPH BY STEFAN WERMUTH/REUTERS) (D1)
 Tiger Woods hitting an approach shot Sunday. His 69th-place finish was his
worst at a major in which he completed 72 holes. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TOM
PENNINGTON/GETTY IMAGES) (D3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                             January 4, 2013 Friday

'Parental Guidance' veers between crass and sugary

SECTION: ARTS, CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 653 words


Witless family comedy beneath likes of Crystal, Midler
  (5) PARENTAL GUIDANCE with Billy Crystal, Bette Midler and Marisa Tomei.
Directed by Andy Fickman. (Walmer Park, Boardwalk, Bridge)Reviewed by Rob Thomas

 THERE'S a moment in Parental Guidance that surely was as uncomfortable for
Billy Crystal to film as it is to watch.



 Crystal plays washed-up former minor-league announcer Artie Decker, who, in an
act of desperation, finagles an audition to do play-by-play for a skateboard
competition at the X Games. Fifty-eight-year-old Marty shows up to the audition
in sunglasses, hoodie, and whatever else middle-aged men think the kids are
wearing these days, and awkwardly tries to drop lingo like "halfpipe" and
"gnarly" into his patter. It's painful.

 The parallels had to hurt. Crystal was a huge movie star in the '80s and '90s
with hits like City Slickers and When Harry Met Sally. But, Oscar hosting gigs
notwithstanding, he stumbled on the bridge to the 21st century with America's
Sweethearts and Analyse That, and hasn't starred in a movie in 10 years.
 And here he is now, playing the out-of-touch grandpa in a witless family comedy
that veers between crass and sugary. Analyse that, why don't you.

 Artie and his wife, Diane (Bette Midler, also a long time between hits), are
called to fly from Fresno to Atlanta to watch their daughter Alice (Marisa
Tomei)'s three kids while she and her husband (Tom Everett Scott) go to a
business conference in Hilton Head. Marty and Brenda fear that they're "the
other grandparents" in the family, and jump at the chance to connect with their
grandchildren.

 The major joke of the film is the culture clash between Artie and Diane's
old-school parenting and Alice's touchy-feely helicopter-parent style, where
"No!" becomes "Consider the consequences, honey", sugar is banned from the
house, and everyone is over-scheduled with play- dates and extra-curricular
activities.
 The result is a pretty unhappy bunch: 12-year-old overachiever Harper (Bailee
Madison) is freaking out about a violin recital, eight-year-old Turner (Joshua
Rush) is being picked on at school, and five-year-old Barker (Kyle Harrison
Breitkopf) has rage issues that only his imaginary kangaroo friend can assuage.

 Of course, despite a few missteps, it's Grandma and Grandpa's firm touch that
ends up fixing all the kids' problems.
 It's really a mash note to the Baby Boomer generation and their tireless
parental wisdom - even if they can't figure out how to work the DVR, the movie
seems to say, they know kids better than their own kids do.
 Which doesn't make sense in the film, since it's made clear that Artie and
Diane weren't the best parents to Alice, but whatever.

 There are moments where the movie tries to nudge itself in the direction of a
more realistic family comedy in the vein of the original Parenthood. Tomei and
Crystal in particular have a nice connection, as Artie starts to realise his
on-the-road job took its toll on his only daughter growing up.
 And baseball freak Crystal manages to work in the famous "Shot Heard Round the
World" broadcast in a sweet bit of grandfather-grandson bonding with the shy
Turner.

 But for every moment like that, there are three dumb or gross jokes that seem
beneath Crystal and Midler; it's not much fun to watch the perennial Oscar host
take a baseball bat to the groin or vomit on a child, let alone in the same
scene. Midler retains a little more dignity as an ex-weathergirl, although why
the movie stops short so she and Crystal can perform Book of Love in the
kitchen, is beyond me.

 The most genuine moment in Parental Guidance occurs during the closing credits,
which features photos of the cast with their real-life families. If only a
little of that genuine affection could have been transferred over to the movie
itself.
 © Daily Telegraph
 COMEDY VETERANS: Billy Crystal and Bette Midler star in the family comedy
'Parental Guidance'

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            November 20, 2011 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1733 words


<b>EPA DUMP WORTH FIGHTING</b>

In addition to being Idaho's oldest building in a sacred place, readers should
also know that the Mission of the Sacred Heart near Cataldo is a National
Historic Landmark. Just 1,500 feet from the Mission property off Interstate 90,
Exit 39, the Environmental Protection Agency is building a 20-acre, 40- to
60-foot-tall toxic waste dump.

It doesn't matter that more than 2,000 affected citizens and 80 national groups
have tried to cooperate with the EPA to stop the more than 600,000 cubic yards
of lead and other heavy metal mine waste being dumped. Or that there is
permanent waste treatment available that the EPA refuses to utilize. It doesn't
matter that the U.S. Geological Survey in one day of flooding, Jan. 19, 2011,
measured 160 metric tons of lead washed downstream.

Parents, families and tribal members who care about the health and safety of
your children, recreational activities, real estate, and tourism potential, tell
President Barack Obama to stop the dumping and convene a citizens committee to
bring the greatest protection of the environment and human health to all who
live in the nation's largest Superfund site. Use: president@whitehouse.gov, or
(202) 456-6213.

<b>Bob Colonna</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>SENIORS UNFAIRLY BLAMED</b>

If Mega Insurance Agency (MIA) was able to finagle a government contract that
allowed them to charge every working American 8 percent of his salary (6 percent
Social Security, 2 percent Medicare) throughout his working life, they would
have an awesome premium base.

Then, years later, when the insured Americans "aged out" and started claiming
their rightful "annuity payments" and insurance benefits, and MIA reneged, the
officers of MIA would be in the prison cells next to Bernie Madoff. It would be
fraud.

Why are Social Security and Medicare referred to as entitlements instead of
contractual agreements?

If people put 8 percent of their salaries in a savings account with MIA and 40
years later, when they tried to make a withdrawal, were told their money was
needed elsewhere - perhaps to fund Solyndra - MIA would be in big trouble. No
one would chastise the depositors for being greedy. Why then are senior citizens
blamed for our economic woes?

Where is the $3.5 trillion premium base built up by the 8 percent taken from
every working American's paycheck over the years?

P.S. I am not, and cannot, get SS as I have another pension that makes me
ineligible.

<b>Sharon Traber</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>BUDGET FREEZE NEEDED</b>

The budget supercommittee seems to be deadlocked over the Democrats' insistence
on raising taxes and the Republicans' opposition to attempts to decrease our
annual budget deficits.

Along comes Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., who proposes to end the deadlock with $700
billion in spending cuts and $500 billion in tax increases, for a $1.2 trillion
deficit reduction over 10 years. This equates to spending cuts of $70 billion
per year, and with about a $3.4 trillion annual budget represents about a 2
percent cut. Due to baseline budgeting, which programs in about an 8 percent
increase in spending per year, the 2 percent cut would actually represent a 6
percent actual increase in spending. Does anyone wonder why there is no
confidence in our government?

Why can't they just freeze spending and stop digging the hole deeper?

<b>Mark Richard</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>SALUTE INTOLERABLE</b>

As a recently retired law enforcement official of 30 years, I can say that Doug
Clark's commentary of Nov. 3 regarding the Spokane Police Department officers'
salute to a convicted felon was right on target. Unprofessional and unethical.
Period!

Law enforcement officers have been and should continue to be held to a "higher
standard" of expectations. For the chief of police and City Council to say the
salute was free speech and "officers can do what they want on their free time"
reflects the lack of leadership and high ethical standards that should be in
place in the Police Department and elected council. Luckily, voters can change
part of this shortcoming.

What should be very disturbing to the Spokane citizenry is that this was not the
action of one officer, but that of almost 50! I can safely say this action would
never have been tolerated by my former Sheriff's Department of 4,000 members,
the county supervisors or almost any other law enforcement agency.

Edmund Burke (politician/philosopher) once said, "All that is necessary for the
triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." Yes, the salute was unprofessional
and unethical.

<b>Gregory Ammons</b>

<i>Cheney</i>

<b>POLICE DISRESPECT COURT</b>

I was raised to respect authority. I was also raised to respect the judicial
system, flawed as it sometimes seems. Hearing of the standing ovation given to
Officer Karl Thompson by his fellow police officers made me cringe. The officers
hired by the Spokane Police Department take an oath to uphold the mission of
protect and serve. As well, they are to treat the judicial process with the
utmost respect, as they are the most visible representation. These officers
showed nothing but disrespect to the judge and jury in this trial. If they
didn't like the outcome of the trial, that's their prerogative. They may say or
do anything they please to show support for Thompson behind closed doors, but
their public display of disapproval of the verdict was intolerable.

I, like many in this community, am tired of apologizing for the behavior of the
Spokane Police Department and renegade behavior.

A policeman once told me that the difference between a law enforcement officer
and a criminal was a badge and a uniform and nothing else. Sad sentiment, isn't
it. So I do not seem biased, you should know my sister is a city of Spokane
police officer.

<b>Robin Waller</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>POLICE FORGET EMPLOYERS</b>

Spokane, we have a problem.

We think of police being out of control as another city's problem, but it is
right here. The police need to remember who they work for. They work for you and
me and, yes, Otto Zehm.

<b>Larry Morton</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>THOMPSON RAILROADED</b>

I have never seen a lynch mob in action until now. Spokane media can be credited
with that action with the one-sided reporting on the Karl Thompson case. I hope
you are all proud. A good officer railroaded for enforcing the law and
protecting the public.

<b>C. L. Franks</b>

<i>Post Falls</i>

<b>POOR SEE MOST COMBAT</b>

When I returned home from my U.S. Army overseas tour in early 1969, Vietnam had
yet to rage another four years. I was, of course, among the "lucky" or fortunate
returners. Some of my comrades came home so gruesomely and hideously wounded it
was a miracle they were even still alive, to say nothing of all those killed.

Looking for a job, I anticipated that at least my courage and discipline would
be revered and respected. Fancy my dismay to encounter only scorn, contempt and
ridicule. Sorry to say, it appears to me things have changed but little between
now and then.

In wartime, those with wealth, influence and connections show themselves
remarkably adept at maneuvering themselves into safe, rear-echelon military
tasks if indeed they do even serve at all. American elite types, if you please,
are not and never have been particularly renowned for their conspicuous presence
in the combat zone. This is left to anonymous, nondescript and dejected young
men of limited means and prospects. They embrace and serve whoever or whatever
displays genuine interest in them, such as maybe the U.S. armed forces in times
of war.

<b>Dennis P. Roberts</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>DON'T VACATE BEN BURR</b>

I guess when it comes to closing Ben Burr Road, Dave Black and our county
commissioners think "three times a charm."

2007 - Black tries to close Ben Burr but fails because the county engineer
testifies the road is "still in use," giving the neighborhood grounds to sue.

2009 - State legislation to eliminate language requiring the engineer's report
goes forward. Without a report and official criteria, all discretion would be in
the hands of the commissioners with no recourse for neighborhoods. Attempt fails
when Commissioner Bonnie Mager gets wind and tips off Rep. Timm Ormsby. Ormsby
calls foul and kills the bill.

2011 - With Mager gone, Al French on the team, no new traffic count, and the
engineering department "conveniently" changing its testimony, Black is back
demanding that a public road be vacated for the benefit of his bottom line.

Shameless! This is coming back for the third time despite the fact that the road
is used, not just for cars, but for cycling, walking and as a safety valve for
kids. This is a classic example of the power the 1 percent exert over the 99
percent.

Perhaps it is time to "Occupy Ben Burr."

<b>Mary Weathers</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>BORDER SEARCHES RELAXED</b>

The Oct. 28 article about our government telling U.S. Border Control officers to
cease looking for illegal immigrants at train, bus stations and airports tells
us how serious we are about protecting our country. I hope the patrol agents who
expressed their concerns about this new way to overlook illegal immigrants don't
lose their jobs. This is sad.

<b>Ray Betts</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>U.S. MUST KEEP ARMS</b>

On Thursday, Nov. 10, I served as a substitute teacher in second grade at Valley
public school in Valley, Wash. At a very excellent Veterans Day assembly
program, Principal Smith and many others did an outstanding job presenting a
tribute to veterans. Veterans' names were read, and they were asked to stand.
Since I am a veteran, I stood when my name was read.

The second-grade class that I taught sang "This Land is Your Land." Essay award
winners read their essays.

As I reflected on this assembly, the verse of Scripture, Mark 3:27, came to
mind: "No man can enter into a strong man's house, and spoil his goods, except
he will first bind the strong man, and then he will spoil his house." Yes, you
must first render the strong man defenseless (take away his guns, or his right
to use his guns). Then the wicked person can do the evil he wishes to do because
that strong man will be helpless to protect his house.

Also, on a national level, if the United States would surrender its weapons,
then the Islamic terrorists, or any other evil people, would be able to conquer
our country.

<b>Arthur Houk</b>

<i>Colville</i>

<b>TYPE:</b> Letters

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           September 6, 2008 Saturday
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MAN WHO FAKED WAY INTO YALE AVOIDS JAIL TIME;
GETS THREE-YEAR SUSPENDED SENTENCE, MUST PAY RESTITUTION

BYLINE: MARK SPENCER; Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN


- Akash Maharaj stood before a Superior Court judge Friday a convicted felon,
stripped of the false persona he had created to finagle his way into Yale
University, where he was a successful student for one year.

Although Judge Richard A. Damiani gave the 26-year-old from Trinidad and Tobago
an opportunity to avoid jail, he said Maharaj's guilty plea to first-degree
larceny for the scholarship money he received had long-term consequences.

"This is going to follow you the rest of your life," Damiani said.

Maharaj's ruse to get Ivy League respectability began to unravel last year
during a nasty breakup with his boyfriend at the time.

The boyfriend began to question if Maharaj was really 21, as he then presented
himself, and other family details that did not ring true. Those questions
evolved to fear when Maharaj threatened suicide if the relationship ended and
ultimately led to an alleged death threat against the boyfriend, according to
Yale police.

The student got a restraining order against Maharaj and Yale took a second look
at his application. The A's on his Columbia University transcript? Faked. The
glowing letter of recommendation? Forged.

In June, 2007, Yale revoked his admission, then moved to recover the scholarship
money it had given him which, including other aid he received, totaled about
$47,000.

Facing three felonies, including violating the restraining order, Maharaj
applied for accelerated rehabilitation, a form of probation for first-time
offenders that would have given him a chance to emerge with a clean record. That
chance evaporated when Maharaj skipped a court appearance in May.

Maharaj had a final chance to have the charges dismissed if he had shown up
Friday ready to pay $31,591 in restitution and $10,000 to the victims'
compensation fund. All he could muster was $18,250, which was enough for Damiani
to suspend the three-year jail sentence he imposed, along with five years'
probation, and drop all but the first-degree larceny charge.

Damiani said the balance of what Maharaj owes must be paid back during five
years and imposed a number of other restrictions, including staying off Yale
property and not contacting Yale personnel or his ex-boyfriend.

Maharaj did not speak in court Friday and declined to comment after court
through Glenn Conway, his lawyer.

After Damiani described the conditions Maharaj will face, Conway asked if his
client could continue to communicate with a Yale employee with whom he has an
important personal relationship.

Fine, said the judge, as long as it was not harassing or threatening.

"If I were him, I'd forget about Yale completely," Damiani said. "But that's up
to him."

Contact Mark Spencer at mspencer@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 8, 2008 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Corporate Croesus

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 469 words


As accustomed as we are to the other-worldly rewards lavished on captains of
finance and industry, it is still galling that the chiefs managed to finagle a
raise last year as many of the companies they led were in trouble.

A study published on Sunday by The Times of many of the biggest companies found
that chief executives who had held their jobs for at least two years got an
average pay increase of 5 percent last year, despite poor results at many of
their companies.

Net income at Office Depot fell 23 percent last year compared with 2006; its
share price fell 64 percent. Steve Odland, its chief, made nearly $18 million
all told -- some 85 percent more than in 2006. With the share price of Toll
Brothers, the luxury home builder, plummeting, it seems reasonable that Robert
Toll, its chief, got no bonus. Still, the company took steps to ensure that he
gets one this year, even if home-building doesn't recover.

It's hard to square the conceit that chief executives are rewarded for improving
companies' performance with the fact that chiefs at 10 financial-services firms
in the study made $320 million last year, even as their banks reported
mortgage-related losses of $55 billion.

Meanwhile, the average earnings of typical workers have failed to keep up with
inflation in four of the past five years. According to the economists Emmanuel
Saez of the University of California, Berkeley, and Thomas Piketty of the Paris
School of Economics, average incomes in the highest-earning 1 percent of the
United States grew 11 percent year-over-year between 2002 and 2006. Incomes in
the bottom 99 percent grew by 0.9 percent annually over the period. This year
looks bad, too.

This polarization is producing a pattern of income distribution rarely seen
outside Africa or Latin America, and unheard of in the United States, at least
since the gilded age. In 2006, the 15,000 families in the top 0.01 percent of
the income distribution -- earning at least $10.7 million apiece -- pocketed
3.48 percent of the nation's total income, double their share in 1993.

Some analysts argue that the spectacular rise in executive pay is to be expected
in a marketplace in which bigger and bigger firms compete for talent. Others
suggest it has more to do with the ability of chief executives to manipulate
their boards to set their own pay.

In any case, the combination of inexorable income growth at the very apex of
society and stagnation everywhere else can serve no public good.

The Bush administration has focused its economic policies on cutting taxes for
the very richest Americans. Taxation needs urgently to become more progressive.
If the United States is to continue to embrace globalization, technological
innovation and other forces that contribute to economic growth, it has to share
the spoils better.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 10, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

FILM;
Becoming an Auteur, With Help From Mom

BYLINE: By MAREK FUCHS;  Marek Fuchs is a New York writer and filmmaker.

SECTION: Section 2; Part 1; Page 30; Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1246 words


MY cousin Matthew and I have a lifetime of hairbrained projects to our credit
and we blame our mothers entirely. They were always too encouraging for our own
good. As kids, whether we were tie-dying every article of clothing in our
closets or putting on musicals starring all our pets (a tragic love story
between a parakeet and ferret, not a dry eye in the house), our mothers, Theo
and Joan, would look at each other and smile with some shared sisterly delusion,
as if to say: "Our boys are so brilliant, so clever, we should really have our
uteruses bronzed and exhibited at the Smithsonian." And then they'd help us
clean up the mess.

Matthew and I are now adults. Two years ago, we decided to write a screenplay. I
am a writer and Matthew is a visual artist, so we figured we had the right
stuff. Who needed film school or screenwriting classes? We wanted to write about
a New York social type, and our favorite type was the Climber.

We concocted a plot in which three 30-year-old guys, frustrated by their
unsuccessful lives, finagle a free Park Avenue apartment and use it to try to
marry rich women. There are lots of old movies about women studying for their
"MRS degrees," armed with nothing but looks and guile. We wanted to turn this
convention on its head.

Of course, the old saying that every portrait is a self-portrait applies here.
There is an uncanny parallel between our story and what became of our actual
lives. Perhaps this should have come as no surprise. Making a movie about rich
people on a low budget is as crazy an endeavor as poor guys scheming to marry
rich.

In the story, the dating phase between the lead Climber and his dreamy debutante
goes easily enough. In life, our initial foray into the world of film was
surprisingly easy, too. After an undocumentable number of drafts, we got in
touch with Matt McGrath, a casual acquaintance and member of the Atlantic
Theater Company. He helped us organize a reading of the screenplay so we could
hear it out loud and maybe see Steven Spielberg walk in and offer to take it
home in a cash and carry deal. Well, Mr. Spielberg was a no-show and the script
had more holes than Presidential testimony, but people were really laughing.

Afterward, a friend who works on Wall Street and receives the type of year-end
bonuses that can retire national debts, approached me. "Why don't you get a few
names involved," he said, "and produce it yourselves as an independent?" I
laughed.  "So I'll just ring up Gwyneth, sell one of my diamond mines and make a
movie?" He didn't laugh. "I'll put up $250,000," he said. "Just like that?" I
asked, naturally suspicious of white knights, especially ones in suspenders and
wing tips. "No strings," he promised. "Well, maybe a small thread. I want a bit
part and I have this niece . . ."

"Deal," I said, my mouth suddenly taking on the flavor of drywall. Could such
horse trading for parts work to raise the rest of the money? Were Wall Streeters
vain enough to sacrifice a slice of their asset pie on the altar of fleeting
fame? I thought of everyone I knew in high finance and came to a quick
conclusion. We were in business.

To make sure that the money wasn't raised under conditions that could land us in
one of those bucolic prisons filled with people who put together imploding
limited partnerships, we needed a good entertainment lawyer and found one named
David Lubell. A patriarch for hire, his services were invaluable and valued at
$15,000.

David found us a director named Emily Baer, whose considerable spunk and spit we
could purchase for $20,000. We engaged an experienced casting director, Lina
Todd, for another $20,000 on a wave of promises and names, more accurately --
promises of names. We now needed a line producer to make sure our production
stuck to its budget. We hired Matt Janes, $12,000, who needed to be paid right
away because he hadbounced a check to his landlord. Clearly, in the case of Matt
Janes, my cousin and I became momentarily blind to that literary device called
foreshadowing.

In the movie, tension develops as the lead Climber has to start scrambling for
funds to wine and dine the debutante. We were in the same position -- borrowing,
begging and hustling to make our movie. The locations budget doubled as our
biggest location fell through two weeks before the start of principal
photography.

And with just one week to go, the cast was not in place either. "Casting is a
process," we, as saucer-eyed newcomers, were told by our experienced staff. "So
is pulling teeth!" my cousin finally screamed. "But you don't drag it out!"
Finally, after a week delay in shooting, which set us back $18,000, we got a
great cast. Stephen Mailer, son of Norman, who had just shot a lead role in Ang
Lee's forthcoming movie, "Ride With the Devil," would play the lead Climber in a
large cast that included Tamara Tunie ("Devil's Advocate," "The Peacemaker"),
Larry Pine ("Celebrity," "Vanya on 42d Street"), the former mayor Ed Koch and a
4-foot-8-inch woman named Muriel Kuhn, who decided to become an actress at age
80. She had already booked several national commercials and independent films
because, as she confided in me, "they love a fresh face."

It's usually a good idea, when embarking on a project like a movie -- or a
social-climbing expedition -- to know a little bit about what you're getting
into. But I still don't know if four years of film school (or 40, for that
matter) could have prepared me for the tumult of production. In the movie, the
lead Climber knows nothing of the gilded world he's entering but climbs up the
social ladder by constantly thinking on his feet. Of course, as resourceful as
he is, the inevitable happens. A crack in the plan opens up, and disaster spills
out.

Three weeks into our four-week shoot, having dealt with everyone from divas to
teamsters (who would come out alive in a rumble between those two groups?)
disaster struck.

We ran out of money.

Thanks to our inexperience as producers, Matt Janes's "close your eyes and hope
for the best" method of budgeting, and some overages that the Oracle at Delphi
could not have foreseen, we were broke, having gone $90,000 over budget. Now,
$90,000 is a rounding error by Hollywood standards, but not by ours. Our big
investor had developed a case of freeze-dried wallet because of some stock
market hiccups, and Matthew and I had already dribbled our measly assets into
the financial drain-o-matic our movie had become. In a matter of hours, we were
going to have to close down the shoot, short of a finished movie.

Matthew and I held an emergency pow-wow in which we laid out our options and
almost settled on cross-border flight before coming up with a saving solution.

"Mom!" I yelled into my cell phone, and Matthew did the same into his. And just
as they did when our childhood projects careened out of control, our moms
cleaned up. They dug deep into their savings, which, with jaws of life skill,
extracted us from our predicament and allowed us to finish shooting just in time
for Thanksgiving. We hope to hit this year's fall film festival circuit and land
a distribution deal. So our first foray into independent filmmaking has
culminated in reels of very funny film footage and two cash-strapped moms
smiling to each other, proud sisters, as they served turkey to their clever (not
to mention flat-broke) boys. Oh, you want to know what happens to the lead
Climber in the very end? Wait for the movie.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Stuart Goldenberg)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Top 10 highlights of the Cubs parade and rally

BYLINE: Rianne Coale, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 412 words


Nov. 04--108 years. That's how long Cubs fans waited for a World Series
championship, and likely the time it took to finagle their way through the
crowds lining the parade route.

And after more than a century of waiting, Friday's World Series celebration was
long overdue, and it certainly set the bar high for future Chicago
championships. Here are our top 10 highlights from the Cubs parade and rally.

10. The river ran blue

You know it's a real party when the Chicago River is dyed a different hue.

9. Fans, fans everywhere

City officials estimated a whopping 5 million people attended the Cubs
championship parade and rally. Throngs of loyal Cubs lovers young and old,
decked out in Cubbie gear, holding signs and waving flags crowded the streets,
trees, light posts and Grant Park. It was quite a sight to behold.

8. Be-a-utiful weather

After that nail-biting rain delay in Game 7, Chicago really couldn't ask for a
better forecast to celebrate in. The sky was showing off its cloudless, Cubs'
blue for all in attendance.

7. A look back

Something about a video montage recapping some of the best moments from the
Cubs' season and post season can make your eyes well up. Just saying.

6. Microphone profanity

"How 'bout this shit?!?" Leave it to Cubs pitcher Jon Lester to be the first
person to swear at the podium.

5. Rizzo's nickname

Ben Zobrist referred to Anthony Rizzo at the "Italian Stallion," and everything
was right in the world. He went on to explain how Rizzo pumped up the team by
playing the "Rocky" theme song and movies in the clubhouse.

4. A true moonwalker

Cubs shortstop Addison Russell moonwalked across stage at the rally when his
name was called during the player introduction. He's got mad skills.

3. Real men cry in front of millions

Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo teared up talking about fellow teammate catcher
"Grandpa" David Ross. "He taught myself personally how to be a winner," and said
Ross is "going out a champion forever."

2. Ross selfie

Like Rizzo, Ross fought back tears thanking his family and team. He then ended
his short but sweet speech with, "How about a quick selfie?" which he took with
the enormous crowd of fans behind him.

1. "Go, Cubs, Go!"

Country singer Brett Eldredge took to the stage at the end of the rally and led
the millions of fans in attendance in the Cubs' victory song.

@RianneCoale -- rcoale@redeyechicago.com

___ (c)2016 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161104-1RC-Top-10-highlights-of-the-Cubs-parade-and-rally-1104-20161104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2016


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 27, 2010 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

CRIST SHOULD GREET OBAMA

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 245 words


First, Gov. Charlie Crist supported the Republican-led Legislature's special
session last month when it agreed to seek federal stimulus dollars for the first
link of a high-speed train. Then he signed the bill.

But now that President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden are coming to
Tampa Thursday - reportedly to confirm the deal - he's not sure he can finagle
his schedule to show up? The U.S. Senate candidate, facing a tough primary, is
apparently worried about how it would play with the Republican base to be seen
with the nation's top two Democrats. He's still getting blowback from the
so-called man hug he gave Obama in February, when the president brought the
first federal stimulus check to town (and which the Legislature was only too
happy to spend).

It's time for the governor, who is normally a gracious host, to show up and do
his job. This isn't a partisan play. It's about what could be the crowning
achievement of his administration.

Overnight, the game would change for Central Florida, from the immediate jobs
that come with building the first link between Tampa and Orlando to the
long-term economic gains created by investing in mass transit. Crist and
legislative leaders should be clamoring to be on the stage to embrace what is
expected to be $2 billion-plus in federal largesse at a time when 11.8 percent
of Floridians are out of work.

That doesn't mean Crist has to give Obama a hug. Just a thank you, on behalf of
all the people of Florida.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 22, 2009 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Inside the Sixers: At the trade table, a decision to fold

BYLINE: By Kate Fagan; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 984 words


Ed Stefanski, the 76ers' president and general manager, had until 3 p.m.
Thursday - the NBA's trading deadline - to swap a player or two. Maybe finagle a
shooter. Perhaps upgrade a position.

Instead, Stefanski looked at his hand - a .500 team bursting with young talent -
and placed it face down, away from the league's wandering eyes.

Stefanski passed.

He guarded his young quartet of Andre Iguodala, Thaddeus Young, Lou Williams,
and Marreese Speights - for whom many teams called. Like pouring grout between
tiles, Stefanski has now solidified this season's pieces.

And so the questions become: Into what kind of mosaic can these pieces be
formed? How, on a team without outside shooters, can the Sixers produce outside
shooting?

A week ago, these questions weren't as desperate. The Sixers were strolling into
the all-star break with an admirable 27-24 record and tied for fifth in the
Eastern Conference. Over the previous 18 games, they had been the NBA's best
team with a 14-4 record.

They had - through quickened pace, hustling defense, and timely shooting - gone
from an Eastern Conference afterthought to a hip underdog.

But time - six days without a game - has appeared to have slammed the door on
that momentum: The Sixers lost their first two games after the break, shooting
38.5 percent against the Indiana Pacers and 32.6 percent against the Denver
Nuggets.

For the first time under coach Tony DiLeo, they looked as if they were running
their offense in mud. More than one possession ended with power forward Reggie
Evans, not a scorer if ever there wasn't one, well-defended on the block.

Pages could be written about the recent ineptitude of the Sixers' offense. But
it might be space better served by analyzing how - now that this is the roster -
the Sixers can produce something resembling an outside attack. It might be like
putting a Band-Aid on a gunshot wound, but there won't be a three-point
specialist galloping in on horseback to save the day.

The Sixers have proven they can win without shooters, patching together an
outside game predicated on up-and-down basketball and reliable reserves.

They must return to that game.

But how?

First, they must minimize the importance of the three-point shot. If you were a
pitcher without a curve, you'd make your fastball pop. For the Sixers, their
fastball is the transition game. If they play like they did right after the
break - back-to-back games without unleashing their break - the importance of
outside shooting increases.

The mistakes have been small, but the impact has been large.

On Wednesday night against the Nuggets, the Sixers had a potential three-on-one
break. Evans corralled the basketball just before half court. Within arm's
length stood Andre Miller, prepared and able to run the break.

Instead, Evans dribbled down court, eventually getting fouled. Evans - a career
52 percent free-throw shooter - made 1 of 2 free throws.

Sure, Miller was no farther upcourt than Evans, but Miller's skill set - court
vision, ballhandling, experience - would have increased the possibility of
success.

Evans leading a break instead of Miller is like trying to cut with a spoon. It
will never be as effective as a knife.

It wasn't game-changing, but what the Sixers left behind on that possession was
one point. One point another team - a better three-point shooting team - could
easily recoup with a three-pointer.

These small hiccups, these ineffective decisions, were rare in those 18 games
before the break.

Before the break, the Sixers, and more specifically Royal Ivey and Lou Williams,
were hitting timely shots. Since the break, Ivey has missed all five of his
attempted three-pointers, and Williams is 1 for 7. Both their shots are
fundamentally sound, but neither is a natural shooter.

If you watch Ivey's shot, it tends to miss short. Ivey said the biggest problem
with his shot is that it comes off flat, that he doesn't get enough arc to give
it a chance. Ivey said he could tell immediately, the instant he flicks his
wrist, if he has left it short.

Since the break, his shot has been flat. Since before the break, Williams' has
been erratic: He is 2 for his last 16 from beyond the arc.

But the worst thing the Sixers can do it stop shooting. If they start passing on
the correct shot, the one the offensive set clearly produced, their offensive
rebounding numbers will plummet because rebounders drift into position when the
correct shot is taken. And they'll also, most likely, be taking a tougher shot
than the original.

You might cringe the next time Willie Green lifts for a three-pointer, but watch
the rest of the players. Often, Green is shooting off a kick-out from Iguodala
or Young, both of whom continue toward the rim for the rebound.

Stefanski knew the numbers. He knew that watching the clock tick to 3 p.m. on
Thursday without movement left his team, worst in the NBA from outside, with a
hole in its armor the size of a basketball.

For 28 more games, the Sixers will need to stretch a Band-Aid wide enough to
cover it.

Inside the Sixers:

Read Kate Fagan's 76ers blog, Deep Sixer,

at http://go.philly.com/sports

Blog response of the week Subject: Sixers after the trade deadline

Posted by: MrPhillie 04:16 p.m., 02/19/2009

This year is definitely a waste. Even if they make the playoffs, and they most
likely will make the playoffs, they will surely lose in the first round. Yes,
their shooting stinks. . . . If the Sixers haven't established a few shooters by
now, then they probably do not exist. The Sixers have some good young talent
(Young, Speights, and even Williams . . . Iggy can't be thought of as a young
talent anymore but rather a veteran), but I do not see this nucleus challenging
for an NBA title. Sure, they could eventually become a five or a four seed, but
I just don't see a championship coming from the current bunch.

Contact staff writer Kate Fagan at 856-779-3844 or kfagan@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 25, 1989, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Stein Attacked on Campaign-Finance Refusal

BYLINE: By FRANK LYNN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 532 words


Representatives of four civic groups criticized City Council President Andrew J.
Stein yesterday for declining to participate in a new campaign-financing program
that restricts contributions and spending.

''The public has a right to be suspicious of Stein if he refuses to sign
certification that he will abide by the program,'' said Julian Palmer, executive
director of Common Cause. Mr. Stein put off a meeting last Monday with civic
representatives who had hoped to persuade him to reconsider his decision.

Mr. Stein said yesterday that he would follow the more liberal State Election
Law, rather than the city law, adding that he was opposed to accepting public
funds for his campaign. ''It's almost unconscionable,'' he said, ''that while
people are dying in city hospitals for lack of care, this money should be used
to pay for TV commercials and shopping bags.''

The executive director of the New York Public Interest Group, Gene Russianoff,
said, ''If you are not in the public-financing system, you can finagle, wheel
and deal and subvert the spirit of the law and still claim that you are abiding
by it.''

Mr. Russianoff and Mr. Palmer said if Mr. Stein was genuinely concerned about
city spending, he should enter the program, abide by its limits and not accept
any public money.

'Hardly a Model of Civic Virtue'

Helen Sheldon of the League of Women Voters and Jeanette Kahlenberg of the
Citizens Union had also been scheduled to meet with Mr. Stein.

Mr. Stein said he hoped to meet with the representatives next Monday. The
deadline for joining the public financing system for candidates who have
existing campaign funds like Mr. Stein is Feb. 3.

Mr. Palmer said Mr. Stein's past campaign financing had been ''hardly a model of
civic virtue.''

Mr. Stein, who comes from a wealthy family, borrowed more than $1 million to
finance his 1985 race for Council president a year after he had borrowed a
similar amount for an unsuccessful bid for Congress. Mr. Stein has reduced the
Council president campaign debt to $300,000 and was a main promoter of a
loophole in the new finance law that allows contributions of up to $50,000 an
election or primary race if the money is for debt reduction. The normal limit is
$3,000.

Mr. Stein owes himself $970,850 for the 1984 Congressional campaign, according
to his latest report to the Federal Election Commission. The loan is supposed to
carry 8 percent interest. The report, dated Dec. 31, shows no interest paid or
added to the debt, commission officials said.

The only other Board of Estimate member who has not joined the public-financing
program is Borough President Howard Golden of Brooklyn. He said he was leaning
against joining because the program was ''an awful way to use people's money.''

Two City Council members with relatively conservative constituencies, Michael
DeMarco of the Bronx and Jerome X. O'Donovan of Staten Island, both Democrats,
have declined to join for the same reason. Mr. DeMarco called the program, which
is supposed to cost $28 million but has no upper limit, ''another Yankee
Stadium,'' a reference to the cost of revamping the stadium, which jumped to
$100 million from $28 million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Andrew J. Stein (NYT/Jim Wilson)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                October 18, 2006

How well do you know your network?;
Content control products tell of leaks, misuse.

BYLINE: Cara Garretson

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1208 words


The information security officer for a network of healthcare centers in New York
found an employee sending confidentialpayroll information to a recruiter. A
California-based semiconductor manufacturing technology provider caught a worker
e-mailing PowerPoint slides detailing product plans to a former colleague at a
competitor to show off the "cool things" he was working on. A network
administrator for a school district in Indiana nabbed a student trying to
finagle school lunch account information stored on an off-limits server.

These are just some of the things you can learn when you take a good look at
what goes on inside your network.

Related story: Network monitoring tools vendors aim to let tools play together
"Oh, you'd be surprised," says Mark Moroses, senior director of technical
services and information security officer with Maimonides Medical Center in
Brooklyn, who found an employee instant-messaging payroll information -
including social security numbers - to a recruiter.

That discovery came about three years ago when Maimonides was looking for a way
to better control who was accessing what on its network, per HIPAA
specifications and also because the company has to give network access to users
who aren't employees, such as referring doctors. Maimonides brought in security
vendor Reconnex, which set up a risk assessment test that monitored the network
for 48 hours.

"It's an eye-opening experience," Moroses says of the test. Having found
numerous instances of questionable employee productivity (extended visits to
Myspace.com, for example) as well as some policy breaches, the company installed
Reconnex's electronic risk protection offering to monitor employee interaction
with the outside world, and is now leveraging the product to ensure that
employees are only accessing the internal information that they are authorized
to view.

"We've gone through an awakening in stages, we put [Reconnex] at all our egress
points because we wanted to know what's going out, what's coming in...it leads
you to ask questions about what's going on internally, people accessing internal
data," Moroses says. "We've looked at the edge, now we're looking internally."

Reconnex is one of a handful of vendors that make up a relatively new area in
the security market that also includes vendors such as Oakley Networks, Vontu,
Vericept, PortAuthority Technologies, Securify, Tablus, and others.

Called a variety of terms including network content filtering/control, network
leak prevention, extrusion prevention, and risk protection, this category is
largely defined by products that monitor multiple network protocols with
sophisticated word analysis and automated data discovery techniques to alert
administrators when sensitive information is being accessed by unauthorized
employees and/or sent outside of the network. As these products mature, the
facility to block sensitive information from being viewed or sent out of the
network is being added.

While having such a view into your network sounds as good as a superpower, there
are trade offs.

First, there are the upfront costs; typical configurations for these tools -
most of which are appliances loaded with specialized software - generally start
between $25,000 and $50,000. In the defense-in-depth model that's become a
popular way to describe the need for multiple layers of information security
required in and around an organization, these tools are secondary to the
perimeter products such as firewalls and intrusion-detection systems required to
keep unauthorized users off a network.

Then there's the time and energy required to customize these tools so that they
understand what an organization deems sensitive.

"In advance of using this kind of tool, you really have to decide what to use it
for, what nuggets [of information] are you looking for, because these tools
really will give you everything," says Tom Scocca, investigator and global
security consultant for a large provider of microprocessor manufacturing
technology, which has about 17,000 users on its network. The company uses Oakley
Networks' CoreView appliance, and Scocca says the vendor was very helpful in
tuning the product to meet its needs.

But still the company needed to decide what its crown jewels were before the
tool could be effective, Scocca says.

"If you don't have any idea about what's important to your company's bottom
line, then this is just a fancy tool to let you know what's traveling across the
wire," he says.

There's also a question of need surrounding these products. While the benefits
of being able to closely track network events may be clear to IT professionals,
articulating the cost justification to others in an organization can be
challenging, especially since no one can guarantee 100 % security. And the
feature sets of these tools bleed into other product categories, which can cause
management to scratch their heads wondering if all these layers of security are
truly necessary.

"It's a risk management question," says Trent Henry, senior analyst with the
Burton Group, of whether every company needs such intense network monitoring.
"I've seen a number of organizations that didn't even have [these tools] on
their radar.

But these vendors have emerged to streamline the process of gathering what's
sensitive, create policies and automate the process of where sensitive
information lies, so it's increasingly becoming a more standard part of the
infrastructure."

Others say these tools are indispensable in this day and age where protecting
information means protecting assets.

"Information has a dollar value [today], whereas 10 years ago no one knew how to
equate it," says Sharon Finney, information security administrator at Dekalb
Medical Center in Decatur, Ga., which uses Vericept to monitor is 3,500-user
network. "Now, because you can tie all this [personal] information together into
a meaningful picture of a person, then that information does have a dollar
value, and it's important that it be protected."

Then there's the privacy issue. While in the United States there are no laws
against a company claiming rights to everything an employee does when using the
corporate network, the same isn't true in some European and Asian countries,
where the notion of an individual's privacy trumps corporate policy.

Of the handful of organizations interviewed for this article, only one had
informed its employees that it was using a network content monitoring tool; the
remainder rely on their corporate policies that they believe give them the
latitude to monitor network use.

But for credit agency Equifax, just telling employees about its plans to use
Vontu's content monitoring tool had an effect on behavior.

The company was testing Vontu's product and debated whether to inform employees.
When the company saw how many policy violations were made just during the test
period, it decided to apprise its staff, says Tony Spinelli, senior vice
president of information security at Equifax.

"When we said `we have a product we're using to monitor you' we saw events drop
by 90%," Spinelli says. "If you communicate it in the right way and are a little
more honest and open by saying `here's what we're doing and here's why' I think
it helps to change user behavior."



LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2006 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 25, 2004, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Health systems cutting costs by closing door on drug reps

BYLINE: Liz Szabo

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 12B

LENGTH: 898 words

Employees at Affinity Health System conducted a controversial sort of spring
cleaning this year.

The company, based in northeast Wisconsin, cleared its clinics of clocks,
calendars and other freebies dished out by drug companies. The goal: to strip
away promotional items that encourage doctors to prescribe pricey brand-name
drugs.

Drug salespeople also may no longer buy lunch for office staff as a way to
finagle more time to pitch their products, says Michael Madden, Affinity's
medical director for primary care.


And Affinity is developing a policy to dramatically cut back on free drug
samples. Consumers who refill prescriptions for brand-name pills may spend
hundreds of dollars more than if they started off with cheaper generics, Madden
says.

With prescription drugs driving up the cost of medical care, Affinity is among a
small but growing number of health care systems that are turning their clinics
into commercial-free zones.

Such changes have been unpopular with drug reps, who say they're just trying to
help doctors stay up-to-date on the latest medical information, as well as some
physicians, who often reserve samples for patients who can't afford prescription
drugs. Some health companies have tried to soften the blow of banning samples by
hiring specialists to help poor patients enroll in discount-drug programs.

California-based Kaiser Permanente pioneered such reforms more than a decade
ago. In the past year and a half, a number of health systems have followed its
example:

 * Minnesota's HealthPartners has reduced sample use by nearly 90% in the past
seven months.

 * Seattle's Group Health Cooperative and Pennsylvania's Geisinger Health System
have banned samples and allow drug representatives by appointment only.

 * The University of Michigan Health System employs pharmacists to track
doctors' prescribing patterns and sometimes suggests more cost-effective
treatments.

 * New York state's Excellus BlueCross BlueShield uses pharmacy consultants to
update doctors on new drugs so health professionals don't have to rely on
industry representatives.

Even doctors who still see drug reps say they are spending less time with them.
Five years ago, doctors often spent 15 to 20 minutes with a sales rep, according
to Accenture, which analyzes the drug industry. Typical sales calls today last
just 90 seconds.

Health systems that own both medical offices and insurance plans have a strong
incentive to check drug costs. Many health providers also say they want to avoid
the hassle and potential safety hazards involved in storing samples.

Though some doctors say they have stopped meeting with drug reps to avoid the
appearance of impropriety, others say they're simply too busy. Before the
Madison, Wis.-based Dean Health System changed its policy in 2000, sales reps in
the office outnumbered doctors 2 to 1, says Don Waldrop, who helped write the
new rules. Today salespeople are welcome only at formal educational conferences.


Some health care systems have seen dramatic results. Drug costs declined 10%
after the Seattle-area Everett Clinic banned sales reps and samples in 1998,
even as costs rose 15% at competing practices, medical director Al Fisk says.

The University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics offers patients vouchers for
free generics in place of samples. Lee Vermeulen, director of the school's
Center for Drug Policy, estimates that every $1,000 spent on generics saves the
health care system -- including patients, insurers, employers and others -- $1
million a year.

The University of Wisconsin and other clinics in Madison also have developed a
common disciplinary database. Drug representatives with three violations -- for
offenses such as giving out food or loitering outside doctors' lounges -- may
lose their hospital access across the city for six months, Vermeulen says.

Even critics note that the drug industry has eliminated many of its former
excesses. In 2002, the American Medical Association and the Pharmaceutical
Research and Manufacturers of America released updated ethical guidelines on
gifts. While textbooks are acceptable, golf outings and lavish junkets are not.

Some doctors complain that reformers are going too far. Drugmakers note that
samples also let patients try medications -- to make sure that they don't cause
allergic reactions or side effects -- before paying for a larger supply.

Christine Kirby, a spokeswoman for Aventis, says her company opposes policies
that limit interactions between drug reps and doctors. "We believe that access
to relevant scientific and educational information leads to optimal patient
care," she says.

Some wonder whether the drug industry really needs so many sales reps.
Nationwide, the number has quadrupled in the past decade to more than 90,000.
The industry spent $22 billion last year marketing to doctors, including samples
with a retail value of more than $16 billion, according to IMS Health, which
analyzes the pharmaceutical field.

Doctors such as John Billi of the University of Michigan Medical School say that
restrictions on drug marketing actually ease the pressure on manufacturers. "If
one pharmaceutical company does it, they all have to do it," says Billi,
associate dean for clinical affairs. "We feel like we're helping them by calling
off the arms race."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: IMS Health (LINE
GRAPH); PHOTO, B/W, Michael O'Leary for USA TODAY; No freebies allowed: Nathan
Lawless, left, a clinical pharmacist and drug-use specialist, and physician
Richard Rafoth decide what drugs to buy for the Everett (Wash.) Clinic.
Pharmacists meet with sales representatives to select drugs and regularly meet
with doctors to explain choices.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 23, 1997, Sunday, FIVE STAR EDITION

BUFFALOES BUMP MU OFF MOUNTAIN 84-75;
TIGERS (13-14) UNDER .500 1ST TIME SINCE '90

BYLINE: Vahe Gregorian; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 765 words

DATELINE: BOULDER, COLO.


With the last vestiges of an NCAA Tournament at-large bid at stake in the thin
Colorado air, the Missouri Tigers on Saturday night came up wheezing.

At the Coors Events Center, a.k.a. "the Foam Dome," MU came up fizzless in an
84-75 loss to No. 21 Colorado.

Mizzou fell to 13-14 - the first time it has been under .500 since 1990 - and
5-9 in Big 12 Conference play.

The Buffs, who had lost three of their last five, are 19-7 and 10-4 - the first
time the school has achieved a 10th conference victory in a season since
1968-69.

Chauncey Billups led Colorado with 31 points. Jason Sutherland led MU with 18
points in just 28 minutes.

In his first full season as Colorado's coach, Ricardo Patton is 3-0 against MU
coach Norm Stewart.

Colorado is on the cusp of just the second 20-win season in school history,
while the Tigers will have to pull a Houdini to finagle a way into the NCAA
Tournament: The game was vital to MU's emaciated hopes of securing an at-large
bid.

Based on precedent set in the former Big Eight, MU's previous conference, each
conference team to achieve at least 17 victories against Division I teams and a
.500 record in conference regular-season play has been deemed worthy of an
invitation. That's since the NCAA Tournament field expanded to 64 teams in
1984-85.

If Missouri could have won its three remaining regular-season games, it would
seem to need to win just two games in the Big 12 Tournament to meet the
criteria. (One of MU's victories was against Division II Northwest Missouri
State).

Now, the Tigers will be saddled with the oppressive task of trying to claim the
automatic bid that comes with winning the conference tournament. That will
require the Tigers to win four games in four days in Kansas City.

MU is 0-8 in true road games this season, including 0-7 in Big 12 road games.
The Tigers also are 1-8 against ranked teams.

The Buffs, who earlier this season had beaten MU in Columbia for the first time
since 1973, swept the Tigers for the first time since then - and apparently
anticipated a rough time doing it.

"You'd better play just as physical (as Missouri)," Colorado's Fred Edmond said
before the game, "because if you're timid they'll throw you in the stands."

Local papers had described MU as the "most-hated" team in the league. Patton,
though, praised MU for its toughness and added, "All I tell my kids is don't
allow anybody to come in and beat you up. . . . You can't allow people to push
you around. If you do, it's going to happen."

Colorado tolerated Mizzou for the hideous first 20 minutes, during which the
teams combined to make 19 of 55 field goals. The Tigers, who had led the first
game 35-31 at halftime, trailed by as many as five in the half and led by as
many as six.

But Colorado cut into the 22-16 buffer with two Martice Moore free throws and an
Fred Edmonds basket around successive MU turnovers, enabling the Buffs to be in
position to tie 26-26 . . . and setting up their second-half ambush.

Billups, who had 28 points in the first meeting but made just two of nine
first-half shots, began the half with a bucket. MU's Tyron Lee answered, but a
Will Smith 3-point play began a 21-6 run made possible by multiple MU unforced
errors - and a technical foul on Stewart.

With Colorado leading 44-32, MU's Tate Decker was jostled by Edmonds and lost
the ball out of bounds. Stewart, who appeared to want a technical, walked to the
baseline to make a protracted protest. The official let it go . . . until he
abruptly turned and T'd him as they walked together upcourt.

Billups missed both free throws, but Colorado's Charlie Melvin made two free
throws after being fouled. The Buffs biggest lead was 18, twice.

MU didn't wilt, though. Trailing 63-45, the Tigers went on a 13-2 rampage -
triggered by a 3-pointer by seldom-seen Chip Walther and eight successive points
by Derek Grimm - to make it 65-58 with 5:03 left.

MU couldn't quite pounce, either, as Billups hit a dispiriting 3-pointer to make
it 72-60 with 3:10 left.

Still, MU cut it to 80-75 with 23.7 seconds left on a 3-pointer by Sutherland,
who scored seven successive points after inexplicably sitting out most of the
half and being reinserted in the final 1 minute 46 seconds. But Moore made two
free throws, and Billups added two more after Sutherland missed a 3 in between.

Mizzou was hindered in its comeback by the absence of Kelly Thames, who twisted
an ankle before the game. The Tigers also were without injured freshman Jeff
Hafer, again out with a combination of wrist and shoulder injuries.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            January 20, 2014 Monday

Where Do Rich and Famous New Yorkers Live?

BYLINE: Kim Velsey

LENGTH: 396 words


Want to orchestrate a meet-cute with Leonardo DiCaprio? You might try haunting
Greenwich Village, where the mega-star just moved. Better yet, finagle an
apartment in his building at 66 East 11th Street (provided you have upwards of
$30 million to spare). After all, neighborly encounters have been a favorite of
romantic comedy writers since at least Top Hat. Or maybe you're just the kind of
nosy, Star-clutching New Yorker who delights in living vicariously through
famous people. Either way, Rentenna's new celebrity map ought to prove useful.

Unsurprisingly, the rental website reveals that Brooklyn is where you'll find an
ever-increasing number of celebrities strutting nonchalantly around in $1,000
sweatpants and cashmere hoodies-stars, they're just like us! Except for the fact
that they're way richer and better looking than us.

So as not to (presumably) encourage any stalkers of the hard-core (as opposed to
the meandering tourist) variety, Rentenna doesn't actually provide street
addresses, but it's a nice overview of where famous people like to congregate
(as for the nitty-gritty details of celebrity dwellings, you can find those in
The  Observer).

Besides the fact that everyone's moving to Brooklyn, including Chloe Sevigny,
who's not on the map, despite having recently purchased a Park Slope co-op (to
be fair, the deal didn't close until December), the map also makes it abundantly
clear that no one who is anyone is moving North of Central Park. (With the
exception of Neal Patrick Harris.) Also, not popular-Fifth Avenue! Apparently
those old-fashioned co-op boards still frown on "entertainers," unlike their
peers across the park who have learned to embrace the Hollywood set. But things
are changing, as evidenced by the fact that the board of River House recently
approved Uma Thurman, whose unsmiling visage you can find right on East 52nd
Street. (Too bad her River House neighbor Henry Kissinger did not make the
celebrity map cut.)

Rentenna compiles the date for its celebrity index, which helpfully tells you
how close rentals listings are to famous people. For instance, the Westminster
on West 20th Street in Chelsea has great transportation, 501 restaurants that
will deliver food to your doorstep and Harrison Ford a mere two minute walk
away. (Ira Glass is also nearby, but apparently public radio famous isn't famous
enough for the star map.)

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 2, 2005 Saturday
                                  All Editions

July Fourth reflection on nation's heritage

BYLINE: Kent Ward

SECTION: Pg. A11

LENGTH: 810 words


Because this particular Fourth of July falls on a Monday and creates a
legitimate three-day respite for the nation's worker bees, the federal
government has not had to arbitrarily move the holiday to Monday to fashion one
of its bogus three-day weekends designed to appease the masses and ward off
potential insurrection.

No matter. Any civil servant worth his keep likely figured out a way to finagle
the day off yesterday to turn the nation's annual birthday bash into a four-day
vacation, thereby keeping pace with his creative counterparts in the private
sector.

If ever a national holiday was made for such opportunistic goofing off it would
be Independence Day, forged in the spirit of 1776, when our rowdy ancestors -
possibly fueled by equal portions of patriotism and hard cider - informed the
Brits that they were mad as hell about the oppressive
taxation-without-representation thing, and not about to take it any more.

"I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of
experience," firebrand orator Patrick Henry declared in his famous "give me
liberty, or give me death" speech of 1775. "I know of no way of judging the
future but by the past..."

And one thing the past had taught him, the radical Virginia bomb thrower assured
his rapt audience, was that no good could possibly come from a life of
indentured servitude to the British Parliament, which, among other things, was
hell-bent on taxing the colonies to death.

If the colonists didn't wish to see all the hard work of their noble struggle
for freedom go for naught they had no choice but to fight, Henry declared, and
the sooner, the better. Within a month, Paul Revere had made his well-chronicled
ride on horseback from Boston to Lexington to warn the natives that British
redcoats were hot on his tail and they were not a bunch of happy campers. The
Revolutionary War had kicked off in fine shape, and the rest is history.

In 1976, when the republic celebrated its 200th birthday, the Norfolk and
Western Railway distributed a poster featuring an essay titled "I Am the
Nation," by an unidentified author, reminding us of our heritage. Every dozen or
so years I like to dust off and trot out the keepsake, for a couple of reasons:
1) because I can; and, 2) with any luck it might somehow irritate those among us
who seem to not like America very much these days. Herewith, an edited version:

I was born on July 4, 1776, and the Declaration of Independence is my birth
certificate. The bloodlines of the world run in my veins, because I offered
freedom to the oppressed. I am many things, and many people. I am the nation.

I am 213 million living souls - and the ghost of millions who have lived and
died for me.

I am Nathan Hale and Paul Revere. I stood at Lexington and fired the shot heard
around the world. I am Washington, Jefferson and Patrick Henry. I am John Paul
Jones, the Green Mountain Boys and Davy Crockett. I am Lee and Grant and Abe
Lincoln.

I remember the Alamo, the Maine and Pearl Harbor. When freedom called I answered
and stayed until it was over, over there. I left my heroic dead in Flanders
fields, on the rock of Corregidor, on the bleak slopes of Korea and in the
steaming jungles of Vietnam.

I am the Brooklyn Bridge, the wheatlands of Kansas and the granite hills of
Vermont. I am the coalfields of the Virginias and Pennsylvania, the fertile
lands of the west, the Golden Gate and the Grand Canyon. I am Independence Hall,
the Monitor and the Merrimack.

I am big. I sprawl from the Atlantic to the Pacific. My arms reach out to
embrace Alaska and Hawaii; three million square miles throbbing with industry. I
am forest, field, mountain and desert. I am quiet villages, and cities that
never sleep.

You can look at me and see Ben Franklin walking down the streets of Philadelphia
with his breadloaf under his arm. You can see Betsy Ross with her needle. You
can see the lights of Christmas, and hear the strains of "Auld Lang Syne" as the
calendar turns.

I am Babe Ruth and the World Series. I am 110,000 schools and colleges, and
330,000 churches where my people worship God as they think best.

I am a ballot dropped in a box, the roar of a crowd in a stadium and the voice
of a choir in a cathedral. I am an editorial in a newspaper and a letter to a
Congressman.

I am Eli Whitney and Stephen Foster. I am Tom Edison, Albert Einstein and Billy
Graham. I am Horace Greeley, Will Rogers and the Wright Brothers. George
Washington Carver, Jonas Salk and Martin Luther King...

Yes, I am the nation, and these are the things that I am. I was conceived in
freedom and, God willing, in freedom I will spend the rest of my days. May I
possess always the integrity, the courage and the strength to keep myself
unshackled, to remain a citadel of freedom and a beacon of hope to the world.


NEWS columnist Kent Ward's e-mail address is olddawg@bangordailynews.net.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 15, 1999, Friday, Home Edition

Letters, Faxes & E-mail: Proud Olympic moments now forgotten

BYLINE: LEIGH GREEN, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 178 words

According to a Constitution editorial, "The host city now will be remembered for
two things: the commercial tackiness of its streets during the Games and the
revelations of shady methods to finagle them" ("Team halts city's fall from
grace," Oct. 5).

Should we forget the wonderful spirit of volunteerism that prevailed before and
during the 1996 Games? Should we not remember that these Games did not leave us
with the crushing debt burden experienced by residents of other host cities?

Is there to be no place in our memories for the visitors from around the world
who came and enjoyed our city? And I suppose we should just eliminate from our
minds the way Atlantans reclaimed their park and stood up to terrorism in the
summer of 1996.

Perhaps you could put a couple of reporters to work covering just why it is that
the Journal-Constitution is conducting an unrelenting campaign to degrade what
was a shining moment in the history of our fair city.
LEIGH GREEN
Green, of Atlanta, is a network television reporter who covered the 1996 Olympic
Games.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 5, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

Personalities

BYLINE: Lisa Serene Gelb

SECTION: Style; C2

LENGTH: 756 words


Two things actor Robert Blake always appears to be, off screen as well as on,
are tough-talking and socially concerned. Currently in town trying to finagle a
meeting with President Reagan, Blake is spending his free time here lobbying for
various causes.

The television star has been speaking on local radio shows, trying to raise
money for the Great Peace March, a walk from Los Angeles to Washington
demonstrating support for nuclear disarmament. The marchers are now camped about
60 miles outside Las Vegas.

The march has had severe financial difficulties, and 700 to 900 participants
have dropped out, Blake said yesterday, but he is certain the 500 remaining will
make it to Washington in November. "They've turned into lizards. They can
survive on dirt and shrubs," he said.

Blake spoke last night at the Library of Congress, protesting the recent budget
cuts. "I can't believe they took $18 million away so we can make more bombs," he
said. He also joined Jesse Jackson and actress Oprah Winfrey at a memorial
service at the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church marking the 18th anniversary
of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination.

The main purpose for Blake's visit, however, is to talk with Reagan. He said, "I
just want to shake his hand and tell him we share his goal of global nuclear
disarmament now."

Of Meese and Medal

Graham T. Allison, dean of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard
University, has apologized for deciding to present Attorney General Edwin Meese
III with a medal without first consulting faculty members, the Harvard Crimson
reported yesterday. Critics at Harvard have questioned Meese's understanding of
the U.S. Constitution, charged that he opposed affirmative action and alleged
that his personal financial conduct did not meet proper ethical standards.

"I explained that I have obviously failed to think through as carefully as I
could have how a reasonable instinct could be misinterpreted," said Allison. The
dean said he intended the Kennedy School 50th Anniversary Medal for
Distinguished Public Service to be a gift of thanks to Meese for his
participation in the anniversary celebration.

Allison said he personally made the decision to award Meese the medal, adding
that he did not regret the decision and had no plans to withdraw the offer.
Meese is scheduled to accept the award and make a speech at the school
Wednesday.

End Notes

Haing S. Ngor,the Cambodian doctor who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of
fellow countryman Dith Pran in the movie "The Killing Fields," was sworn in
yesterday as an American citizen. Ngor, who took the oath of citizenship in Los
Angeles, said, "I thank God very much . . . Bravo freedom. Bravo U.S.A.!" Ngor
said he is writing a book and a screenplay about his life.

Priscilla Davis, the Texas socialite whose husband, oil tycoon T. Cullen Davis,
was acquitted in the 1976 murders of her lover and 12-year-old daughter, is
holding a garage sale. Sort of. She is selling off expensive items such as a
1980 Clenet automobile, two Chippendale sofas and two dozen fur coats, which she
simply won't have room for when she moves from her Dallas estate into a luxury
condominium. The sale, which began yesterday, will last five days and is
expected to net at least $500,000, according to the auctioneer. Said Davis,
"Some people have garage sales. I have an estate. I think it's a great idea. I
wish I'd thought of it sooner. Maybe I'll do it every year."

Publishers Chris Whittle and Phillip Moffitt, whose holdings include Esquire
magazine, have agreed to separate as business partners and divide their shares
in the 13-30 Corp., their specialty magazine publishing company, according to a
report in The New York Times. Whittle, 38, and Moffitt, 39, have been partners
since they were students at the University of Tennessee, and are widely credited
with being the first to bring out magazines sponsored by a single advertiser.
After the separation, Whittle will head Whittle Communications, a reincarnation
of 13-30; Moffitt will own more than 50 percent of the shares of Esquire
Magazine Group Inc.

The guru without a country, Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, is still trying to settle
down. Currently in Montevideo, Uruguay, on a 90-day tourist visa, Rajneesh
applied for permanent residency in Uruguay Thursday, providing a health
certificate and a $10,000 certificate of deposit in a local branch of an
American bank. Said a senior Uruguayan immigration official yesterday: "It is
very probable that he can stay here."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                            December 24, 2006 Sunday

BOYS BASKETBALL: Trojan big men handle Wildcats

BYLINE: By ANDY SANDRIK Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 665 words


MECHANICSBURG -- All Mechanicsburg wanted for Christmas was to stop its losing
streak and break up the Chambersburg boys basketball team's undefeated season.

The Wildcats tried their darndest to finagle a non-league win against the
Trojans, but ultimately fell 49-40 for their third straight loss since starting
the season 5-0.

Mechanicsburg's biggest struggles came against Chambersburg big men Devonté
Merritt (12 points, 12 rebounds) and Armond Perez (16 points, 9 rebounds), who
were often on the floor at the same time. The twin towers stood tall for most of
the game, and when they weren't scoring, they were rebounding.

Wildcat coach Bob Strickler said, "Merritt and Perez are big and they bounce
higher than our guys. It seemed like when they needed a bucket, all they had to
was go inside."

Chambersburg held a 16-14 lead early in the second quarter, then ended the
period on a 13-4 run. Perez sparked the run with a putback and a foul shot.
After Perez completed the three-point play, the Trojans forced a Mechanicsburg
turnover that turned into an inside score by Merritt to make it 21-14.

From there, Chambersburg's Aaron Hill (9 points) and Jamill Whitehead (9 points)
picked up the second-quarter scoring load and combined for the rest of the run's
eight points. The Trojans went up 29-18 at halftime after outscoring the
Wildcats 18-8 in the second quarter.

"I respect Mechanicsburg; they execute well to get shots for the shooters on
their offense," Chambersburg coach Shawn Shreffler said. "We forced them to take
jumpers and our rebounding was good early."

The Wildcats actually outscored the Trojans in the second half, 22-20, but still
couldn't find an answer for Merritt and Perez, who combined for 14 second-half
points, or 70 percent of Chambersburg's scoring.

"I think our bigs were better than theirs and we used it to our advantage,"
Merritt said. "Our whole team was talking off the screens and we weren't giving
up threes."

Mechanicsburg battled to within five, 40-35, in the fourth, but Chambersburg
ended the game on a 9-5 run.

"This game wasn't so much what we didn't do, but what they did," Strickler said.
"Chambersburg plays great defense under coach Shreffler and they take you out of
what you want to do."

The Trojans have a tuneup against winless Gettysburg on Friday before heading
back into their Mid Penn Commonwealth schedule. The date you should have circled
on your calendar is Jan. 9: That's when Chambersburg hosts undefeated
Harrisburg, which has beaten every conference opponent by at least 20 points.

"We're really waiting for that game," Merritt said. "But we can't overlook our
next opponent. We have to play hard every game."

Notes: Mechanicsburg point guard Chris White suffered a bloody nose and had to
wear three different jerseys: Nos. 4, 53 and 55 ... Chambersburg shot 19-of-44
(43.%) ... Chad Zeigler led the Wildcats with 14 points ... The Trojans could've
salted the win away earlier had they shot better than 9-of-21 (42.8%) from the
free throw line.

----------

Andy Sandrik may be reached at 262-4768 and asandrik@publicopinionnews.com .

----------

Chambersburg 49, Mechanicsburg 40

CHAMBERSBURG

Armond Perez 6 4-5 16, Devonté Merritt 5 2-6 12, Jamill Whitehead 3 2-3 9, Aaron
Hill 4 1-3 9, Nate Strickler 1 0-1 3, Nate Orndorff 0 0-0 0, Eddie Olson 0 0-0
0, Zach Frelin 0 0-3 0, Ben Eby 0 0-0 0. Totals 19 9-21 49.

MECHANICSBURG

Chad Zeigler 6 0-0 14, Dan Knapp 1 2-2 4, Tommy Micelli 2 0-0 4, Jake Zeigler 3
0-3 6, Steve Edgar 2 1-2 5, Chris White 1 1-3 3, Logan Zugay 0 2-3 2, Roy McGill
1 0-0 2. Totals 16 6-13 40.

Chambersburg 11 18 11 9 -- 49

Mechanicsburg 10 8 13 9 -- 40

3-point shots -- Chbg 2 (Whitehead, Strickler); Mech 2 (C.Zeigler). Shooting --
Chbg 19-44 (43.1%). Rebounds -- Chbg 29 (Merritt 12, Perez 9). Assists -- Chbg
13 (Strickler 4). Fouled out -- Knapp.

----------

Records: Chambersburg (8-0) hosts Gettysburg on Friday, 7:30 ... Mechanicsburg
is 5-3 after its third straight defeat.

----------

JV: Chambersburg 43, Mechanicsburg 37.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Sailing by on a lot of luck

BYLINE: Robert Z. Nemeth

SECTION: COMMENTARY; ROBERT Z. NEMETH; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 879 words


Based on personal experiences and his record, I've never had much respect for
John Kerry. I've known him to be pompous, manipulative and a less than truthful
poseur. I voted for his opponent in every election and was alarmed at the
prospect of him becoming president of the United States. So I was not overly
surprised upon learning that he might have attempted to dodge state taxes on his
76-foot, $7 million luxury yacht. But I felt disgust.

I would be disgusted even if he hadn't been caught trying to finagle
Massachusetts out of about a half-million dollars by keeping his floating dream
boat in Rhode Island, a state that repealed sales tax on boats to make the Ocean
State a haven for tax-skirting luxury yacht owners.

I reject class warfare and believe in the free enterprise system that rewards
people for accomplishment. But I'm sickened by the thought of my senior senator,
a public servant, spending $7 million on a boat with "Edwardian-style, glossy
varnished teak interior, two VIP main cabins and a pilothouse fitted with a wet
bar and cold wine storage."

The arrogant display of such a sybaritic lifestyle in the midst of a historic
recession is unforgivable.

The late Ted Kennedy was an avid sailor all his life, but was content with a
relatively modest boat that he kept in Hyannis. His successor, Scott Brown, is
noted for driving a pickup truck and wearing a barn jacket. Most of John Kerry's
constituents don't make $7 million in a lifetime of hard work. That amount of
money could have saved dozens of state services that were cut back due to a
budget crunch.

The fact that the money comes from Mr. Kerry's wife, ketchup queen Teresa Heinz,
is irrelevant. She is often portrayed as a philanthropist, which she should be
in view of a half-billion-dollar fortune inherited from her first husband. Her
charitable contributions could have been enhanced by the seven million bucks
splurged on the floating toy called Isabel. (As the story goes, that is the name
Mrs. Kerry would have chosen had she had a girl instead of three boys.)

It was said Isabel is owned by a corporation in Pittsburgh, where company
headquarters are. Is that a potential shelter for the annual excise tax of
$70,000 owed to Massachusetts?

It was said the yacht is based at the Newport Shipyard for long-term maintenance
and charter purposes. Does that mean the Kerrys are now in the rental business,
and anyone with a pile of cash can have Isabel for a vacation, complete with the
VIP cabins, crew quarters and wet bar?

A Kerry aide told reporters the boat was built in Massachusetts. Actually, it
was built in New Zealand, and Mr. Kerry was seen there in December, inspecting
the work in progress. He was also seen on the vessel in Massachusetts, which
makes him liable for a 6.25 percent sales tax, payable to the commonwealth.

There were other discrepancies and obfuscations.

First, the senator tried to shift the responsibility. "We haven't taken full
delivery yet," he said. Then he said he will pay, "if I owed taxes." Later he
modified his position, announcing he will pay the $500,000 "whether owed or
not." Next, he insisted he always intended to pay taxes, even though, he noted,
"legally I'm not compelled." He referred to himself in the third person: "If you
guys think that John Kerry doesn't have enough sense ..."

He said he ordered the boat when the economy was still robust, but "there's no
way we would have signed a contract" after recession set in. (It all sounds
familiar. Remember when he was against the war in Iraq until he was for it?) He
made no apology for flaunting his wealth. "Well, wealth is measured in different
ways," he mused. "I've been lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky in my life to be always
comfortable."

He might have gotten away with skipping taxes had it not been for revelations in
the Boston Herald. Karyn Polito, a Republican state senator running for
treasurer, followed up with a letter to Gov. Deval Patrick, requesting an
investigation.

"Nobody is above the law," she wrote. "In order for the public to have
confidence in the fair administration of our tax system, the law needs to be
applied evenly, without regard to status or position. ... Massachusetts is in
the midst of a financial crisis where deep cuts in services have become
commonplace. The nearly half-million dollars that Senator Kerry potentially owes
the commonwealth can be used to restore cuts to worthwhile programs that provide
health care, shelter and clothing the poor."

Undoubtedly, Sen. Kerry will be able to write a check for a half-million bucks
without being forced to mortgage any of the family's five homes or the $35
million private jet. Just as the exclusive, multimillion-dollar wedding of
Chelsea Clinton the other day - complete with a no-fly zone for security - and
other extravagances enjoyed by the political elite, the Isabel affair
underscores the dizzying distance between ordinary citizens and those who are
supposed to represent them.

John Kerry is not up for re-election for another four years, and by then the
voters are likely to have forgotten the Isabel affair, just as they've forgotten
Chappaquiddick and Monica Lewinsky. And for that, our senior senator should feel
lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.

Robert Z. Nemeth's column appears regularly in the Sunday Telegram.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

INDICTMENT OF TALLAHASSEE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 410 words


The Leon County grand jury asked itself a very important question: Why did
former Florida House Speaker Ray Sansom, R-Destin, slip $6 million into the
budget to build an airplane hangar for Northwest Florida State College?

The grand jury already had decided that the cover story -- the college would use
it to train emergency workers -- was bogus. So, why would Rep. Sansom and former
college President James Richburg finagle the money? The real answer, grand
jurors decided, was to help Jay Odom, a developer, jet service owner and big
donor to Rep. Sansom and the GOP.

So, on Wednesday the grand jury, which had indicted Rep. Sansom for official
misconduct and Mr. Richburg for official misconduct and perjury, indicted Mr.
Odom for official misconduct. How could Mr. Odom, who's not a public official,
be guilty of official misconduct? Simple, the grand jury said: "Jay Alan Odom, a
developer, did unlawfully encourage, assist or advise Raymond Edward Sansom
and/or James Robert Richburg, to actually commit or attempt to commit" official
misconduct by "falsifying" the 2007-08 state budget.

The falsification was pretending that the money was for the college when it was
to house Mr. Odom's jets. Recently released e-mails indicate that Rep. Sansom
knew that Mr. Odom intended to lease the facility from the college. Because Rep.
Sansom had denied knowing of Mr. Odom's intention, the grand jury also charged
him with perjury.

One 2007 e-mail from Richburg to Sansom contains the cryptic reference that "the
project began with us in Port Saint Lucy (sic) on our visit to Senator Pruitt
two years ago." Sen. Ken Pruitt, who has consulted an attorney, remembers the
meeting in "broad context." He says they didn't discuss the $6 million hangar
request but did talk in general about planning for a Homeland Security/Public
Safety facility at Indian River State College. That facility will open this
fall.

The idea of falsifying a budget might perplex a jury. That's another reason why
Florida should adopt an honest services fraud statute similar to the one that
has let federal prosecutors attack corruption in Palm Beach County. House
Majority Leader Adam Hasner, R-Boca Raton, claimed that Rep. Sansom, who helped
Northwest Florida State College get $30million-plus in added or accelerated
money and then took a $110,000 job at the school, was duped by Mr. Richburg.
With Mr. Odom's indictment, the public can better understand why Rep. Sansom has
legal problems.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Cop flop is a criminal waste of time;
LAST NIGHT'S TV

BYLINE: DAVID BELCHER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 553 words


LAW & ORDER: UK ITV1, 9pm

FOLK don't  mess about in Law & Order: UK. Its cast of cops and lawyers mostly
conducted their talking while walking. Probe & Prosecute: OK! Urgent captions
kept reminding us exactly where everyone was on London's streets as they
furthered their criminal investigations, plus the precise date and hour.

After six minutes and 10 seconds of elapsed telly-time, the show's initial case
had reached the 72-hour mark in a run-down block of flats near King's Cross.
Clockwork drama action. Not a moment wasted. No room for a real sense of
humanity. Must be a New York City thing. The show's birthplace. The Big Apple:
city that never sleeps. Busybusy-busy. Pacy. Urgent. And so Law & Order: Special
Victims Unit begat Law & Order: Criminal Intent, which led to Law & Order: Trial
by Jury.

Now we have the franchise's new English outpost. It's a police procedural - and
it's a legal drama, too. 'Tecs probe;

lawyers finagle. Double bang per buck, buddy! There's a French version, too -
but trust those gosh-darned French to buck the system and call their show Paris
Enquetes Criminelles, rather than Loi & Ordre: Fr.

Coincidentally, French was spoken in Law & Order: UK, uttered by erstwhile
Cockney stand-up Bradley Walsh, playing an old-school East End copper, DS Ronnie
Brooks. Bradley's grasp of the Gallic tongue rivalled Dick Van Dyke's mastery of
cockney in Mary Poppins. But, as mangled as it was, it served a dramatic
purpose: to highlight  the fact that Ronnie Brooks might look and sound like one
of the cast of The Bill, but in fact he's different. For one thing, he can speak
unconvincing French. And he moves around faster. In shorter scenes. Which are
filmed to look more glossy than anything you'll ever see in Sun Hill.

Once Brooks's inquiries had been wrapped up in double-pronto time, the case was
placed before the legal eagles of the Crown Prosecution Service. These legal
eagles strode about arguing with each other, agonising about whether they had
enough to convince a jury of the two perps' guilt. Mike Turner and Maureen
Walters - j'accuse! Or maybe that should be "Mike Turner and Maureen Walters -
Emlyn Hughes!" Strangely, you see, the lawyers overlooked the fact that each  of
the accused spoke in a Liverpudlian accent -  usually sufficient to confirm any
televisual  suspect's guilt .

Wur ain Bill Paterson wore red braces in his role as CPS head stickler George
Castle, forever worrying about some nitpicking point of law or other. Bill was
plainly invoking the auld Scots shade of Gordon Jackson's Cowley in The
Professionals. Not a necessary sight. And a criminal waste of Bill Paterson.

More super-capable Scottish thespian talent was squandered, too: Patrick
Malahide's. He fought in vain to give more than one dimension to his pinstriped
defence lawyer smoothie, Ridley. In court, Ridley's smoothness gave way to
snarling as he went after prosecution witnesses without conscience or
compassion. "This is why the rest of Ridley's chambers call him Limbo, "
observed a rueful CPS opponent. "There's nothing he won't stoop to." Ditto, this
show's cliche-bound authors.

Happily, of course, Ridley - and the two Liverpudlians  - were finally undone by
a noble crusading maverick CPS lawyer who was prepared to bend the rules to
serve justice. Law & Order: UK? Limp & Old. Yuck.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PLODDING ... Law & Order: UK.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2009 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 29, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Meisha Bosma, Shedding Inhibitions

BYLINE: Lisa Traiger, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: Style; C05

LENGTH: 462 words


Meisha Bosma is not afraid to let her dancers weep, laugh, gag, twitch or
wriggle in decidedly unattractive ways. Yet for all the gawky poses she finagles
from her young troupe's four women and a quartet of guest dancers, her compact
evening of new and recent work presented Saturday at the Jack Guidone Theater
was surprisingly beautiful and, in many instances, satisfyingly stimulating.

Bosma, a Northern Virginian who has been making headway on the local dance scene
since founding BosmaDance last year, imbues her choreography with a kinetic
muscularity and uninhibited expressiveness. These same qualities were apparent
in the works of three invited choreographers  --  Israelis Amir Kolben and Ofra
Idel-Lipshitz, and D.C. dancer Kelly Bond-Wallis.

The program's weightiest work, "Plural Me," a world premiere commissioned by the
Alexandria Performing Arts Association and crafted by Idel-Lipshitz, a Jerusalem
dancer and choreographer, percolates with emotional intensity and unbridled
physicality. Four women wrestle with shifting identities, one moment smiling and
simpering like models on a runway, the next fraught with turmoil. This is
heart-and-soul-on-the-sleeve choreography, and when Leah Wrobel spouts a Hebrew
monologue of non sequiturs and the women paint each other's faces with false
smiles and tears, the posturing begins to match the turmoil embedded in
compulsive repetitions and aggressive swipes of movement. Idel-Lipshitz draws
deeply from her four dancers both emotionally and physically, yet her demands
never meander into pretense, particularly the near-frenzied solo for Wrobel, who
unrelentingly flings herself asunder.

A pair of brief sketches excerpted from Bosma's "Handle With Care," which will
premiere Sept. 15 and 16 on the Kennedy Center's Millennium Stage, provided a
glimpse into a world that's both heartfelt and somehow off-kilter. Kolben's
"Shadow," danced gamely by Idel-Lipshitz, proved a cipher in its brief passage.
An excerpt from a larger piece, it doesn't work well alone.

For "Somewhere Belgium," Bond-Wallis favors delicacy and introspection. Her
visual design, including a  chain of linked letters dropped around the
circumference of the stage, and her structure, which invites in a doppelganger
--  Brynne Billingsley  --  hint at the strains of separation. While the women
come together to dance, they find a connection. Even so, their splayed arches,
calculated tumbles and wringing hands, punctuated by moments of repose, lend the
work an air of mysterious longing.

BosmaDance stands on the verge of making a solid contribution to the local arts
community with numerous performances scheduled in the coming season, a cadre of
top-flight dancers and an artistic director with a keen eye for fresh work.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 January 1, 2004 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SIMPLIFY EDUCATION SPENDING;
CHANGE WILL NOT BE EASY, BUT PROCESS ISN'T SERVING STUDENTS

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS EDITORIAL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 386 words


On funding K-12 schools, says the governor's top education adviser, "We need to
start from scratch and do a systematic reform of the entire system."

Richard Riordan got that right. California's school funding has a national
reputation as a tangled mess that creates inequities up and down the state, and
that virtually no one understands.

School districts receive significantly different amounts per student based on
formulas that are relics of pre-Proposition 13 taxing levels, or of special
legislative deals they were able to finagle once upon a time.

"Categorical funding," dollars designated for specific programs, has grown to be
a third of overall funding, pushing districts to spend money in ways that might
not be right for them, and creating accounting confusion.

None of this is news to anyone in the education world. What might be news is a
fresh attitude in Sacramento.

A task force, the Quality Education Commission, is on the case. With Riordan
pushing it and with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's support, there may be reason to
hope for change this year, instead of reason to expect another report destined
for the dusty shelf of unread studies.

The goals are simple, although the implementation will not be, because changing
the status quo requires stepping on toes all over the state.

First, the formula for determining how much school districts receive per pupil
should be dramatically simplified, with a basic amount that is then adjusted for
factors that everyone agrees make a school's mission more difficult, such as the
poverty level of its students.

Second, the categorical funds, more than 100 of them, should be collapsed into a
few block grants, that local districts can use as they see fit.

Reform will require the Legislature to swear off its propensity to micromanage
schools. Sacramento should set the standards that schools must meet,
particularly in reading and math, but give local districts the latitude to
educate students as they see fit.

Districts that don't do the job should expect to have someone step in and do it
for them.

Forty percent of the state's general fund is devoted to funding K-12 schools. In
a year in which increasing the amount will be impossible, improving the method
is a great place for the Legislature to devote its attention.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: California: An agenda for reform

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                February 7, 1991

Golf: Sharks attracted by the lure of attractive bait - Dai Davies on the
age-old problem of digging out the sandbaggers

BYLINE: By DAI DAVIES

LENGTH: 507 words


THE WORD is distinctly American but its meaning is known worldwide. Sandbagger
is the word, and it means someone who farms or otherwise finagles his handicap.
In the UK we call them sharks or bandits and every club has one, or maybe more
than one.

Sandbaggers run rife when the money or the Waterford crystal is plentiful, and
the AT and T National Pro-Am, and the tournament which follows it this week, the
Bob Hope Classic Pro-Am, both routinely feature this ugly, unwelcome creature.


The problem is, of course, that within reason a player can have a handicap as
high as he wants. He simply turns in only those cards which reflect badly on his
game and up soars his allowance.

Last year the AT and T pro-am section was won by Dean Spanos, a 39-year-old
Californian, who played off 11. He helped his pro, Hubert Green, by 39 shots in
the team score.

A week later Spanos went to the Hope event and his team won there as well, with
a four-round total of 58 under. Spanos was not at Pebble Beach this year. Bill
Borland, the chairman of the tournament committee, said: 'We just had too many
complaints, so he wasn't invited back.'

Now Golf Digest has taken up the issue. In an article entitled 'Celebrity
Sandbaggers' they asked around about Spanos. Tommy Jacobs, the professional at
one of his clubs, Rancho Santa Fe Farms, said: 'He's a good athlete, tough under
pressure, but I wouldn't call him a sandbagger. If he worked at his game, which
he won't, he could be a strong four or five.'

That highlights the problem. Spanos had a certified handicap of 11, but admits
that around the Hope and the AT and T that: 'I played nearly every day and I had
a chance to practise as well. I was ready.'

The actor Jim Garner knows Spanos well and says: 'He's a nice guy but he goes
into every round with a five- or six-shot edge. His handicap card may say 11 but
in my book he's a five or six.'

That word sandbagger was rolling around the press tent again this year when
Jesse Yohanan, off 18, was 21-under after two rounds with Jay Delsing.

'Hey,' said Yohanan memorably, 'even an egg beater sprays it straight once in a
while. I've been playing this thing for 11 years, always between 17 to 19
handicap. If I was a phoney I'd have won sometime.' Yohanan then began to spray
it all over the place and 21-under after two rounds became 24-under after four,
good for joint 12th.

This year, to general relief, the top amateurs in the AT and T were all good
players, with good handicaps. The winner, with John Cook, was Jack Wagner, a
soap opera star who plays off four, followed by Vinnie Giles, the former Walker
Cupper, who is now off three. No room for sandbagging there.

The whole issue would horrify Bing Crosby, who founded the tournament in 1937 by
inviting a few friends to play. 'Entry fee's three dollars,' he would say, 'and
bring a handicap certificate because we don't want a problem with sandbaggers.'
Now, with the entry fee a thousand times the original, the problem still will
not go away.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

Kaepernick, Roman and Harbaugh: How they re all tied together (and how they re
not) in the 49ers upcoming series of decisions

BYLINE: Tim Kawakami

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1448 words


I guess a lot of people were eagerly awaiting a Jim Harbaugh presser today,
except there never was a press conference scheduled.Due to the Thursday
irregular scheduling, Harbaugh always planned to skip today, tomorrow and Sunday
and speak in his normal Monday slot. If he keeps to that, the anticipation for
Monday will build exponentially, of course....And my guess is Harbaugh will then
walk out on stage, shrug his shoulders and stonewall most questions and openly
wonder why anybody was expecting anything different.Even if the 49ers plan an
offensive shake-up, I would assume that Harbaugh will not let us in on it until
after it's obvious that it happened (say, Greg Roman is no longer in the
coaches' booth or in there but remaining silent when the 49ers are on offense
Sunday in Oakland).--The 49ers' big picture after Thursday's devastating home
loss to Seattle remains crystal clear: owner Jed York and GM Trent Baalke
generally believe that Harbaugh isn't a long-term personality and they don't
want to pay his next mega-deal.So, with a year left on his original five-year
deal, Harbaugh basically was coaching this year in an extended lame-duck
situation--unless Harbaugh wins a Super Bowl, York & Baalke don't think he's
worth the money and the headache.

And Harbaugh can be a big headache.But Harbaugh is a proven winner and who
knows, he might find a way to go 4-0 down the back stretch and finagle a playoff
berth and then who knows what happens then.Even if Harbaugh doesn't manage that,
are York/Baalke sure they'll hire a replacement who is just as good or better?
That's the practical point.I think York and Baalke are pretty far down the road
deciding that they can do better--defensive line coach Jim Tomsula is one of
their favorites--but it's still too early for them to play that card.* Yes, it's
true that York has always regretted that he didn't fire Mike Singletary earlier
in 2010 season--that Tomsula could've gotten them into the 2010 playoffs if he'd
been given more than one game as the interim coach.But whatever York and
Baalke's emotions about Harbaugh now, they do not believe he's as lost as
Singletary was in 2010.They're right. So Harbaugh will remain the coach of this
team at least until the moment they're eliminated from the playoffs, and maybe a
little longer.Then York and Baalke will have to make the call. Again, I think
they're probably already very close to a decision now, but they'll wait on it
for a few weeks.* In the short-term, I think it's not stretching the imagination
to say thatcYork and Baalke may ask Harbaugh to replace or re-assign embattled
offensive coordinator Greg Roman.In fact, that request might have already been
issued a time or two this season and I believe Harbaugh has already resisted
those calls from upper management.I believe Harbaugh will continue to resist the
idea.Point of fact: Unless Harbaugh has changed his mind drastically in the last
few days, Roman is the guy Harbaugh likes calling plays and putting together the
game plan. They worked well together at Stanford, they worked well together
through three seasons with the 49ers, and it's just not like Harbaugh to abandon
a working relationship because things have gone south recently.Harbaugh could've
switched his OC long ago, but never did.Also, who else would call the plays and
install the game plan?We all know Harbaugh makes some play-calls and can do some
offensive game planning. But he likes putting most of the responsibility in
Roman's hands, and then Harbaugh can pick and choose from there.If there is a
move made--or if it's done subtly, without official announcement--I'd guess QB
coach Geep Chryst would be another option--but again, I wouldn't think this is
going to happen right now.If you know Harbaugh, you know he's very much not a
scapegoat guy. And a public removal of Roman now would be the ultimate
scapegoating.It's true that Harbaugh's brother John fired OC Cam
Cameron--somebody he had worked with for years--late in the 2012 season and
replaced him with Jim Caldwell and the Ravens went on to win the Super Bowl that
season.But I just don't see Jim Harbaugh doing that.* The Seahawks D is rough on
any QB, but yes, Kaepernick absolutely looks lost against them. That is a
problem. A gigantic problem--since the 49ers play Seattle at least twice a year
and then maybe again in the playoffs.And it hasn't just been against
Seattle--Kaepernick struggled against Washington last week, against Chicago
earlier this season, against Carolina last season...You can blame whoever you
want, butcI've thought for a while thatcthe Kaepernick we're seeing this year is
just about who he iscand probably who he'll always be.He's not much better or
worse than he was when he first got going in 2012, not in any discernible way,
and he's 27 years old. If Kaepernick hasn't picked up the nuances of the
position yet, after three-plus years under Harbaugh and Roman, then I think you
can wonder if he'll ever do it.I think this is who he is.* For those fretting
about Kaepernick's big contract... remember, only $13M of the supposed "$126M
deal" is guaranteed.Also, Kaepernick has $12M in de-escalators over the life of
the deal that will take it down from that inflated number.Unless he figures a
way to make the Pro Bowl or get to the Super Bowl very quickly, Kaepernick will
not be making $19M per any time soon, if ever.And if he goes on a long
downslide, he is in jeopardy of getting cut every year in March--and losing the
rest of money left on the deal.* If the 49ers made a major error at QB, it was
the decision not to draft a QB in the first three or four rounds of last year's
draft, when as usual Baalke had stockpiled a bunch of picks.In fact I believe
the 49ers at one time planned to take a QB maybe as high as late in the first
round, just to give themselves options beyond Kaepernick.The best QB season
they've had since Steve Young's retirement was in 2012 when Smith started and
played tremendously, had Kaepernick competing with him in the No. 2 spot, and
then Kaepernick was there to step in and then surpass him when Smith got hurt...
and if Kaepernick had ever faltered, the 49ers could've always gone right back
to Smith.THAT was a great QB situation. And it's nothing like that now, because
Blaine Gabbert simply is not an option to play if Kaepernick is healthy.So why
didn't the 49ers take a QB in the last draft? I think they got away from the
idea when the 49ers convinced themselves that Kaepernick was a true superstar,
and I do believe Harbaugh was the main force behind that.They didn't want to
even consider the possibility that Kaepernick needed competition or that they
needed a potential replacement down the road. They just wanted to stand behind
Kaepernick and WISH that he became great.Now that it hasn't happened... and may
never happen... there is nobody behind him to push him or maybe even beat him
out.Here are some of the things they could've done in the draft...--The 49ers
used the 30th pick (2nd round) to take nickel back Jimmie Ward. What if they
took Derek Carr there? (Who went 36th to the Raiders.)--The 49ers used the 57th
pick (2nd round) to take RB Carlos Hyde. Hyde is very valuable as the future
main RB, but the 49ers could've taken QB Jimmy Garoppolo who went 64th to New
England.--Or to go much later, 49ers used the 170th pick (fifth round) on CB
Keith Reaser. Zach Mettenberger went 178th to Tennessee.* Just one last note on
the 49ers' 2014 offensive confusion.I think the 49ers went into last off-season
with this thought: They couldn't reliably beat Seattle or Arizona with a
one-dimensional power offense so Harbaugh and Roman (with Baalke's backing)
decided to open it up for Kaepernick, to get him more receiving weapons, and to
move away from a lot of the multi-tight-end heavy sets and let Kaepernick throw
them to victory as much as possible.Particularly against Seattle and Arizona.I
think the premise was generally correct.But Kaepernick hasn't taken the
necessary steps and now the running game is stalled out--I think the 49ers'
offensive line has declined in performance due to injuries and other factors, I
think Frank Gore has slipped a tiny bit, and I think the decline of Vernon Davis
has really knocked the 49ers offense off-stride.Now, the 49ers are stuck in the
middle: They want to throw and can't throw against tough defenses; when they
want to run, they can't run against tough defenses.The 49ers aren't who they
want to be on offense and now they can't be who they used to be.c

The post Kaepernick, Roman and Harbaugh: How theycre all tied together (and how
theycre not) in the 49ersc upcoming series of decisions appeared first on
Talking Points.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 23, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

THE AJC ANNUAL HOME SALES REPORT: Bargains, amenities to be had in Henry's
buyer's market;
Foreclosures accelerating in Clayton

BYLINE: RUSSELL GRANTHAM

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Clayton / Henry; Pg. 1JI

LENGTH: 525 words


If you have a hankering for hardwood floors and solid counter tops in your new
home, now's the time to get them with little or no bargaining.

Buyers of new houses have been able to finagle those and other features from
increasingly desperate home builders in Henry County, real estate agents say.

Hard times are showing up in a different form in Clayton County: foreclosures.
"For the most part, the listings I'm getting are because of foreclosure," said
Clea McKinney, an agent with Metro Brokers/GMAC Real Estate. She said she
recently had three listings, less than half her usual volume, and two of those
were for homes of families losing them in foreclosures.

"Last year, personally I didn't see any (foreclosures)," she said. "I'm
suffering this year. It's rough."

The number of seriously delinquent mortgages --- those in foreclosure or more
than 90 days past due --- has been rising at an accelerating pace this year.
Statewide, almost 1 percent of mortgages are past due, the highest rate since
1995, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association of America.

So far, such financial distress hasn't been reflected in broader measures of the
Clayton and Henry real estate markets.

Clayton's new house sales rose 1 percent, while the median new home price rose 6
percent, to $125,900.

Sales of existing homes fell 5 percent, and the median price rose 7 percent, to
$93,500, according to data provided by Smart Numbers, a real estate analysis
firm.

In Henry County, new home sales rose 4 percent and the median price rose 8
percent, to $139,550, while existing home sales fell 5 percent and the median
price rose 6 percent, to $113,950.

Kris Cawley, an agent with Harry Norman Realtors' McDonough office, said home
sales had slowed noticeably since June. That's also when builders in Henry
County discovered they still had a lot of unsold homes after expecting a spring
buying rush that didn't materialize, she said.

"This year there's a lot of inventory standing," she said, adding that it's
common for new homes in the $200,000 to $300,000 range to sit on the market four
months to a year, but "the market's been inundated."

Home builders Debra and Claude Nardy have gotten a sales contract on only one
home in Henry County since January. They recently cut 10 percent off the prices
of six completed houses, which previously ranged from $250,000 to $750,000.

"Last year, we were selling everything we had. We didn't cut prices," said Debra
Nardy, who also works as a real estate broker. She said the family business,
Home Team Builders, will lose money on the houses this year if they don't sell
soon.

"The dilemma for us is we still have to keep making those interest payments,"
she said. The Nardys stopped building new homes about two months ago.

Besides slashing prices, some builders are throwing in those extra amenities,
such as solid kitchen counter tops and hardwood floors, on unfinished homes,
said Cawley.

"It's definitely a buyer's market. They can afford to be more choosy," she said.
"The builders are making it very affordable to get the items they want."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Claude Nardy cleans a door in preparation for an open house at one of the homes
he and his wife, Debra, built at Eagle's Landing in Henry County. The Nardys
have seen a decrease in sales this year. / BRANT SANDERLIN / Staff Graphic:
CLAYTON HOME SALES
The median sales price for new and existing homes sold in Clayton County rose 8
percent, to $105,000, from April 2000 through March 2001. Sales volume was down
3 percent, with 5,901 homes sold.
Zip....Sold...Change*...Median price..Change*
30215...178...-22%.... $146,050........5%
30228...490.....8%.....$128,900........6%
30236...659...-16%.....$117,000........4%
30238...997.....2%.... $101,100.......12%
30260...420...-19%......$96,725........8%
30273...521.....6%.....$106,000........8%
30274...925.....5%..... $99,900.......11%
30281.....4....100%.....$86,650......-47%
30288....66......0%.....$78,950.......12%
30294...399......4%... $126,900........4%
30296...288....-33%....$108,250........0%
30297...564....19%......$80,000.......16%
30337.....0...---** ---** ---**
30349...291 -18% $105,000 8%
30354....67 1,017% $103,500 97%
*Periods compared are April 1999 through March 2000
and April 2000 through March 2001.
**No sales in most recent year; figure not available.
Source: Smart Numbers
HENRY HOME SALES
The median sales price for new and existing homes sold in Henry County rose 7
percent, to $127,000, from April 2000 through March 2001. Sales volume was down
less than 1 percent, with 4,906 homes sold.
Zip....Sold...Change*...Median price..Change*
30228...280...-32%.......$100,500......3%
30233....73...92%........ $96,900......6%
30234....16.---**........$128,150..---**
30236....71..-11%........$160,000.....-7%
30248...488...-7%....... $113,900......6%
30252.1,044....8%........$135,750......1%
30253.1,185....3%........$135,500......7%
30273....33...43%....... $125,000......1%
30281.1,443....0%........$123,500......6%
30294...242...-7%........$131,500.....13%
*Periods compared are April 1999 through March 2000
and April 2000 through March 2001.
**No sales in previous year; figure not available.
Source: Smart Numbers Graphic:
ABOUT THIS REPORT
Information for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Annual Home Sales Report was
compiled from sales deeds filed at courthouses in the 20-county metro area of
Barrow, Carroll, Cherokee, Clayton, Cobb, Coweta, Dawson, DeKalb, Douglas,
Fayette, Forsyth, Fulton, Gwinnett, Hall, Henry, Newton, Paulding, Rockdale,
Spalding and Walton.
The data were provided by Steve Palm, an analyst with Smart Numbers, a firm that
tracks trends in the real estate industry. The firm can be reached at
770-424-5128 or www.smart
numbers.com. The data were analyzed by AJC Research and Analysis Editor Diane
Glass.
Figures for new and existing home sales for April 1, 2000, through March 31,
2001, were the basis for the analysis. Condominium and townhouse sales are
included, but mortgage assumptions, refinancings, foreclosures, HUD sales and
lot sales are not included.
ZIP codes with fewer than 75 homes were not included in overall analysis, but
are reported in community edition reports. ZIP codes reflect those in use by the
Postal Service as of July 2001.

TYPE: Special Report

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.

                           September 26, 2004, Sunday

Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn., career column

BYLINE: By Amy Lindgren

LENGTH: 746 words



GHOSTWRITING YOUR OWN RECOMMENDATION: Did you get a letter of recommendation
from your last employer? If not, you're not alone.

This seemingly innocuous document can be surprisingly difficult to finagle.
Judging from job-seeker stories, reasons the letters aren't forthcoming range
from the boss's procrastination to a corporation's paranoia about putting
anything on paper related to an exiting employee.

Of course, another explanation is also possible: Maybe the employer doesn't want
to recommend the dearly departing worker. If your work was below par, you might
not see a glowing letter no matter how fervently you request it.

Your success in receiving a recommendation letter may also depend on how you
leave your job. When it's time to go, do you slink out the door with your head
hung low, or do you look your boss in the eye, thank him or her for the
opportunity, and move forward with grace?

My guess is that slinkers would have less luck getting referrals, while the
confident hand-shakers would seem eminently more recommendable.

To be fair, your style of leaving might be directly related to your reason for
leaving. Being fired tends to result in slinking out the door, while landing a
new, better job gives spring to the step. But what if you're in that great
middle area of people whose jobs are cut, or who are leaving with no job to go
to?

This middle zone is gray in more ways than one. Not only is your reason for
leaving a little murky, but so are the relationships between you and your
superiors. Even if you are a well-loved employee whose job just had to be
eliminated, chances are you and your supervisor are feeling more than a little
uncomfortable around each other.

And if you gave short notice, or had occasional conflicts with one of your
bosses, or needed to leave to preserve your sanity -- let's just say that warmly
complimenting you on paper may not be the first thing on an employer's mind.

Oh well. It's possible that a letter wouldn't have impressed a future employer
anyway. After all, how much stock can be put in a few paragraphs scribbled under
duress for a departing employee?

Actually, that's not the point. The next hiring manager will not expect a
sharply accurate analysis of your work, but that doesn't mean he or she won't be
interested in a letter from your former boss. And, while no one is going to hire
you on the basis of a recommendation letter, seeing several of them in your
portfolio can tip a close race in your favor.

So how can you get your own collection of recommendation letters? If you think
your boss will be too busy to do it, or will feel uncomfortable putting the
words on paper, your best bet is to draft your own letter for him or her to
review, revise and sign. After all, who knows your work better than you do?

At this point, it's best to stop thinking of the letter as one of recommendation
and start thinking of it as a description of your work instead. This will give
you the courage to write it and present it to your boss for signature. Here is
how such a letter might be worded: "To whom it may concern: "Mary Johnson has
worked for me for four years as a marketing supervisor; before that she worked
as a media representative. In the time I have known Mary, I have found her to be
creative, reliable and willing to take on a challenge. [Look over past
performance reviews for help with these descriptions.] "Mary's key tasks as
marketing supervisor were to create the quarterly marketing plan, supervise the
work of three staff, negotiate the services of outside vendors, and work with
other departments internally such as public relations and sales.

"Her main accomplishments while working for me were to revamp the way marketing
plans are done, and to bring several graphics projects in-house, resulting in an
annual savings of $ 30,000.

"If you have questions about Mary's work, please don't hesitate to call me."

Notice how the letter sticks to facts and doesn't add frosting to the cake. If
your boss wants to add something about how your loss will be difficult, that
option is open. And, if not, at least you will have something on letterhead that
describes your work in a straightforward, positive manner.


Amy Lindgren owns a career-consulting firm in St. Paul. She can be reached at
alindgren@prototypecareerservice.com.



-----

To see more of the Pioneer Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.twincities.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SP-CAREER-COL-20040926

JOURNAL-CODE: SP

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2004 Pioneer Press, St. Paul, Minn.


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 15, 2007 Saturday

DEAL OR NO DEAL - ISIAH MULLS TRADE TO FIX KNICKS' ILLS

BYLINE: MARC BERMAN

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 607 words


CHICAGO - While Isiah Thomas announced yesterday it was time to make strategic
changes on defense, there are strong indications the Knicks president/coach is
more desperate to make a trade than finagle with his X's and O's.

Today is a key day in the NBA's trading climate. Contracts of first-round picks
and free-agent summer signings are allowed to be dealt, including rookie Wilson
Chandler's pact.

Thomas made sweeping statements yesterday in which he insinuated some guys on
the club can't play in the manner he wants. The Knicks, 6-15 with the worst
record in the East, faced the Bulls last night.

It would seem truly the time for the Knicks to reignite trade talks for
Sacramento's Ron Artest, who can opt out after next season. With team morale at
its lowest and one of the supposed team leaders, Malik Rose, recently asking to
be placed on the inactive list, obvious wanting a trade, any knock that Artest
would hurt chemistry now is ludicrous.

"I can say that as always if we can improve our team, we will," Thomas said
yesterday, which usually is code phrase for saying the club is active in trade
talks.

When a team is 6-15, nobody is safe and the untouchable tag is clearly off the
embattled Eddy Curry. Unfortunately, Curry's trade value is in the pits. Would
Thomas actually offer him up now for Artest?

It would seem unlikely since during the summer he said David Lee was off limits
and privately told confidants Renaldo Balkman is, too. But Balkman is having a
low impact off the bench, and Thomas pointed that out yesterday in an unusually
harsh assessment of the club.

In fact, Thomas made the admission that he's got to change his defense now to
make up for Curry's shortcomings, with more zone defense on the way and
different help rotations. Curry is an awful pick-and-roll defender and rarely is
able to offer strong help when a guard beats a Knick off the dribble at the
perimeter.

"We'll do some things different strategically," Thomas said. "Not going to
change the lineup. Eddy's struggling a bit now. But I'm confident he'll come out
of it. Shots he's missing and getting, they're great looks. Anytime you get a
shot five feet from basket, consistently, his history is he'll knock those shots
down.

"The defensive side of the ball, we got to help him and we have to do things
better for him. Maybe playing a bit more zone. Helping him out in different
situations. There's some things physically he can't do. My job as a coach is to
find a way to help him to keep him out on the floor," Thomas said.

Privately, Stephon Marbury has wondered if his days are numbered - the incident
in Phoenix may be worrying him. Marbury still hasn't returned to the team but
he's still well in his right in taking time off after his father died. Marbury
missed his third straight game last night and is likely out for the Nets tonight
at the Garden.

Marbury may feel Thomas wants him off the team after telling him he could leave
Phoenix after their dispute. It's been pointed out that other times Thomas has
asked players to leave the team - Penny Hardaway, Shandon Anderson, Dikembe
Mutombo - it doesn't bode well for their future. Their relationship clearly has
been damaged.

But the Knicks have way more problems than Marbury, with Thomas questioning the
roster.

"You always come into the season with an idea on how you want to play," Thomas
said. "And what you think players capable of doing. They may not be capable of
doing some thing I want to do. Strategically I have to do adjust some of the
ways I'm thinking about the game and make sure I get them comfortable enough
where they can play and have great success on the floor."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RISK FACTOR: Despite his troubled past, Sacramento forward Ron Artest
might be the trade Isiah Thomas may need to pull off to save the Knicks' season.
(AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             June 7, 1998, Sunday,

'DAMN YANKEES' HITS A HOMER

SECTION: AUDIENCE, Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 448 words


There's a new high-water mark for local community theater.

It's ''Damn Yankees,'' the venerable Adler & Ross musical currently sparkling
under Janet Ross' inspired direction at Portland Players.

Aging baseball fan Joe Boyd, rooting for the hapless Senators team in mid-'50s
Washington, D.C., strikes a deal with the Devil, Mr. Applegate.

Joe will become a young athlete again, helping his club beat the mighty Yankees,
in return for his soul. But this would-be Faust - a real estate salesman -
finagles an escape clause; if he changes his mind by a certain date, he can
return to his old life.

Though Applegate agrees, he has no intention of keeping the bargain, a scenario
he secures by luring Joe into the clutches of his temptress henchwoman, Lola.
True love, of course, triumphs, with a lot of great songs along the way.

This is the last show of Ross' yearlong tenure as the Players' resident artistic
director, and she will be a tough act to follow.

This production flies, beginning with the first chords from the pit, a quintet
of talented, competent musicians under the leadership of Ross' frequent musical
director, Flash Allen.

In fact, several of Ross' oft-cast performers are here, including John Olore as
Applegate, Kim Liggett as Lola, Susan Tremblay as Gloria Thorpe and Martin
Lescault as Joe Hardy.

But this repertory company delivers the goods, particularly Lescault as the
hero, Hardy. He's earnest and boyish, gangling and sincere, and out of his
gee-whiz face comes a tenor voice of range and clarity.

He partners well with the pert Liggett, who wisely avoids a Gwen Verdon
imitation and makes Lola her own.

Olore is as showy as Applegate requires, but he's never over the top, and his
comic timing hands the jokes to his audience like a deliciously wrapped present.

Tremblay is fun to watch as the wisecracking Gloria Thorpe. Norm Whiteside is
touching as Joe Boyd, and is especially moving in his scenes with sweet Stella
Baumann as his wife, Meg.

As Coach Van Buren, Steve Jones serves up a dandy ''You Gotta Have Heart,'' with
his nimble-footed ballplayers - Tony Correia, Kevin Winfrey, Rodney Mondor,
Shannon Allen, John Blanchette, Gerry Therrien, Scott Powers and Robert
Diamante.

Patrick Dullea's colorful, versatile set and movable pieces keep the scene
changes lively. The color-coordinated costumes are eye-filling.

One of Ross' trademarks is her attention to detail; she micromanages, but it's
the audience that benefits.

On a scale of one to 10, this show is a 30. Directors around the area should see
it and take notes. Maybe all community theater productions can't be this good,
but they should at least try.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Cathy Nelson Price is a free-lance writer who lives in Cape Elizabeth.

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 29, 2009 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

The doc is in;
Documentary film, that is - the Camden International Film Festival

BYLINE: EMILY BURNHAM OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. C5

LENGTH: 1175 words


Going into his fifth year organizing the Camden International Film Festival, Ben
Fowlie has lost none of his enthusiasm for the genre he spotlights over four
days each October: documentary films.

Growing up in Maine, he recalled leafing through magazines and watching nature
programs, marveling at the stories told on the page and on the screen.

"As a kid, I wanted to work for National Geographic. I minored in journalism in
college," said Fowlie, now 28. "I liked things that dealt with reality, rather
than creating a fictional reality. The world is interesting enough on its own."

This year's Camden International Film Festival kicks off on Thursday, Oct. 1,
with a screening of the movie "Convention," and wraps up Sunday, Oct. 4. It
features more than 35 films of varying lengths by filmmakers from all over the
world and from right here in Maine, and covering a vast array of subjects.

Fowlie studied filmmaking at Emerson College in Boston, graduating in 2003.
Shortly after, he decided to eschew the movie industry rat race in Los Angeles
in favor of the slower pace of his home state - a place he'd been itching to get
back to since he left for school.

"I think most people born here have a serious sense of pride for this great
state," said Fowlie. "And I think a lot of people working in the arts, in any
area and especially people my age, are always trying to find a way to finagle
what they're doing to work in their own state. That's always been my goal."

A film festival seemed like a natural decision - especially in Fowlie's hometown
of Camden, which boasts a number of venues for film screenings, as do the
neighboring towns of Rockland and Rockport. For that matter, aside from the
Maine International Film Festival and the Maine Jewish Film Festival, there were
precious few opportunities to celebrate film in Maine - and certainly none that
focused solely on documentaries.

At first, documentaries might have appeared to be a hard sell to Maine
filmgoers. Though the Maine Media Workshops in Rockport and the Salt Institute
for Documentary Studies in Portland have long trained photojournalists and
nonfiction storytellers right here in the Pine Tree State, film audiences don't
generally come out en masse to see documentaries.

"There's still a strange assumption that documentaries are boring, and yet
almost everything I ever see isn't," said Fowlie. "There are these incredible
personal narratives that are told onscreen that are so unique and gripping and
boundary-pushing. They're unlike anything you've ever seen. That's the kind of
stuff we like to show at the festival."

The lineup for the CIFF this year includes premieres of several high-profile
films, which the CIFF has a history of promoting, especially with last year's
world premiere of "The Way We Get By," the film about the Bangor troop greeters
that's garnering Oscar buzz.

These films include "Convention," a feature directed by A.J. Schnack, that
details the events and impact of the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
Another, "Because We Were Born," directed by Jean Pierre Duret, tells the story
of two French teenagers struggling to get by in Brazil. "October Country" is the
story of a turbulent working-class American family, as told by the directors
Michael Palmieri and Donal Mosher. All four of these directors will be on hand
during the festival to discuss their work.

Maine films also get a special spotlight at the CIFF. Iain McCray Martin's film
"Life By Lobster" and Maine International Film Festival hit "The Rivals" will be
screened, as will a number of short films, including "Protecting the Nature of
Maine," "Sketches of an Icon" and "A Day on West Meadow." Up-and-coming Maine
filmmaker Will Hyler will have the world premiere of his film, "The Fish Belong
to the People."

Hyler's father, Walter, went to high school with the principal focus of the
film, lobster fisherman Glen Libby. Libby, a Port Clyde resident, is one of many
fishermen in the area trying to preserve his livelihood while figuring out how
to keep it sustainable - as well as profitable.

"There is such a human struggle occurring with the fishermen," said Hyler, 24,
who was born in Blue Hill and attended film school at Loyola Marymount
University in Los Angeles. "They are the ones who did the overfishing, and now
they are the ones trying to correct the problem, all on their own. They've had a
lot of problems chipping away at them over the years, from market prices
dropping to regulations placed on them. It's a big struggle, and they're taking
it on by themselves."

Hyler shot his movie in just five weeks in August and September of 2008. He did
all his own writing and editing, and his father is credited as producer. The
score was written and performed by the Hynd Family, bluegrass musicians who are
longtime friends of the Hyler family. It's completely Maine-made - and it's one
of many stories ripe for the telling.

"There's no shortage of stories to be told," said Hyler. "The biggest resource
that would help Maine filmmakers out the most is funding. Anyone can buy a
camera and a computer and make their own movie. It's the funding that's the
problem. There are a lot of people out there who are ambitious enough to do it."

For Fowlie, the whole point of the CIFF is to shine a spotlight on both
international films that don't get much attention stateside, as well as Maine
features that would never get a chance to be seen otherwise.

"[Will's film] is a very intense film about a very intense issue that affects a
lot of Mainers," said Fowlie. "It's a tough one to show in Maine, but it's also
really appropriate to show, with the kinds of things we typically have at the
festival. It fits right in. It's all about the story."


Films at the Camden International Film Festival will be screened at the Camden
Opera House and Bayview Street Cinema in Camden and at the Strand Theatre and
the Farnsworth Art Museum in Rockland. For a complete schedule and ticket
information, visit www.camdenfilmfest.org.


Points North Film Forum

New to the Camden International Film Festival this year is the Points North
Documentary Film Forum, scheduled for 2 to 5 p.m. Friday, Oct. 2, at Maine Media
Workshops in Rockport. Free and open to the public, the forum brings together
leading film industry figures, who will give presentations and engage forum
participants in dialogue. Current and aspiring Maine filmmakers will have a
chance to speak with people from the LEF Foundation, the Sundance Documentary
Film Program, the Gucci Tribeca Documentary Fund, the PBS National Program
Service and from HBO Documentary Films - an incredibly rare opportunity for any
filmmaker. A second program will feature a roundtable discussion with
independent film producers, directors, bloggers and consultants about how to
make a living in film. It's an afternoon of ideas and networking that no Maine
filmmaker of any level should pass up. Points North will be held in Maine Media
Workshops' Union Hall on Central Street in Rockport; to RSVP to this free event,
visit www.camdenfilmfest.org/pointsnorth.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           February 12, 2005 Saturday

Rural rallies past Manhattan title

BYLINE: Joey Berlin Capital-Journal

SECTION: F; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 724 words


By Joey Berlin

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

It wasn't the cakewalk that the city swim meet was. But Washburn Rural's boys
again got the job done Friday at the Centennial League meet, adding more
hardware to their impressive season and gaining momentum for next weekend's
state meet.

After trailing early to Manhattan, Rural stormed back, won each of the final
five events and took the Centennial trophy with 455 points, beating Manhattan's
440 at the Capitol Federal Natatorium. Emporia finished third with 311 points.

Was Rural coach Jeff Handley worried after the Blues fell behind? In a word:
"Yes."

"We knew everything had to be perfect," Handley said. "My wife did all the
entries, studied the times, fretted over it big-time and changed things a
million times to see if we can finagle this.

"She really deserves the credit for the entries, and my swimmers just swam
awesome. They swam the best times of their lives."

Rural chipped away at the early Manhattan lead with victories in individual
races from James Ungerer, Chris Conrow and Nick Rockefeller. After Manhattan won
the opening event, the 200 yard medley relay, Ungerer took the 200 freestyle
medal with a time of 1 minute, 51.55 seconds.

In the 200 individual medley, Chris Conrow emerged from a neck-and-neck battle
with Manhattan's Chris Martin and finished in 2:11.07, just .72 ahead of Martin.

Seaman, led by a 100 freestyle victory from Matt Posten, finished fourth with
235 points. Posten's 51.59 time edged Rural's Jeff Hagihara by two-tenths of a
second.

Topeka High, Hayden and Topeka West finished fifth through seventh, with 191,
173 and 130 points. Hayden's Matt McGowan surfaced victorious in both the 50
freestyle, with a time of 22.56, and the 100 fly, which he finished in 56.44.

Posten's victory, coming in the seventh event, marked the last time Rural didn't
occupy the first-place podium. Rockefeller won the 500 freestyle with a time of
4:56.80, then joined Preston Christensen, Conrow and Ungerer in winning the 200
free relay.

The Blues continued their roll in the 100 backstroke, where Ungerer posted a
winning time of 57.36, and in the 100 breaststroke, where Christensen finished
in 1:03.38.

Before the last heat of the final event, the 400-yard freestyle relay,
in-progress scores were announced one last time: Rural had taken the lead over
Manhattan, by a score of 415 to 406.

After a quick celebration, the Blues sealed the deal with the same relay team
that had won the 200 free. The foursome finished in 3:24.44, beating Manhattan's
quartet by seven seconds.

"Haven't won a meet like this before," Handley said. "(It's) just really
awesome, awesome. The kids deserve credit. They're number one."

BOYS CENTENNIAL LEAGUE MEET

Team scores

Washburn Rural 455, Manhattan 440, Emporia 311, Seaman 235, Topeka High 191,
Hayden 173, Topeka West 130, Junction City 101, Highland Park 13.

Individual results

200 medley relay --- 1. Manhattan (Clark, Bruna, Martin, Ja. Schlup), 1:48.38;
2. Washburn Rural (Gunn, Christensen, Smart, Hagihara), 1:50.96; 3. Emporia
(Devenport, McGuire, Peterson, Clark), 1:51.69.

200 freestyle --- 1. Ungerer, WR, 1:51.55; 2. Jim Schlup, Man, 1:58.34; 3.
Powell, TH, 2:02.07.

200 individual medley --- 1. Conrow, WR, 2:11.07; 2. Martin, Man, 2:11.79; 3.
McGuire, Emp, 2:18.82.

50 freestyle --- 1. McGowan, Hay, 22.56; 2. Peterson, Emp, 22.92; 3.
Rockefeller, WR, 22.98.

Diving --- 1. Simser, Man, 426.40; 2. Wilson, Emp, 381.65; 3. Paul, Emp, 380.70.

100 fly --- 1. McGowan, Hay, 56.44; 2. Christensen, WR, 57.41; 3. Conrow, WR,
59.77.

100 freestyle --- 1. Posten, Sea, 51.59; 2. Hagihara, WR, 51.79; 3. Bruna, Man,
52.73.

500 freestyle --- 1. Rockefeller, WR, 4:56.80; 2. Jim Schlup, Man, 5:21.87; 3.
Martin, Man, 5:25.64.

200 freestyle relay --- 1. Washburn Rural (Christensen, Conrow, Ungerer,
Rockefeller), 1:32.63; 2. Emporia (McGuire, Clark, Coburn, Peterson), 1:37.94;
3. Topeka High (Sparks, Powell, Sims, Bonebrake), 1:39.29.

100 backstroke --- 1. Ungerer, WR, 57.36; 2. Clark, Man, 58.72; 3. Sparks, TH,
1:00.64.

100 breaststroke --- 1. Christensen, WR, 1:03.38; 2. Bonebrake, TH, 1:06.36; 3.
McGuire, Emp, 1:08.39.

400 freestyle relay --- 1. Washburn Rural (Conrow, Hagihara, Ungerer,
Rockefeller), 3:24.44; 2. Manhattan (Bruna, Ja. Schlup, Jim Schlup, Martin),
3:31.74; 3. Hayden (Regier, Koehn, Handke, McGowan), 3:47.91.

Rural rallies past Manhattan for title

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 27, 2015 Sunday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

WORLD'S A STAGE

BYLINE: BY JOE DZIEMIANOWICZ THEATER CRITIC

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 589 words


This fall, new Broadway musicals are ready to roll.

And to rock.

Ask Alex Brightman, the exuberant young star of "School of Rock - the Musical."

He plays a slacker booted from his band who finagles his way into a
substitute-teaching job at a stiff prep school.

"When he finds out his students play music," he says, "he teaches the kids how
to let go. He takes lemons and makes rock lemonade."

"School of Rock" (photo above) begins previews begin Nov. 9 at the Winter
Garden. The show features songs from the 2003 hit comedy starring Jack Black and
adds new ones by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Glenn Slater.

"What Andrew Lloyd Webber does best is write songs that immediately become an
earwig," says Brightman, 28. "It's in your head all day long."

Gloria Estefan and her producer/musician husband Emilio are aces at that, too.

"On Your Feet!" (Oct. 5, Marquis), a biomusical with a pulsing beat, tells the
story of their lives, beginning in Cuba. The shows follows them to Miami and
beyond and is seasoned with hits like "Rhythm Is Gonna Get You" and "Conga."

Cuban-American actress Ana Villafane (far r.) and Josh Segarra star. She says
the Estefans' music "is part of my DNA."

"Allegiance" (Oct. 6. Longacre) is the third new musical on the Great White Way.
The story is drawn from "Star Trek"-er George Takei's (r.) childhood and life in
a Japanese internment camp. Lea Salonga, a "Miss Saigon" Tony winner, is also in
this tale of faith and family.

And there's more on deck.

Musical revivals

"Spring Awakening" (opens today, Brooks Atkinson). Deaf West's new version of
Duncan Sheik and Steven Sater's musical features a hearing and nonhearing cast,
including Marlee Matlin and Camryn Manheim.

"The Color Purple" (Nov. 9, Bernard B. Jacobs). Oscar-winner Jennifer Hudson
makes her Broadway debut in this show based on the book by Alice Walker.

"Fiddler on the Roof" (Nov. 12, Broadway). Five-time Tony nominee Danny Burstein
leads the cast of this classic musical about tradition.

New plays

"China Doll" (Oct. 21, Gerald Schoenfeld). Playwright David Mamet and star Al
Pacino are two talents that go great together. This time, Pacino's a
billionaire.

"Misery" (Oct. 22, Broadhurst). Bruce Willis is a writer. Laurie Metcalf is his
(scary) No. 1 fan in this dramatization of the Stephen King thriller.

"King Charles III" (Oct. 10, Music Box). Mike Bartlett imagines a post-Queen
Elizabeth England.

"Therese Raquin" (Oct. 1, Studio 54). This new play drawn from a classic Emile
Zola story stars Keira Knightley.

Play revivals

"The Gin Game" (in previews) James Earl Jones and Cicely Tyson, two Tony-winning
aces, star in D.L. Coburn's Pulitzer-Prize winning play.

"A View from the Bridge" (Oct. 21, Lyceum). Arthur Miller's 60-year-old drama of
desire run amok stars Mark Strong. Dutch director Ivo van Hove puts his unique
stamp on the play.

"Old Times (in previews, American Airlines). Clive Owen headlines Harold
Pinter's 1971 brain-teaser about a man, his wife and a third party.

"Fool for Love" (in previews, Friedman). Tony-winner Nina Arianda and Sam
Rockwell tackle Sam Shepard's tale of two people who can't live with or without
the other.

"Sylvia" (Oct. 2, Cort). Matthew Broderick, Julie White and Annaleigh Ashford
star in the first Broadway revival of A.R. Gurney's 1995 comedy about a man, his
wife and a dog.

Special events

"Lord of the Dance: Dangerous Games" (Nov. 7, Lyric). Creator, director and star
Michael Flatley, the Irish dancer, makes his Broadway debut. It's his swan song
as a performer.

"The Illusionists" (Nov. 19, Neil Simon). More magic.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: [George Takei] [Ana Villafane]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Automotive News
                                 Print Version

                                January 25, 2016

I love to drive, but I can't wait until I don't have to

BYLINE: David Undercoffler; undercoffler@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 18 Vol. 90

LENGTH: 379  words


As a kid - a full decade before he got his own driver's license - my dad could
name the make and model of any car that drove past his house just by the sound.
The year he finally did get his license, he also managed to pull off one of the
most notorious coups in our family's history: talking my "cars are appliances"
grandfather into buying this new two-door model from Ford called a Mustang.

If my old man's enthusiasm was the tinder, access to middle-of-nowhere roads in
upstate New York was the spark that sent me into full-fledged car-nerd status.
Somehow, I was able to finagle a career - indeed, a livelihood - out of driving
cars and writing about them.

The 5-, 10-, 20-year-old versions of me were there every time I felt the pull of
a Bugatti Veyron's acceleration or the ear-stomping roar of a Corvette Z06.

So what do I say when I hear people talk about cars that drive themselves?

I can't wait.

After a decade in Southern California and the drudgery of driving - the biggest
source of stress, anger and danger in my day-to-day life - I'm ready for it all
to be over.

Car pulls up. I get in the back and work, sleep, daydream or play "Fruit Ninja"
while car drives itself. We both arrive safe at destination. Sounds perfect.

I've never understood why most enthusiasts turn into Charlton Heston every time
they hear "self-driving," muttering that the industry can have their manually
driven car only when it's pried from their cold, dead hands.

Driving for fun when you want and letting the car take over aren't mutually
exclusive ideas. We need to stop treating them like they are.

I don't care if you're Mario Andretti or Ed Begley Jr. There's nothing fun about
gridlock on the 405 freeway on a Thursday afternoon. Mercedes-Benz had the right
idea when it showed off that silver jellybean-shaped F 015 concept car at CES
last year: In the 21st century, the ultimate luxury will be time. Any car that
can give that back to me is a blessing.

At the same time, manually driven cars will still exist. Thirty years from now,
rubber-riding escape artists will still be able to fire up their favorite
machine and head out onto the same ribbons of asphalt that give me goose bumps
today.

It's just that getting to those roads will be an inherently safer, easier
premise for everyone.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AN


                      Copyright 2016 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Bridgegate energizes N.J. Democrats. How much trouble for Christie?;
N.J. Democrats, their investigatory zeal renewed by the Bridgegate dirty-tricks
e-mails, are reviving old grievances, including how Chris Christie used federal
relief funds after superstorm Sandy.

BYLINE: Harry Bruinius Staff Writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 871 words


The inner workings of political power are rarely on such vivid display.

It's no secret that, in the blood sport of American politics, incumbents holding
the government's purse strings, or the reigns of its powerful bureaucracies, can
finagle the system to their advantage - ordering a "traffic study" to punish a
political opponent, say.

But now that a cache of e-mails has revealed how allies of New Jersey Gov. Chris
Christie (R), a leading figure in the 2016 GOP presidential sweepstakes, played
a dirty trick on the mayor of Fort Lee for refusing to endorse the wildly
popular governor, the state's once-denuded Democrats are fighting back, trying
to reignite old political grievances and find even more "traffic-study"-styled
tricks that only those holding power can perform.

It's one reason why US Representative Frank Pallone, an ambitious 12-term
Democrat from New Jersey's 6th District, is reviving another controversy from
last summer's campaign: Governor Christie's use of federal relief funds to put
together a $4.7 million national tourism ad, which briefly featured the
governor, even as he was running for reelection.

Democrats are also pointing to more documents released Monday, which show how
Christie aides may have punished other Democratic mayors who rebuffed their
aggressive requests for endorsements.

Last May, members of the governor's staff, including deputy chief of staff
Bridget Kelly, who was fired last week for her role in the George Washington
Bridge payback scheme, courted the Democratic mayor of Jersey City, Steven
Fulop, promising him a "Mayor's Day," a series of meetings with state officials
to see what the governor could do to help the city.

But after booking this day of meetings with some of Christie's commissioners,
the governor's aides immediately cancelled the meetings when they heard Mayor
Fulop would not be endorsing the governor.

"Certainly, that's not the way the governor should be treating the mayor of one
of our largest cities," said Democratic Assemblyman John Wisniewski, who heads
the State Assembly's special committee investigating the GW Bridge payback
scheme, according to NBC News. "You look at this in a totality, you're looking
at essentially an enemies list."

Fulop's name also came up in the e-mails about the bridge's lane closures. As
Christie's staff discussed how to respond to Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich's
calls about the traffic nightmare in his city, David Wildstein, the Port
Authority official who first ordered the closures and resigned in December,
wrote: "Radio silence. His name [Sokolich] comes right after Mayor Fulop," which
Democrats say indicates such an enemies list.

Before last week's revelations, Christie had built a political juggernaut in the
state, leveraging his smash-mouth Jersey image, his pitch-perfect handling of
superstorm Sandy, as well as massive bipartisan support in a landslide victory
last November, to dominate state politics and become the most well-known
Republican governor in the nation - if not the leading presumptive candidate for
the White House.

But his vaunting ambitions and rough-and-tumble political style are now being
put into a new political light.

On Monday, Representative Pallone announced that the inspector general from the
US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) would begin a full audit of
Christie's use of federal funds for Sandy relief. The agency will look into
whether the New Jersey governor improperly used a $25 million grant from the
federal agency to promote state tourism - and at the same time his own political
ambitions.

Last August, Pallone and other Democrats had already complained about the
governor's appearance in the federally funded TV spot, "Stronger Than the
Storm." They charged that the ad, open to competitive bidding, cost $2 million
more than the next highest bid - an ad that didn't propose to feature Christie.
They also complained that the top official on the ad selection committee, a
Christie appointee, had once received a loan from the governor, back when
Christie was the state attorney general.

Even Christie's GOP presidential rival, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, criticized the
New Jersey governor for the TV spot. "Some of these ads, people running for
office put their mug all over these ads while they are in the middle of a
political campaign," Senator Paul said in November at a Senate Homeland Security
Committee hearing reviewing the ongoing recovery from Sandy. "In New Jersey, $25
million was spent on ads that included somebody running for political office."

The HUD audit comes after the US Attorney General announced that he, too, is
looking to see whether the lane closures at the George Washington Bridge
violated any laws.

Responding to Pallone's announcement on Monday, Christie's office said the
"Stronger Than the Storm" campaign was approved by the Obama administration.

"Federal agency reviews are routine and standard operating procedure with all
federally allocated resources to ensure that funds are distributed fairly," the
governor's office told CNN in a statement. "We're confident that any review will
show that the ads were a key part in helping New Jersey get back on its feet
after being struck by the worst storm in state history."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

Bill in Oregon cracks down on construction industry's artful dodgers

BYLINE: Tom Henderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 687  words


Some construction contractors could lose their licenses and their livelihoods if
House Bill 2540 were to pass, state Rep. Paul Holvey, D-Eugene, said.

That's good, he added.

The bill would crack down on contractors who finagle their payrolls so they (or
their workers) can avoid alimony, child support, wage garnishments and similar
obligations.

The problem is more common than people think, said Bradley Cook, who owns
Huckleberry Fence and Deck Co. in Eugene.

"This is an epidemic that is going on out there, and no one knows about it, and
contractors are chalking it up as a cost of doing business," he testified before
the House Business and Labor Committee during a public hearing on Friday.

Holvey's bill would give the Construction Contractors Board the power to revoke,
suspend or refuse to renew the licenses of contractors evading - or helping
others evade - their legal obligations.

"It's very difficult to get a handle on this particular arena," Holvey said.

Contractors sometimes pay people in cash, he said, so that workers don't have
bank accounts that ex-spouses and other creditors can siphon. This harms the
workers too, he added, because people paid in cash often are paid less.

"Someone may correct me on this, but as far as I know, it's not illegal to pay
in cash," Holvey said. "It is illegal not to pay your taxes. It's also illegal
to ... dodge these sorts of obligations. "

There are other ways people dodge their creditors, particularly for child
support, Cook testified. He recalled an instance a few years ago when, desperate
for a qualified construction worker, he found an extremely experienced applicant
through Oregon's Preferred Worker Program.

The program matches employers with qualified Oregon workers who have permanent
disabilities from on-the-job injuries.

"We couldn't believe someone with this wealth of experience would drop into our
laps," Cook said.

It turns out there was a reason the man was so experienced. He switched
construction companies multiple times a year, each time asking his employer to
report on child support deductions only once a quarter.

Once the report was made, the worker would move on.

"Before you're exposed to these angles, you can't imagine the lengths people
will go to cheat the system," Cook said.

Holvey said it boggles the mind.

"There's been a lot of things I have heard about and actually seen in the
construction world," he said.

The bill also elaborates on the definition of "construction debt" to include
unpaid wages. Holvey said this is a vitally needed change in statute.  The
current law provides a nasty loophole for unscrupulous contractors, he added.

"The CCB has the ability to put restrictions on licensees if they're not paying
their debts, but right now, the CCB can't refuse to provide them a license even
when they have a history of not paying their workers," Holvey said.

Craig Smith, administrator of the contractors board, said CCB officials are
officially neutral on the bill. However, he said, his agency has an intense
interest in being able to hold unethical contractors accountable for their
actions.

"The cost of complying with state regulations is significant (for contractors),"
he said. "Contractors need a level playing field. "

State Rep. Jim Weidner, R-Yamhill, asked if the bill could enable the CCB to
pull the licenses of contractors who hired undocumented immigrants.

"That may already be included in the language of the bill relating to state and
federal income tax laws," Holvey responded. "I can't really speak to whether or
not this bill would cover that scenario. It may or may not. I don't know. "

Holvey said the bill boils down to basic justice.

"When we have a habitual lawbreaker, we ought to be able to say you're not a
contractor anymore," he said.

BILL STATUS: After closing the public hearing, committee members took no further
action on House Bill 2540. Next, during a work session, the bill will be killed,
referred to another committee or sent to the House floor for a vote.

<a href="http://www.djcoregon.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday

Retailers, Wish You Were Here! Love, Lowell

BYLINE: By Tom Spoth, tspoth@lowellsun.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 618 words


LOWELL -- City officials will soon flood selected retailers with postcards from
residents, urging the companies to consider locating in the Mill City.

The city is soliciting six stores: The Gap, Newbury Comics, Finagle a Bagel, the
small Boston-area chain Economy Hardware, the Boston grocery Foodie's Urban
Market, and a fair-trade craft store called Ten Thousand Villages.

Officials picked the retailers based on which stores were most likely to attract
shoppers to downtown, using information gathered at the city's recent "downtown
summit" meetings, said economic development director Theresa Park.

Five hundred glossy postcards were printed for each business. The cards show the
companies' storefronts superimposed onto downtown Lowell locations, in front of
sidewalks populated with consumers. The city's recently revived slogan, "There's
a Lot to Like About Lowell," runs across the top of the card; below is a message
urging the company to add another likable store to the mix.

About a month ago, the city strategically placed the missives in residential
buildings downtown. Residents were asked to fill in their name and address on
the back of the card, which they then placed in a collection box. The city has
since gathered hundreds of the cards for each business and will soon mail them
in bulk, Park said.

"If these companies can hear directly from the purchasing power, the ones who
have the income, that would help them in their decision-making process," Park
said. "We're hoping to really pack a punch."

The city plans to follow up by contacting the retailers directly.

Kathleen Marcin, president of the Lowell Downtown Neighborhood Association, said
she's aware of the postcards but hasn't heard too many people talking about
them. There's definitely an appetite to bring mid-size or large chain stores to
Lowell, Marcin said, but she was skeptical of the postcard movement.

"Residents feel it's a bit unrealistic to expect a Gap or a major chain store at
this point in time," Marcin said.

Park said city officials tried to be practical. For instance, the popular
grocery Trader Joe's was not targeted because downtown Lowell doesn't meet the
company's requirements, even though residents have repeatedly expressed a desire
to have the store in town.

Downtown businesses would likely welcome a well-known store into the fold, given
recent complaints about anemic foot traffic and a persistently high number of
vacant storefronts.

"I think every city needs to have a mix of brand names and independent
retailers," said George Villaras, president of the Downtown Lowell Business
Association. "I think the postcard campaign is a good initiative."

Asked whether a large clothing or record store might eat into the profits of
existing businesses, Villaras pointed out that independent coffee shops such as
the Coffee Mill and Brew'd Awakening Coffeehaus have found customers even though
they compete with Dunkin' Donuts.

Park is unsure of how successful the new measure will be -- to her knowledge,
it's never been done before. But with hundreds of cards already completed and
ready to mail for each company, she thinks it will make an impact.

"I certainly think it will turn some heads at those stores," Park said. "I'm
optimistic we could land at least one, and hopefully more."

The postcard initiative cost only a few thousand dollars, Park said, a small
fraction of the money expected to be spent on improvements downtown. City
Manager Bernard Lynch pledged at last month's summit to plunge roughly $3
million to $4 million into the effort.

Some short-term improvements are already underway, including landscaping on a
Central Street traffic island and improvements to the city's "gateway signage,"
Park said.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: City officials are using these postcards to attract big-name retailers
to downtown Lowell. SUN/ Amanda-Beth Potter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 12, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Also Playing A star ({ssta ...

SECTION: Weekend; T40

LENGTH: 5603 words


Also Playing

A star ({sstar}) denotes a movie recommended by our critics.

{sstar} AKEELAH AND THE BEE

Akeelah Anderson (Keke Palmer) is smart, but her reward is the ridicule of her
South L.A. schoolmates. When she turns in another perfect spelling test, her
principal suggests she enter the district spelling bee. Observing all this is
Joshua Larabee (Laurence Fishburne), who cuts a mythic figure as the Teacher Who
Changed Everything. This funny, affecting tale pays homage not just to one young
person's determination and character but to all those parents, teachers and
guardian angels who instill in young people the love of language  --  and with
it, the love of learning itself. (PG, 112 minutes) Contains some profanity. Area
theaters.

--  Ann Hornaday

AMERICAN DREAMZ

The sophomorically liberal agenda is unmistakable from the get-go in this
tediously facile satire. To drive up the poll numbers of conservative President
Staton (Dennis Quaid), his svengalian chief of staff (Willem Dafoe) finagles a
guest spot for the president as a judge on "American Dreamz," the country's
popular TV amateur talent show, run by snotty Brit Martin Tweed (Hugh Grant).
Quaid's halting-doofus shtick doesn't even reach one-dimensional, and Dafoe is
so mean-spiritedly drawn, he's almost painful to watch. Grant's spin on
"American Idol" judge Simon Cowell is blunt, obvious and  --  worse  --  never
funny. (PG-13, 107 minutes) Contains profanity and sexual references. AMC
Courthouse, AMC Loews Shirlington and University Mall Theatres.

--  Desson Thomson

AN AMERICAN HAUNTING

In Tennessee in the 1800s, a ghost is said to have traumatized a certain John
Bell and his family, and his death was attributed to the harassment. This movie,
based on those supposedly real events, tries to exude the scary B-movie ethos of
films like "Night of the Living Dead" and "The Blair Witch Project," going for
those herky-jerky camera movements. But it fails to evoke that
whoa-did-this-really-happen edge, and that shaky camera feels contrived. You're
not sure whether the characters are running from a ghost or a deranged cameraman
who keeps bursting into people's homes and yelling, "I'm a ghost with a camera!
Whoooo!" (PG-13, 83 minutes) Contains terror sequences and adult themes. Area
theaters.

--  D.T.

THE BENCHWARMERS

This movie turns out to be a somewhat muddled but occasionally amusing
cautionary tale about the evils of bullying. David Spade, Rob Schneider and Jon
("Napoleon Dynamite") Heder play three adult losers  --  burned by childhood
taunts  --  in Southern California who decide to challenge various bully-loaded
Little League teams to games. Except, of course, they're not all losers; and the
movie itself sacrifices much force when it turns out that Schenider's character
is an elite athlete whose talents are so refined he can strike out nearly every
hitter and hit a homer every at-bat. The movie's more peculiar conceit is a kind
of tournament in which the three adult men play various squads of children. What
on Earth do the filmmakers think that proves? It doesn't make much sense and the
booger and poop jokes get gross fast, but it's not quite horrible. (PG, 90
minutes) Contains offensive jokes. AMC Columbia, AMC Potomac Mills and Regal
Fairfax Towncenter.

--  Stephen Hunter

{sstar} BRICK

Our hero of sorts is Brendan (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a high schooler who's still
holding a candle for Emily, his dead ex-girlfriend. His self-appointed mission:
to infiltrate the underworld of his fellow students and find out who's
responsible for her death. It's not just the quest that matters here, it's the
seriocomic way Brendan gets there. Writer-director Rian Johnson knows how to
fuse the amusing and the edgy, and, in Brendan, he has created an endearing
character. Even as you struggle to keep up with its speedy chatter and
multi-character complexity, the movie is always entertaining. (R, 110 minutes)
Contains violence and drug use. Landmark's E Street Cinema.

--  D.T.

CRAZY LIKE A FOX

This movie, filmed in Virginia's hunt country, stars British actor Roger Rees as
Nat Banks, who is forced to sell his family's once-grand farm. Enter Will
Sherman, a developer who buys the land in a malodorous deal. Addled and
betrayed, Nat sets out to exact revenge in a story drenched in Lost Cause
romance, recrimination, pitchfork federalism and that problematic notion known
as "heritage." Nat goes off the rails, taking the movie with him. By the time it
reaches its bizarre climax, which gives the term "wrecking ball" new meaning,
all we're asked to care about is Old Money vs. New. (PG-13, 98 minutes) Contains
brief strong profanity. Regal Manassas and AMC Loews Georgetown.

--  A.H.

CURIOUS GEORGE

In this animated movie, the man with the yellow hat, voiced by the pipsqueaky
pipes of Will Ferrell, is a complete goof. He's given a name  --  Ted   --  and
a back story (he's a museum guide). The plot involves poor, dim Ted being
dispatched to Africa, where we meet George, to come up with an "attraction" so
fabulous it will save the clearly for-profit Bloomsberry Museum. For a while
George the icon, a little, furry ball of adorable cuteness, is quite amusing.
It's the old kind of cartoon, drawn in the open, friendly style of H.A. Rey, the
books' illustrator, nuanced simplicity at the approximate level of a fine New
Yorker cartoon. But that nuance is nowhere in this version. It's pretty
elementary. (G, 77 minutes) Contains no offensive imagery. Arlington Cinema 'N'
Drafthouse and University Mall Theatres.

--  S.H.

{sstar} FAILURE TO LAUNCH

This movie is one of the best American films in months and the best comedy since
I don't know when. Matthew McConaughey plays a 35-year-old boy-man who still
lives with his parents. They hire Sarah Jessica Parker, a specialist in emptying
nests, to get him to fall in love with her and move out. On this simple, sturdy
frame, the writers work all kinds of comic riffs. The movie is so swift and
sure, you can say: It achieves liftoff. (PG-13, 97 minutes) Contains sexual
innuendo and brief nudity. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

FRIENDS WITH MONEY

It is the great irony of this movie that the character toiling in obscurity as a
maid is played by an actress  --  Jennifer Aniston  --  who probably makes more
moola than her three cast mates  --  Frances McDormand, Catherine Keener and
Joan Cusack  --  combined. Guess that's why they call it acting. And therein
lies the problem: You can't shake the feeling that the actresses are doing just
that  --  acting. It's most likely thanks to the limp script, a middling look at
midlife angst among three friends with money and husbands, and one friend who
has neither. Nothing much happens here, and even less is resolved. (R, 88
minutes) Contains language, some sexual content and brief drug use. Area
theaters.

--  Teresa Wiltz

HARD CANDY

This movie opens with an e-mail exchange between Lensman319 and Thongrrrl14.
He's a photographer, he tells her; she mentions frequently that she's 14, but
she also seems to be seducing him. When they meet, Jeff (Patrick Wilson) is as
amiable as an apparent pedophile can be. And Hayley (Ellen Page) is no innocent.
It's hard to know which character to root for, given the disconcerting
vibrations from both. Though this film believes pedophiles should be killed and
buried in an unmarked grave, its only purpose is exploitative. It's nothing more
than an unabashed lurk-and-dread fest. (R, 99 minutes) Contains profanity,
violence and aberrant sexual content involving a teenager. Landmark's E Street
Cinema.

--  D.T.

{sstar} HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE

This is probably the most engaging Potter film of the series thus far. Our
central character, Hogwarts student Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is possibly
more intimidated by girls than by dragons. Wizardry is hard. And there are no
spells to help negotiate the terrors of adolescence. If only he had time to
figure this stuff out. And there's hardly a peaceful moment at Hogwarts. For
instance, Harry just got drafted, mysteriously, into the international Triwizard
Tournament. As if that wasn't enough, a large skull-and-snake apparition has
appeared in the skies, a signal that the evil Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) has
returned. Readers of the J.K. Rowling novels may be disappointed that many
details from the book have been altered or omitted. But as long as those readers
appreciate large-scale action and smaller-scale interaction, they'll be happy.
(PG-13, 160 minutes) Contains fantasy violence and frightening images. National
Air & Space Museum (Dulles) and National Museum of Natural History.

--  D.T.

HOOT

Teen Roy Eberhardt (Logan Lerman) and his on-the-move parents have just moved to
Florida. Once again, he must adapt to a new school, which means avoiding bully
Dana Matherson (Eric Phillips) and Beatrice (Brie Larson), who makes no secret
of her dislike for him. But he manages to befriend her and learns that she and
her stepbrother, Mullet Fingers (Cody Linley), are plotting against a developer
building a pancake house atop an owl nest. Does Roy want to join them? Although
Lerman shows life as Roy, he's an anomaly in a sea of insipidity. This movie may
be warm and fuzzy with its adorable owls and triumphant kids, but its forced
humor is unlikely to amuse anyone but the very young  --  and the extremely
forgiving. (PG, 105 minutes) Contains mild bullying and some profanity. Area
theaters.

--  D.T.

ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN

This sequel stays largely with the odd selection of creatures that dominated the
2002 hit  --  a sloth named Sid (voice of John Leguizamo), a mammoth named Manny
(Ray Romano) and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (Denis Leary). The plot
follows as the happy creatures realize that the snow's getting softer, the days
longer, the sun hotter. They begin a migration toward the end of the valley,
where a huge felled tree will serve as a kind of ark substitute and let them
ride out the ensuing flood. The animation is first-rate, but the story needs to
catch up to the magic. (PG, 89 minutes) Contains intense innuendo of world's end
and mild language. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

{sstar} INSIDE MAN

A deft, tense, pure thriller, this movie has great star turns and is brilliantly
directed by Spike Lee. One morning, a Wall Street bank is taken over by heavily
armed robbers. Cops quickly gather, headed by Detective Keith Frazier (Denzel
Washington). But just when you think the movie's going to settle down to "Dog
Day Afternoon II," it mutates weirdly (the first of several times) with the
arrival of Jodie Foster, whose job is to make certain no one discovers what's in
a certain safe deposit box. The movie is full of attractive people, smart
dialogue, surprises and final satisfaction. Some movies are too clever by half,
but most are not clever enough by nine-tenths; Lee's new film gets the recipe
just right. (R, 129 minutes) Contains profanity, psychological intensity and a
scene of extreme violence. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

KINKY BOOTS

Chiwetel Ejiofor is Simon, a cross-dressing cabaret performer. He is getting
older and doesn't know what to do with his life. But he's only half of the
formula. The other is Charlie (Joel Edgerton), who has inherited a shoe factory,
where business is terrible. He needs a miracle. In the kind of contrivance you
could find only in a movie like this, Charlie saves Simon from a beating.
Simon's urbane world is pitted against Charlie's culture of working-class
values; bigotry squares off with tolerance and so on. Though Ejiofor is
charismatic, he never transcends the movie's pandering agenda. (PG-13, 107
minutes) Contains sexual themes and profanity. Cinema Arts Theatre and AMC Loews
Dupont.

--  D.T.

LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN

Josh Hartnett plays Slevin, a guy who shows up in a buddy's New York apartment,
which is the wrong place at exactly the wrong time. Two gangstas arrive, beat
him up and haul him before The Boss (Morgan Freeman), who insists that Slevin is
Nick, the actual renter of the apartment. And since Nick owes him money, Slevin
must either pay it back or earn his way out by performing a service: a murder.
The movie has a jaunty, even merry tone for something so blood-soaked. But
there's too much death, it comes too quickly, it has no moral import, and it
becomes ultimately meaningless. (R, 110 minutes) Contains violence and
profanity. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

{sstar} MAGNIFICENT DESOLATION: WALKING ON THE MOON 3D

The next best thing to going to the moon? Rocketing up there on the Imax screen
sporting 3-D eyewear. Narrated by Tom Hanks (also a producer), this
gee-wonderful, virtual visit to the arid orb uses ingenious technical sleight of
hand to  --  let's face it  --  fake it beautifully. To create the sensation
that we are bounding like gravity-free lambs on the lunar surface with Neil
Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, director Mark Cowen and crew have culled authentic
footage from various kinds of stock  --  16mm, 35 mm and TV Kinescope video  --
and blown them up into the 70 mm Imax format. Then, using a combination of
computer-generated imagery and live-action reenactments, they've created the
illusion we're taking that giant leap for mankind. (Unrated, 41 minutes)
Contains nothing objectionable. National Air and Space Museum (downtown).

--   D.T.

{sstar} MARILYN HOTCHKISS' BALLROOM DANCING & CHARM SCHOOL

This movie has a clunky title but an elegant concept: that the fantasy of the
fresh start is attainable for all of us. Yes, this is another one of those
movies about finding your own soul, and perhaps a soul mate, on the dance floor.
But this movie demonstrates that the same old construct can be made thrillingly
fresh with the right components. In fact, it does other power-of-dance movies
one better by playing down the dancing and underscoring what its brethren often
lack: a compelling, wrenching and wonderfully inspiring story. (PG-13, 103
minutes) Contains mature themes and mild profanity. AMC Loews Shirlington.

--  Sarah Kaufman

{sstar} MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE III

The problem with the first two "Mission: Impossible" movies was that they should
have been called "Mission: Highly Probable." Too often the action came down to
Tom Cruise's character, Ethan Hunt, troubleshooting a computer system or
dangling from a guy wire. The wires are still there in this sequel, but director
J.J. Abrams makes an impressive feature debut with the best installment yet.
Ethan, after taking a hiatus, is pulled back into active service when one of his
proteges is captured by an international bad-things dealer. Cruise is at his
scowling/smiling best as he jumps, shoots and leaves. Best is Philip Seymour
Hoffman as the baddie. (PG-13, 126 minutes) Contains intense sequences of
violence, disturbing images and brief sensuality. Area theaters.

--  A.H.

{sstar} MOUNTAIN PATROL: KEKEXILI

This film opens with a brutal scene establishing the story's high stakes: A herd
of Tibetan antelope is gunned down. Moments later the hunters discover a member
of the Mountain Patrol, which seeks to capture and fine the poachers. After they
shoot the patrolman with the same dispassion they have for their four-legged
quarry, the patrol's leader, Ri Tai (Duo Bujie), embarks on a mission not only
to save the antelope but to exact revenge. The movie, filmed with a combination
of edgy, hand-held realism and classical grandeur, is breathtaking and
extraordinary on many levels, not the least of which is how it subverts so many
assumptions. (Unrated, 90 minutes) Contains violence and brief profanity. In
Mandarin and Tibetan with English subtitles. Landmark's E Street Cinema.

--  A.H.

MRS. PALFREY AT THE CLAREMONT

Intelligent, compassionate Mrs. Palfrey (Joan Plowright) moves into a retirement
hotel in London to fill out her days. First issue: the zany cohabitants. Oh,
they're a wacky crew, and it's all expectable, all enjoyable. Then the wrinkle.
Lonely Mrs. Palfrey meets a young man. No, no sex, they're British. Instead the
beautiful writer Ludovic Meyer (Rupert Friend) is her soul mate. One can easily
see where the film is going, and that's where it goes. The joy is the pleasure
it provides. Not deep but much fun, it gives Plowright possibly her best role.
She's the biggest thing in a pretty small movie. (Unrated, 108 minutes) Contains
nothing objectionable. Landmark's Bethesda Row, Cinema Arts Theatre and the
Avalon.

--  S.H.

{sstar} LA MUJER DE MI HERMANO

Those who think of Mexicans as workers slithering insect-like across our borders
would be well advised to visit this cool psychological drama, which takes place
in quite another Mexico and is populated by quite a different breed of Mexicans.
From afar, Zoe (Barbara Mori) and Ignacio (Christian Meier) appear to have it
all. Enter brother Gonzalo (Manolo Cardona), who lives off Ignacio and lusts
after Zoe. The movie is paced like a thriller, building to a murder that never
happens, exciting passions that are never unleashed, waiting for a crime to
occur. The only crimes, however, are of the heart. This movie knows exactly what
it's doing, and does exactly what it intends, without making one false move. (R,
89 minutes) Contains sexuality and language. In Spanish with subtitles. Laurel
Cinema.

--  S.H.

MUNICH

Steven Spielberg's new film focuses on a small Israeli killing team tasked with
hunting and destroying the Palestinian Black September planners of the Munich
massacre of 1972  --  in which 11 members of the Israeli Olympic team were held
hostage and killed  --  across Europe and the Middle East in the fall and winter
of that year. The team seeks, finds, plans, kills, flees; and then it begins
again. The names are supplied by Israeli intelligence; the team members take it
on faith that they are serving justice, not vengeance, but the doubt begins to
wear on them. Killing, like it or not, is an important issue. So give the movie
credit for its rigor in facing this depressing problem. But in a somewhat crude
attempt to impose a suspenseful structure, the narrative memories of the Munich
massacre are inserted throughout. It seems almost disrespectful to weave in a
provocative re-creation of the killings  --  somehow a massacre of unarmed
innocents that shocked the world should be more than just fodder for ginning up
the tension at the end of a commercial movie. (R, 140 minutes) Contains intense
violence and sexual content. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse.

--  S.H.

NIGHT WATCH

This Russian film is a swiftly moving plunge into a world populated by vampires,
seers, shape-shifters and spellbinders. It is an adaptation of the cult science
fiction-fantasy novel of the same name, and like all sci-fi fantasies, is full
of tiresome exposition and convenient loopholes. But director Timur Bekmambetov
handles these narrative bumps with ease, infusing even the goriest of horror
movie cliches with equal parts macabre fascination and jaunty humor. (R, 116
minutes) Contains violence, disturbing images and profanity. In Russian with
subtitles. AFI Silver Theatre.

--  A.H.

THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE

This film is about the pinup queen of the '50s and the showing and the selling
of female flesh, and it doesn't seem to think it's such a terrible idea. The
film, with Gretchen Mol in the title role, makes the point that no one
brutalized Bettie into shedding her threads; she did it because she wanted to
and because it expressed her. She magically blows color into the movie whenever
she doffs her duds. But it's too bad her story isn't more dramatic; the only
desperate moments the movie can conjure are on the day she almost had to testify
before the Kefauver Commission. (R, 91 minutes) Contains nudity (occasionally
full-frontal), sexual content and some profanity. Avalon and Landmark's E Street
Cinema.

--  S.H.

PHAT GIRLZ

This movie, a consciousness-raising comedy starring the generously built
Mo'Nique, is admittedly cheesy, but it's still likable. Mo'Nique plays Jazmin
Biltmore, a plus-size department store clerk who longs to be a fashion designer.
While on vacation with her best friend and super-hot cousin, she meets Tunde
(Jimmy Jean-Louis), a yummy doctor from Nigeria. It turns out that in Tunde's
culture Jazmin's size is considered, as she puts it, "sexy and succulent." The
movie isn't great, nor even very good, but it turns some tables badly in need of
upending. (PG-13, 99 minutes) Contains sexual content and profanity, including
some crude sexual references. AMC Magic Johnson and AMC Rivertowne.

--  A.H.

THE PROMISE

This is said to be the most expensive movie shot in China. It is full of kung fu
gymnastics, magical landscapes, billowing robes and weird hats. Princess
Qingcheng (Cecilia Cheung) falls in love with Gen. Guangming (Hiroyuki Sanada),
who saves her life, but the chap who is actually responsible was his slave
Kunlun (Dong-Gun Jang), who, wearing the general's armor and mask, simply obeyed
his orders. The movie is full of random invasions, assassination attempts and
escapes, the result being completely chaotic without any meaningful connection
to the hearts and minds of the audience. (PG-13, 102 minutes) Contains stylized
violence and sexual innuendos. In Mandarin with subtitles. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

{sstar} ROVING MARS

This is a briskly moving, deeply engaging 40-minute documentary about the 2003
expedition during which two robots were deployed on Mars, and it manages to
present scientific inquiry as an emotional journey, during which two exquisitely
designed machines go from being gears and hinges to the embodiment of our best
hopes and dreams. Although there are plenty of miraculous visual images, most of
the film has to do with months of work by 4,000 scientists to get the rovers  --
named Spirit and Opportunity  --  into space. Indeed, a good three-quarters of
the film takes place right here on Earth, in the gleaming, white-and-gold lab at
the Kennedy Space Center where the robots were perfected, and finally at
Pasadena's California Institute of Technology, where tense scientists are seen
waiting for their "babies" to land safely on Mars. Watching as Spirit unfolds
her solar panels is like witnessing a birth, and in its final, mind-bending few
minutes, the film ends on a suitable note of triumphalism and wonder. (G, 40
minutes) Contains nothing objectionable. National Air and Space Museums
(downtown and Dulles).

--  A.H.

RV

Robin Williams is Bob Munro, who has canceled his Hawaii vacation so he can
complete a presentation for his boss. He decides to take the family to the
Rockies, by RV, figuring he can get the work done behind his wife's back and
still give the family a bonding holiday. Although Williams peppers his screen
time with trademark jokes, the real "comedy" occurs as he tries to navigate the
RV and keep a step ahead of the Gornickes, a terminally cheery family from
Texas. Will Bob get that presentation done? Will the family bond? And which one
of these levers do you push to send the RV careering off the mountain? (PG, 98
minutes) Contains crude humor, sexual innuendo and profanity. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

SCARY MOVIE 4

This movie may be a No. 4 in official sequence, but it's actually a No. 2 in
pedigree. That's because the first two films were made by the Wayans, the genius
family. But by No. 3, the Wayans DNA had vanished and the direction moved to
Jerry Zucker, who basically rumbles and bumbles all over the place here, dipping
into this movie or that movie when it amuses him. Combining disparate story
lines, of course, leads to unavoidable stupidity. But the movie is funny enough
to turn the hands on your watch much more quickly than you can believe. (PG-13,
83 minutes) Contains gross humor, sexual innuendo and comic violence. Area
theaters.

--  S.H.

THE SENTINEL

Michael Douglas is Special Agent Pete Garrison with a special agent problem:
He's smooching Sarah Ballentine (Kim Basinger), who just happens to be first
lady. When he receives incriminating photos of the two of them, he realizes he's
being blackmailed. Worse, he learns that there may be a conspiracy to
assassinate the president and that someone's trying to frame him as the perp.
The movie is a medium-dumb thriller that starts out with momentary promise but
gets progressively sillier, sinking into a pit of conspiracy cliches. (PG-13,
105 minutes) Contains profanity, intense action and some suggested sexuality.
Area theaters.

--  D.T.

THE SHAGGY DOG

This movie is a pointless remake of the 1959 Disney classic. Tim Allen plays
Dave Douglas, a Type-A careerist and dog-hater who, through a series of mishaps
too ridiculous and tiresome to describe, is injected with the blood of a
300-year-old dog and turns into the pooch of the title. He discovers that he may
not be a bad dog but that he has been a terrible husband and father. The movie
is a nasty, unappealing Allen vehicle, whose comedy chiefly derives from stupid
stunts. (PG, 99 minutes) Contains mild rude humor. University Mall Theatres.

--  A.H.

SILENT HILL

So this mom named Rose (Radha Mitchell) and her husband (Sean Bean) are looking
for their daughter Sharon (Jodelle Ferland). They stumble into a foreboding
place called Silent Hill where all manner of weirdos emerge to thwart them. Game
fans will appreciate the film's cool monsterish creations, but the movie never
turns the video-game parareality into compelling film drama. It just seems like
a tedious search for a really strange girl. The dialogue consists almost
entirely of Rose saying, "Sharon? Sharon? Sharon?" You feel like calling out, "I
don't think she's hearing you, lady." In the end, this isn't a drama, just
someone's weird and really boring day. (R, 127 minutes) Contains violence, gore
and profanity. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

STICK IT

This gal gymnastics fable sets itself up along standard lines: Canadian actress
Missy Peregrym plays an elite gymnast who marched out of a major competition,
costing everyone a gold medal. A few years later she's a mountain-bike punk in
Texas, when she runs afoul of the law and is sentenced to gymnastics camp as
juvie detention center! There, she is broken Parris Island-style, then
reassembles herself into a champion. But instead of gold-medal-winning,
last-minute heroics, the movie weirdly becomes about the scandal of arbitrary
gymnastics judges. It veers into fresh territory but not dramatically satisfying
territory. (PG-13, 103 minutes) Contains crude language. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

TAKE THE LEAD

This movie is based on the true story of Pierre Dulaine, a professional dancer
who started a ballroom-dance program in New York City elementary schools. The
success of the endeavor was chronicled in last year's charming documentary "Mad
Hot Ballroom." This is the Hollywood version, with Antonio Banderas as Dulaine.
The movie tries to present a realistic view of the brutal lives and few options
of inner-city teenagers, but it's long on flashy dance sequences and short on
depth, character and craft. The whole thing feels too phony. (PG-13, 108
minutes) Contains adults themes, profanity and some violence. Regal Rockville,
AMC Hoffman Center and Regal Ballston Common.

--  S.K.

THANK YOU FOR SMOKING

As a lobbyist for the tobacco industry, Nick Naylor (Aaron Eckhart) realizes
that disingenuousness is a moral survival strategy: Don't think of cigarettes as
a health hazard, Nick says, consider them a symbol of America's right to choose.
Watching Nick get away with murder is the wicked fun of this adaptation of
Christopher Buckley's 1994 novel. But as a satire on Tobacco Inc.'s ability to
market carbon monoxide as the elixir of life, this movie should be packing more
nicotine. (R, 92 minutes) Contains profanity and some sexual content. Area
theaters.

--  D.T.

TRANSAMERICA

As Bree Osbourne, a preoperative male-to-female transsexual, Felicity Huffman
dives down the rabbit hole as a woman playing a man acting like a woman, pulling
the challenge off with skill, aplomb and deep compassion. Bree  --  who was born
and raised as a Stanley  --  is on the verge of a long-awaited operation to
finalize a process that began long ago, when she first had an inkling that her
inner gender didn't fit her outer one. Her plan is foiled, however, by a collect
phone call from a juvenile correctional facility in Manhattan; it seems that a
brief liaison as Stanley several years ago resulted in the birth of a son. His
name is Toby (Kevin Zegers), and he needs to be bailed out. Bree travels to New
York and helps him, which sends the two main characters down colorful byways and
into whimsical situations, with a healthy dose of self-discovery and healing at
the end. Although it features some good performances, the film's forced
wackiness winds up putting viewers off rather than giving them a truly intimate
view of an unknown world. (R, 103 minutes) Contains sexual content, profanity,
drug use and nudity. Arlington Cinema 'N' Drafthouse .

--  A.H.

{sstar} TSOTSI

This South African movie, which won Best Foreign Language Film at the Oscars, is
a mixture of thrilling documentary-style realism and Hollywood hokum. It follows
Tsotsi (Presley Chweneyagae), a thug. His life takes an unexpected turn when he
steals a BMW with a 3-month-old baby in the back. As Tsotsi, Chweneyagae turns
his face into a living battle mask  --  curved and molded into smooth
ruthlessness. But as the story unfolds, his mask begins to crack, and his
humanity begins to flow through. (R, 94 minutes) Contains violence, profanity,
depictions of animal cruelty. In the South African dialect of Tsotsitaal with
English subtitles. Landmark's Bethesda Row and P&G Old Greenbelt.

--  D.T.

{sstar} UNITED 93

Why anyone would want to revisit the dreadful day of Sept. 11, 2001, is beyond
this particular critic. But those who find meaning and catharsis by watching
reenactments on the big screen will be well rewarded by Paul Greengrass's taut
thriller that, minute by agonizing minute, follows the only plane not to reach
its target, the passengers having overtaken the aircraft in an act of collective
heroism. Greengrass avoids politics altogether, focusing instead on the
tick-tock of how reality slowly dawned on an improbably gorgeous late summer
morning. This may be the best movie I ever hated. (R, 111 minutes) Contains
profanity and intense sequences of terror and violence. Area theaters.

--  A.H.

{sstar} WATER

Set in 1930s India, this is something rare in the world of movies: an artistic
muckraker. The subject is "widow wastage," the tradition in which a widow is
consigned to an ashram. Just such a thing occurs when Chuyia (magically
portrayed by Sarala) is left at an ashram by her embittered father. But Chuyia,
a child bride of 8, is peculiarly resilient; with her energy, curiosity and
optimism, she soon has the whole place in a clamor. The movie sometimes veers
toward the bathetic as some of the fates that befall the women seem manipulated
for maximum horror and outrage, but it is superb and strange at once, a discreet
and self-disciplined attack dog of a movie. (PG-13, 117 minutes) Contains
implied sexual situations. In Hindi with subtitles. Area theaters.

--  S.H.

WHEN DO WE EAT?

This abrasive Passover comedy-drama is extremely difficult to sit through. Daddy
is Ira Stuckman (Michael Lerner), remarried to evergreen beauty Peggy (Lesley
Ann Warren). On the feast of Passover, everyone will come home, all ugliness
will be deployed, all angers expressed, all deceits unearthed. But drug-taking
son Zeke (Ben Feldman) slips ecstasy into dad's heartburn med, and the mean old
guy has a hallucinatory breakdown there at the dinner table  --  not that anyone
notices, because everyone is too busy taking potshots at one another. The movie
tries to be "funny" in an outrageous way, but it hasn't the artistry to make you
care. (R, 86 minutes) Contains sexual innuendo, drug usage, abuse and profanity.
Avalon.

--  S.H.

THE WILD

Samson the lion (voiced by Kiefer Sutherland) has just regaled his cub son, Ryan
(Greg Cipes), with another tale of his brave exploits in the wild, before he was
captured and put in the zoo. Feeling inadequate, Ryan slips into a storage
container that appears bound for the real wilderness. He changes his mind, but
he's on his way. When Samson hears Ryan's cries, he recruits his zoo pals to
give chase, and their rescue mission takes them across the seas. The adult jokes
in this movie are welcome, but the too-cool-for-school humor carries on
incessantly, relentlessly, as if the scriptwriters were paid by the gag. (G, 85
minutes) Contains a joke or two about flatulence. Area theaters.

--  D.T.

WILD SAFARI 3D

Untrue to its name, this Imax tour of some of the most beautiful parks and game
preserves in South Africa is pretty tame, harmless but surprisingly thrill-free.
It takes viewers on a photographic hunt for Africa's "Big Five." And filmmaker
Ben Stassen bags his elephants, lions, leopards, rhinos and cape buffalo, along
with a few zebras, giraffes and sundry antelopes thrown in for good measure.
Still, the 3D that "Wild Safari" was filmed in proves to be more of a
distraction than a benefit in a movie that, while photographed with the same
amazing detail and intimacy that has made "March of the Penguins" such a hit,
never reaches out to grab viewers, literally or figuratively. (Unrated, 45
minutes) Contains a very brief shot of animals doing what comes natural and
brief carcass eating. National Museum of Natural History.

--  A.H.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 8, 2008 Friday

Kirby: For LDS, misery precedes the miracle

BYLINE: Robert Kirby Tribune columnist

SECTION: KIRBY; LDS; Columnists; Religion; Features

LENGTH: 472 words


While trekking in Wyoming last week, I came across a roster of the Willie-Martin
handcart company. Listed among the participants in the 1856 disaster are Hannah
and Marie Kirby.

Cool. Being related would really jack up my PQ, or Pioneer Quotient. Otherwise
I'm still squarely among the 2 percent of all Mormons in the world who have yet
to finagle an ancestral tie to a handcart pioneer.

Few things are more important to a socially conscious Mormon than a high PQ.
Crossing the plains is our version of voyaging on the Mayflower. The longer your
bloodline has been in Utah, the higher your PQ and the more church cred you
have.

For example, say your ancestor arrived in the Salt Lake valley with Brigham
Young. That's nice but still only an average PQ. Thanks to polygamy, lots of
Mormons are related to the original pioneers.

But assume that same ancestor poked along and didn't arrive in the valley until
1865. If you can prove he was starving, covered in tar and crickets, and wearing
anvils for shoes, your PQ is irrelevant because your SAT (Suffering Along the
Trail) score is through the roof.

True, it would be better if you were related to a member of the Mormon Battalion
or someone imprisoned for polygamy, but that's the beauty of genealogy - dig
hard and creatively enough and you can probably find it.

My wife has a lousy PQ. She's the first of her family to journey to Zion, and
then it was by airplane. But we've determined that the flight was bumpy and she
had a migraine, so her SAT score isn't a complete zero.

Conversely, I have a room-temperature PQ. My family came in 1863. But they
walked here, so my SAT score is in the upper 50 percentile. With a little
genealogical research, I could probably dig up a wolf bite or a crop failure to
help out.

That's right, you can get extra credit. Connect your ancestor to a contact with
a well-known historical person and see your church stock rise.

If Porter Rockwell shot your great-grandma by accident, you still have something
to brag about. If J. Golden Kimball personally told your ancestor a joke, your
PQ goes up. And if your ancestor didn't like the joke (or even just didn't get
it) - that can boost your SAT score.

You won't find a people more concerned with their family trees than Mormons.
Nothing makes us prouder of our ancestors than the horrible things that happened
to them, including stuff that was entirely their own fault.

Ancestral hardship is important to Mormons because it "proves" the truthfulness
of our theology. No one would go through all that if it weren't true, right?

Be careful with that.

It's OK to be proud of your ancestors. I'm proud of mine. They went through a
lot to get me here. I sometimes wonder if they wondered if it was worth it.

One thing is certain. Even if misery helps improve faith, I doubt it's
genetically inherited.

rkirby@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Kirby

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 30, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK;
THE I.R.S. IMAGE PROBLEM

BYLINE: By Sydney H. Scanberg

SECTION: Section 1; Page 23, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 761 words


A couple of weeks ago, I wrote a

column about a problem I had

with the Internal Revenue Service and my frustration over not being able to find
any I.R.S. humans to deal with - only computers that print out threatening
letters and form postcards bearing machine signatures of officials no taxpayer
has ever seen or talked to. Apparently this frustration is widespread, because
the mail from readers has poured in, telling me I'm not alone and to hang in
there. The I.R.S. sure has an image problem.

The people who responded said they understood my plight because they all had
suffered similar or worse experiences. Cumulatively, their letters suggest a
systemic malaise at the I.R.S., an attitude by employees that the taxpayer is
guilty until proven innocent and a disdain for the energy and time that people
spend trying to respond in detail to flawed computer dunning letters.

None of my letters came from high- rollers, just average people. And while
there's no doubt that a lot of average citizens cut corners and finagle on tax
returns, the I.R.S. isn't going to reduce this problem and raise the level of
voluntary compliance through a policy of treating everyone like crooks. If you
insult people, they're going to dig in their heels and insult you back.

The gripes I have received have the ring of truth, so I offer a few here as
examples.

A woman from Rockville Centre who believes she is being wrongly dunned for a
$500 payment she has already made wrote about spending months on the phone and
writing letters trying to get the matter resolved. Finally she was told to go in
person to the I.R.S. office in Mineola.

''Taking time off from work,'' she relates, ''and after driving around Mineola
one rainy morning trying to find a parking spot, I told my story to a nice lady
who shrugged her shoulders and apologized for not being able to help me, as the
computer was down. 'Come back in a day or two,' she advised.'' This woman went
back to Mineola as directed, but got no satisfaction. The examiner there,
instead of dealing with the year in question, found an entirely different
supposed deficiency for an entirely different year. The woman went home, scoured
her records and sent the documentation to the regional office in Holtsville.
Crossing her letter in the mail was another I.R.S. threat, with more penalties
and interest tacked on to the original sum. Then she got a machine-signed form
postcard, saying the whole matter was on hold ''since we are currently
experiencing a processing delay and a conversion of our computer system.'' And
that's where it stands.  A couple from Manhasset wrote to say that last month
they received one of those computer threats from the I.R.S. - ''a staggering and
complicated accusation, charging us twice for a pension payment, and altering a
medical deduction for which they said they were crediting us but actually added
to the total. The total is, as I said, staggering - $2,108, of which $412 is
interest. Being wimps and cowards and elderly, we instinctively paid, and asked
for a refund. To date, the response has been NOTHING.'' A man from Larchmont
said that the chief of the White Plains office had told him, ''Our policy is not
to apologize for errors.'' And an accountant from Forest Hills said: ''For a
number of years I had been an Internal Revenue agent, so I know your problem is
not unique. The I.R.S. computer is not the only culprit. The public is also up
against the robot mentality of the clerks who operate the machines.'' Another
person who responded was John Mobyed, the regional director of the I.R.S.'s
Problem Resolution Office - a kind of ombudsman branch inside the agency. He
said the Problem Resolution Program, established in 1977, was trying to change
the image of the I.R.S. by helping taxpayers cut through the red tape and
frustration in badly tangled cases. He asked if I would explain the role of his
office in a future column and I asked him to send me some materials. When they
arrive, it's likely I'll write more on this issue.  Meanwhile, I think it's fair
to say that there aren't enough of these ombudsman offices in the I.R.S. to cope
with the mess that exists now. It can't take months and months of work for a
taxpayer to get the I.R.S. to correct an error or locate a check it has
misplaced.  Maybe it's also fair to say that, beyond its other attitude and
efficiency problems, the I.R.S. is understaffed. But to take this out on the
taxpayer through tough-guy threats and scare tactics is to invite disrespect for
the law and for paying taxes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 27, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FOR A HAPPIER LIFE WITH THE COMPUTER

BYLINE: By VICTORIA BALFOUR

SECTION: Section 12; Special Section Page 24; Page 24, Column 1; Carreers
Supplement Desk

LENGTH: 1045 words


"'I've got computer elbow," proudly reported a friend whose office r ecently put
in its first word processor. He's proud because he's l earned to use the
machine, and learned to finagle lots of time on i t. But his elbow does hurt,
and maybe the pain is related to his c omputer use.

Designers of computers keep boldly going where no man has gone before, and
sometimes they forget that the person who's going to go there after them - and
stay at the computer work station for hours at a stretch - is still the original
flesh-and-blood model, subject to cricks in the neck, fatigue and frustration.

Enter the ergonomist - an engineer/ psychologist or psychologist/engineer whose
job is never to forget the human factor in computer-human systems. The name is
derived from the Greek words for work, ergon, and natural law, nomos: ergo,
ergonomics, which has come to mean the study of designing products based on the
way people think and move, so that the user of the product can work safely,
efficiently and comfortably.

In the case of computers, that means, for example, designing glarereducing
hoods, operator controls for brightness, screen units that can be adjusted to
produce a comfortable sightline for operators of varying heights and detachable
keyboards whose coiled cords allow them to be positioned for the convenience of
the operator - including on a lap.

Currently 7,000 people in the United States in and out of the computer field
have such careers. Where do they work?  According to Edmond Israelski, a
district manager for human resources at the American Telephone and Telegraph
Company who has been in the field for a number of years, ''Almost anyone who
designs products that have some complexity has ergonomics experts working for
him.''

Companies with ergonomics experts on their staffs include the International
Business Machines Corporation, which has what it calls human-factors divisions
in each of its 10 developmental labs around the world; Bell Systems, which
employs more than 300 people at Bell Laboratories; Eastman Kodak; furniture
makers, and toy makers. There are even human-factors consulting companies that
study ergonomics problems in the office.

Since the late 1970's interest in ergonomics has grown, especially in the area
of computers, largely because an increasing number of offices have become
automated - the so-called offices of the future.  ''As more and more jobs are at
computer terminals,'' Mr. Israelski said, ''we are going to have to do a lot of
research on how to make it safe and easy for people to use them.''
PAUL GREEN is one person involved in such work. A member of the H uman Factors
Group at the University of Michigan Transportation R esearch Institute, he has
seen ''an increasing amount of emphasis o n the area of human-computer
systems.''

For example, Mr. Green said, membership in the Human Factors Society, a
professional organization founded in 1957 and now claiming some 3,500 members,
has suddenly jumped to a growth rate of 15 percent a year - five times the
normal rate. Mr. Green sees room for even more growth in this field.

''In the past,'' he said, ''the human-factors people have taken a back seat in
this area. Engineers were building computers thinking that people knew as much
as they did. They were taking a basic set of circuits and chips and building a
computer around that. Today we're trying to get manufacturers to build hardware
and software that satisfies human requirements first.''

It was after observing just how much can go wrong when human capabilities are
not considered in equipment design that Mr. Green thought about a career in
ergonomics. As an engineering student in the late 1960's, he worked with a team
of engineers in a naval shipyard. ''One of the problems we were brought in to
solve involved some steam-driven ships that had blown up and killed a lot of
people,'' Mr. Green said. ''We discovered that the sailors had been working in
fire rooms where the temperature got as high as 140 degrees Fahrenheit. When
they had to perform an emergency action quickly, they were so exhausted from
being in that environment that they couldn't do it. We realized that ignoring
the human element had costly effects.''

To insure efficiency and reduce hazards, an ergonomist studies the equipment and
tools used by people, their working environment and the psychological,
physiological and anatomical aspects of the person himself. In the area of
human-computer systems, many ergonomics experts have reduced such problems as
eyestrain, fatigue and general discomfort by adjusting furniture and office
lighting and improving the quality of video screens.

In a yearlong experiment at I.B.M. in Yorktown Heights, N.Y., John Gould, a
research staff member, and his human-factors team brought in 24 people and had
them proofread material for two days: the first day at a terminal, the next day
the same material on paper. The team, which measured the work progress and
comfort level of each person at the end of each hour, found that the fatigue
level at the end of the day for most people was about the same, whether they
worked at the machine or on paper.
ACCORDING to the Human Factors Society, most human-factors programs at
universities are offered u nder the auspices of psychology and engineering
departments, and m ore than half of today's students enrolled in these programs
are c oming out of engineering departments.

In addition to the computer industry, job prospects elsewhere for ergonomics
specialists are the brightest they have been since the first human-factors teams
were hired during World War II by defense industries to redesign cockpits and
consoles. In American industry today, Mr. Israelski said, ''almost anyone who
designs products with some complexity have human-factors experts working for
them.''
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Victoria Balfour is a freelance writer who sticks to typing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawings

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

Sailing by on a lot of luck

BYLINE: Robert Z. Nemeth

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 883 words


COLUMN: ROBERT Z. NEMETH

Based on personal experiences and his record, I've never had much respect for
John Kerry. I've known him to be pompous, manipulative and a less than truthful
poseur. I voted for his opponent in every election and was alarmed at the
prospect of him becoming president of the United States. So I was not overly
surprised upon learning that he might have attempted to dodge state taxes on his
76-foot, $7 million luxury yacht. But I felt disgust.

I would be disgusted even if he hadn't been caught trying to finagle
Massachusetts out of about a half-million dollars by keeping his floating dream
boat in Rhode Island, a state that repealed sales tax on boats to make the Ocean
State a haven for tax-skirting luxury yacht owners.

I reject class warfare and believe in the free enterprise system that rewards
people for accomplishment. But I'm sickened by the thought of my senior senator,
a public servant, spending $7 million on a boat with "Edwardian-style, glossy
varnished teak interior, two VIP main cabins and a pilothouse fitted with a wet
bar and cold wine storage."

The arrogant display of such a sybaritic lifestyle in the midst of a historic
recession is unforgivable.

The late Ted Kennedy was an avid sailor all his life, but was content with a
relatively modest boat that he kept in Hyannis. His successor, Scott Brown, is
noted for driving a pickup truck and wearing a barn jacket. Most of John Kerry's
constituents don't make $7 million in a lifetime of hard work. That amount of
money could have saved dozens of state services that were cut back due to a
budget crunch.

The fact that the money comes from Mr. Kerry's wife, ketchup queen Teresa Heinz,
is irrelevant. She is often portrayed as a philanthropist, which she should be
in view of a half-billion-dollar fortune inherited from her first husband. Her
charitable contributions could have been enhanced by the seven million bucks
splurged on the floating toy called Isabel. (As the story goes, that is the name
Mrs. Kerry would have chosen had she had a girl instead of three boys.)

It was said Isabel is owned by a corporation in Pittsburgh, where company
headquarters are. Is that a potential shelter for the annual excise tax of
$70,000 owed to Massachusetts?

It was said the yacht is based at the Newport Shipyard for long-term maintenance
and charter purposes. Does that mean the Kerrys are now in the rental business,
and anyone with a pile of cash can have Isabel for a vacation, complete with the
VIP cabins, crew quarters and wet bar?

A Kerry aide told reporters the boat was built in Massachusetts. Actually, it
was built in New Zealand, and Mr. Kerry was seen there in December, inspecting
the work in progress. He was also seen on the vessel in Massachusetts, which
makes him liable for a 6.25 percent sales tax, payable to the commonwealth.

There were other discrepancies and obfuscations.

First, the senator tried to shift the responsibility. "We haven't taken full
delivery yet," he said. Then he said he will pay, "if I owed taxes." Later he
modified his position, announcing he will pay the $500,000 "whether owed or
not." Next, he insisted he always intended to pay taxes, even though, he noted,
"legally I'm not compelled." He referred to himself in the third person: "If you
guys think that John Kerry doesn't have enough sense ..."

He said he ordered the boat when the economy was still robust, but "there's no
way we would have signed a contract" after recession set in. (It all sounds
familiar. Remember when he was against the war in Iraq until he was for it?) He
made no apology for flaunting his wealth. "Well, wealth is measured in different
ways," he mused. "I've been lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky in my life to be always
comfortable."

He might have gotten away with skipping taxes had it not been for revelations in
the Boston Herald. Karyn Polito, a Republican state senator running for
treasurer, followed up with a letter to Gov. Deval Patrick, requesting an
investigation.

"Nobody is above the law," she wrote. "In order for the public to have
confidence in the fair administration of our tax system, the law needs to be
applied evenly, without regard to status or position. ... Massachusetts is in
the midst of a financial crisis where deep cuts in services have become
commonplace. The nearly half-million dollars that Senator Kerry potentially owes
the commonwealth can be used to restore cuts to worthwhile programs that provide
health care, shelter and clothing the poor."

Undoubtedly, Sen. Kerry will be able to write a check for a half-million bucks
without being forced to mortgage any of the family's five homes or the $35
million private jet. Just as the exclusive, multimillion-dollar wedding of
Chelsea Clinton the other day - complete with a no-fly zone for security - and
other extravagances enjoyed by the political elite, the Isabel affair
underscores the dizzying distance between ordinary citizens and those who are
supposed to represent them.

John Kerry is not up for re-election for another four years, and by then the
voters are likely to have forgotten the Isabel affair, just as they've forgotten
Chappaquiddick and Monica Lewinsky. And for that, our senior senator should feel
lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.

Robert Z. Nemeth's column appears regularly in the Sunday Telegram.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Based on personal experiences and his record, I've never had much
respect for John Kerry. I've known him to be pompous, manipulative and a less
than truthful poseur. I voted for his opponent in every election and was alarmed
at the prospect of him becoming president of the United States. So I was not
overly surprised upon learning that he might have attempted to dodge state taxes
on his 76-foot, $7 million luxury yacht. But I felt disgust.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Theater;
'HOW TO SUCCEED': BACK AND A SUCCESS

BYLINE: By HASKEL FRANKEL

SECTION: Section 11; Connecticut; Page 20, Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1034 words


IN 1952, Shepard Mead, a vice president of the advertising agency Benton and
Bowles, published a 148-page spoof titled, ''How to Succeed in Business Without
Really Trying, or the Dastard's Guide to Fame and Fortune.'' It became a
best-seller that the team of Jack Weinstock and Willie Gilbert turned into a
comedy. The musicalproducing team of Feuer and Martin saw the play as a mu sical
and brought i n Abe Burrows to collaborate on the book and Frank Loesser to wr
ite the music and lyrics. The musical opened on Broadwayin 1961, capt ured both
the New York Drama Critics Circle Award and the Pulitzer Prize, and ran for
1,418 performances.

Thanks to the Darien Dinner Theater, this biting satire on American business is
now visible again. Dennis Cole and Robert Johanson (he also plays the male lead)
have directed a knockout revival of the show. It begins with a young window
washer, Finch, on a scaffold outside the windows of the Worldwide Wicket Company
reading a book on how to succeed in business. Finch quickly unzips his coveralls
and steps out in a business suit, starts out in W.W.C.'s mailroom and finagles
his way up the executive ladder to the very top in record time in a show that
keeps rubbing the audience's collective nose in the American dream of financial
success as the key to happiness. Everything from coffee breaks to college songs
to the male attitude that secretaries are executive playthings is spoofed along
the way.

''How to Succeed'' is a show to enjoy rather than to get emotionally involved
in, since Finch is more antihero than hero. It is difficult to cheer for Finch
because you know he's going to make it, no matter how many angles he has to work
or bodies he has to climb over. As for Rosemary, the young lady who loves him,
if one thinks about her, she is really not much better. She wants a successful
husband and a home in New Rochelle, and she is willing to put up with anything
to get it via Finch.

Robert Johanson, blond and boyish, plays Finch, and while I could not agree with
his attempt to make Finch likeable rather than the evil, scheming child Robert
Morse presented in the Broadway original, he was an acceptable lead. Allan
Jones, who will forever live in memory as the man who first sang ''The Donkey
Serenade'' in the film ''The Firefly,'' plays Mr. Biggley, the head of Worldwide
Wicket, and he is excellent. Mr. Jones, now gray-haired, is still slim and
attractive. His Biggley is somewhere between a fool and a lecher, and Mr. Jones
acts him well. In his two singing opportunities Allan Jones proves that his
voice is still strong and good.

As Rosemary, Marianne Challis is continuously proving that dinner theaters can
be good training grounds for talent. I first saw her in a revival of ''Babes in
Arms'' at the Goodspeed Opera House and didn't care for her. Since then I have
seen her in shows at several dinner theaters and she gets better and better. Her
Rosemary is so well played that one doesn't worry about what she will end up
with if she gets Finch.

Other fine performers in the cast include Lulu Downs, a heavyish woman with a
happy face and a good voice as Smitty, one of the women in the office; Jo Ann
Cunningham as Miss Jones, the very cold and proper secretary to Mr. Biggley, who
ends up tearing at her clothes from the top of a desk during the rousing and
frenzied ''Brotherhood of Man'' number; Kim Morgan, a manic little blond office
worker who periodically pops up to tap her brains out; Larry Grey as the
scheming Bud Frump, nephew to Mr. Biggley, and John Remme, who plays two
characters. Mr. Remme is all mouse as Mr. Twimble, head of the mailroom. Then,
in the last act, he pops on a hairpiece and becomes Wolly Womper, chairman of
the board. Mr. Remme is hilarious as both men.

And this brings us to Frank Loesser and the score for ''How to Succeed in
Business.'' There isn't a bad number in the show. Yet the closest the score
comes to a recognizable hit is ''Brotherhood of Man,'' and perhaps Finch's love
song to himself, ''I Believe in You.'' Mr. Loesser, who spewed out hit after hit
in earlier shows - ''Where's Charle y?'', ''Guys and Dolls'' and ''Most Happy
Fella'' - has sacrificed them here to melodies that are fine but subordinated to
brilliant, biting lyrics that demand liste ning.

What to me is perhaps the most interesting thing about Frank Loesser is that his
work is not recognizable from show to show. There are songs by the likes of
Stephen Sondheim or Cole Porter that one can hear for the first time and guess
the authorship. But to me that does not seem the case with Frank Loesser. He
wrote for each show in terms of what it needed. In ''How to Succeed,'' I suspect
he decided that he was working with satirical ideas advanced by greedy people,
and he poured of his talent in creating them in terms of music and lyrics. His
work for the show is a total success, highly hummable and good fun. There are no
individual hits, but rather a score that is a total hit and a great factor in
the success of the show.

Why more theaters do not stage, ''How to Succeed'' is a mystery to me. For that
matter, it is equally surprising that Broadway, which seems nostalgic for all
its past musical hits, has not mounted a major revival of this Pulitzer
Prize-winner. Well, Broadway's loss is Darien's gain. Add better roast beef than
other dinner theaters around and the Darien Dinner Theater is a very good buy.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
''How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying,'' book by Abe Burrows, Jack
Weinstock and Willie Gilbert; music and lyrics by Frank Loesser. Dari en Dinner
Theater, 65 Tokeneke Road, Darien. Through Nov. 15. Box office: 655-7667.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Robert Johanson with other cast members photo
of Allan Jones

TYPE: review

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday
                                  WEB Edition

Hinkie's next move? Ah, the possibilities

BYLINE: By Bob Ford; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Sixers; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 786 words


The NBA draft takes place Thursday night and, for fans of the 76ers, it arrives
with equal parts excitement and trepidation. Riding along with the Sixers on
their twisting journey is like getting into a taxi driven by someone in no hurry
to arrive at the destination, and with an unusual choice of route.

Gleaming highways are bypassed in order to take roads still under construction.
Train crossings are crested without a glance up the tracks. And each sharp,
unexpected turn slams the passengers around until they are dizzy.

The third draft under general manager Sam Hinkie will have its own surprises, no
doubt, but it will be hard-pressed to match the first two. In 2013, Hinkie
traded starting point guard Jrue Holiday and came away on draft night with
Nerlens Noel, Michael Carter-Williams and a first-round pick. Last year, he got
Joel Embiid with the third pick and used that extra first-rounder to finagle a
trade with Orlando that landed Dario Saric and yet another future first-round
pick.

That three of those four acquisitions didn't play a minute of their first
seasons under contract didn't appear to bother Hinkie at all. In fact, that fit
into his plan to maximize the team's draft position by losing games. For fans -
particularly when two lottery picks turned into no players on the court a year
ago - seeing the method amid the madness hasn't always been easy.

Hinkie has actually already set a record that will probably never be broken. In
three straight drafts - including the 2012 draft when he was still in Houston -
Hinkie was part of a front office that selected a first-rounder who didn't make
it to the court in the next season. (The Rockets took Royce White in 2012.)

Will he find a way to make it four straight? That seems unlikely. There is no
extraordinary talent who has fallen because of injury, or European phenom
currently committed to remaining overseas. Still, Hinkie has a lot of options
with the third pick in the draft (and with five second-round selections jingling
in his pocket).

With that in mind, let's take a look at possible moves and the probable fan
reaction to each.

Move: Sixers draft Ohio State guard D'Angelo Russell.

Reaction: Loud sigh of relief.

By taking Russell, the Sixers would address their most pressing need, help at
the guard position, and would allay fears that Embiid's recent setback has the
team really worried about the frontcourt. Russell is a hybrid, not a pure point
guard, but he can shoot and he is plug-and-play ready for NBA minutes. Or at
least as much as any 19-year-old can be.

Move: Sixers draft guard Emmanuel Mudiay.

Reaction: General acceptance, but with some unease.

Another big guard, Mudiay bypassed the NCAA to spend his wait for eligibility in
China. He looks good on YouTube, can muscle to the rim (in China), but does
nothing to make a historically poor shooting team better in that regard.

Move: Sixers draft Duke big man Jahlil Okafor.

Reaction: Can't have too many big men.

This would require the Lakers to pass on Okafor with the second pick, but that
has been rumored. At 6-foot-11, Okafor is a polished post player who scouts feel
will be a star in the league.

Move: Sixers draft Okafor and immediately trade him to the Knicks.

Reaction: Well, that was slick, but was it a good idea?

The Knicks, holding the fourth pick, need a big man desperately. They might swap
spots with the Sixers, for the price of a future draft pick or something else,
allowing the Sixers to still get either Russell or Mudiay, whichever is
remaining. This would also mean Embiid isn't a worry.

Move: Sixers draft 7-foot Latvian Kristaps Porzingis.

Reaction: A low moan of fear.

Another guy who lights it up on YouTube with his shooting range, but his body
isn't ready for the NBA.

Move: Sixers draft Porzingis and announce he has just signed a new contract to
remain in Spain for two more seasons.

Reaction: Torches are lit and begin to illuminate the night.

Hey, it could happen.

Move: Sixers trade down, get three future second-round picks, select Croatian
swingman Mario Hezenja, and announce that he plans to sit out a year to take
part in a Tibetan archaeological dig, but will still play pickup on weekends.

Reaction: An eerie quiet. Too quiet.

All very interesting, and those possibilities aren't even counting scenarios in
which the Sixers analytics team has targeted Justise Winslow, Stanley Johnson or
even Willie Cauley-Stein. If we have learned anything since Sam Hinkie arrived,
it is that what we think we know is rarely what influences the Sixers.

That's what makes it interesting and unpredictable. It is also what makes for a
memorable cab ride regardless of the ultimate destination. Buckle up.

bford@phillynews.com

@bobfordsports


LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday
                                  WEB Edition

Hinkie's next move? Ah, the possibilities

BYLINE: By Bob Ford; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Sixers; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 786 words


The NBA draft takes place Thursday night and, for fans of the 76ers, it arrives
with equal parts excitement and trepidation. Riding along with the Sixers on
their twisting journey is like getting into a taxi driven by someone in no hurry
to arrive at the destination, and with an unusual choice of route.

Gleaming highways are bypassed in order to take roads still under construction.
Train crossings are crested without a glance up the tracks. And each sharp,
unexpected turn slams the passengers around until they are dizzy.

The third draft under general manager Sam Hinkie will have its own surprises, no
doubt, but it will be hard-pressed to match the first two. In 2013, Hinkie
traded starting point guard Jrue Holiday and came away on draft night with
Nerlens Noel, Michael Carter-Williams and a first-round pick. Last year, he got
Joel Embiid with the third pick and used that extra first-rounder to finagle a
trade with Orlando that landed Dario Saric and yet another future first-round
pick.

That three of those four acquisitions didn't play a minute of their first
seasons under contract didn't appear to bother Hinkie at all. In fact, that fit
into his plan to maximize the team's draft position by losing games. For fans -
particularly when two lottery picks turned into no players on the court a year
ago - seeing the method amid the madness hasn't always been easy.

Hinkie has actually already set a record that will probably never be broken. In
three straight drafts - including the 2012 draft when he was still in Houston -
Hinkie was part of a front office that selected a first-rounder who didn't make
it to the court in the next season. (The Rockets took Royce White in 2012.)

Will he find a way to make it four straight? That seems unlikely. There is no
extraordinary talent who has fallen because of injury, or European phenom
currently committed to remaining overseas. Still, Hinkie has a lot of options
with the third pick in the draft (and with five second-round selections jingling
in his pocket).

With that in mind, let's take a look at possible moves and the probable fan
reaction to each.

Move: Sixers draft Ohio State guard D'Angelo Russell.

Reaction: Loud sigh of relief.

By taking Russell, the Sixers would address their most pressing need, help at
the guard position, and would allay fears that Embiid's recent setback has the
team really worried about the frontcourt. Russell is a hybrid, not a pure point
guard, but he can shoot and he is plug-and-play ready for NBA minutes. Or at
least as much as any 19-year-old can be.

Move: Sixers draft guard Emmanuel Mudiay.

Reaction: General acceptance, but with some unease.

Another big guard, Mudiay bypassed the NCAA to spend his wait for eligibility in
China. He looks good on YouTube, can muscle to the rim (in China), but does
nothing to make a historically poor shooting team better in that regard.

Move: Sixers draft Duke big man Jahlil Okafor.

Reaction: Can't have too many big men.

This would require the Lakers to pass on Okafor with the second pick, but that
has been rumored. At 6-foot-11, Okafor is a polished post player who scouts feel
will be a star in the league.

Move: Sixers draft Okafor and immediately trade him to the Knicks.

Reaction: Well, that was slick, but was it a good idea?

The Knicks, holding the fourth pick, need a big man desperately. They might swap
spots with the Sixers, for the price of a future draft pick or something else,
allowing the Sixers to still get either Russell or Mudiay, whichever is
remaining. This would also mean Embiid isn't a worry.

Move: Sixers draft 7-foot Latvian Kristaps Porzingis.

Reaction: A low moan of fear.

Another guy who lights it up on YouTube with his shooting range, but his body
isn't ready for the NBA.

Move: Sixers draft Porzingis and announce he has just signed a new contract to
remain in Spain for two more seasons.

Reaction: Torches are lit and begin to illuminate the night.

Hey, it could happen.

Move: Sixers trade down, get three future second-round picks, select Croatian
swingman Mario Hezenja, and announce that he plans to sit out a year to take
part in a Tibetan archaeological dig, but will still play pickup on weekends.

Reaction: An eerie quiet. Too quiet.

All very interesting, and those possibilities aren't even counting scenarios in
which the Sixers analytics team has targeted Justise Winslow, Stanley Johnson or
even Willie Cauley-Stein. If we have learned anything since Sam Hinkie arrived,
it is that what we think we know is rarely what influences the Sixers.

That's what makes it interesting and unpredictable. It is also what makes for a
memorable cab ride regardless of the ultimate destination. Buckle up.

bford@phillynews.com

@bobfordsports


LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Bear it It's best to relax and enjoy Bryant's climb to majors

BYLINE: Joel Sherman

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 620 words


JUPITER, Fla. - It's time for everyone involved in the current Kris Bryant saga
to shut up. For the good of the kid and - more vitally - the good of the game.

Everyone has had their say now, even the new commissioner. Everyone has staked
their position. This should be the feel-good story of the spring. Instead, the
rarest commodity in the sport - a young position player with the talent and
charisma to attract fans - has been soiled.

It would be worthwhile if this were a debate in which the outcome could be
swayed. But that just is not the case.

The Cubs say they still have not made a decision whether they are sending Bryant
down. Stop. If Bryant is sent to the minors for even just 12 days, Chicago can -
by rule - control him for seven years before free agency rather than six. It is
a no-brainer and anyone who has been around the Cubs executives would not
describe that intelligent lot as brainless.

As long as service time is going to influence salary, teams are going to finagle
with it. Cubs officials have said Bryant might need to work on his defense in
the minors. However, if the World Series, rather than the regular season, began
April 5, Bryant would be on the roster as one of the Cubs' best players.

This frustrates Bryant's rep, Scott Boras, who wants his player in the bigs
working toward free agency sooner rather than later. Boras has insisted the game
should be a meritocracy and once again on the phone Friday he pointed to
Bryant's 43 home runs in the minors last year, his major league-high nine homers
this spring in just 36 at-bats plus another in a "B" game. He asked "what is the
ticket he has to punch still" to earn a major league job.

Boras is right, too. The best should be playing, and the leaders of the sport
must find a way to make this so. But it is not so now, so why keep arguing this?
In my conversation with Boras, I actually told him his points are fine, and I am
glad he is sharing incendiary quotes with me. However, Bryant's eventual rise to
the majors should not be polluted by back story. His arrival at Wrigley Field
should be a huge event for Chicago and the sport.

No one should know that better than Rob Manfred. Yet, the new commissioner
re-ignited flames Friday at Cubs camp by saying, "I don't think the Cubs'
decision with respect to Kris Bryant is really any of Scott Boras' business."

Of course, it is. Boras is his representative and he is representing him. But
that meant further gas on the fire because Boras is way more pugnacious than
diplomatic. He told me Manfred had "a pre-Marvin Miller state of mind,"
harkening back to the period before Miller became the first head of the union,
when players' rights were more easily trampled.

Boras also tried to further debase the Cubs' strategy. He noted that Javier Baez
and Jorge Soler were called up last September and his client was not. Baez and
Soler were on the 40-man roster and the Cubs clearly did not want to start
Bryant's clock. But they can argue they started Soler toward his six seasons and
free agency without regard to potential future salary.

In addition, Boras said the contention by Cubs president of baseball operations
Theo Epstein that he never puts a rookie on the Opening Day roster was untrue
because Lendy Castillo (2012) and Hector Rondon (2013) were. But both were Rule
5 picks and Epstein was specific he was not including that subset or foreign
pros such as Daisuke Matsuzaka.

But all of this is fine-point rhetoric that has lost its value. A fight persists
when we already know the outcome. And the fight must stop because it already has
cost Bryant and the sport this: What should be the feel-good story of this
spring, isn't.

joel.sherman@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: All Smiles until ... Kris Bryant (right) has hit nine homers this
spring, but the fight his agent, Scott Boras (bottom right) and commissioner Rob
Manfred are getting into over the star's entrance into the majors is hurting the
game, The Post's Joe Sherman writes. [AP (2); EPA]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Monte Poole: Dirty gossip percolating of possible Oakland A's, Tampa Bay Rays
contraction

BYLINE: By Monte Poole Bay Area News Group

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Baseball; A's; News

LENGTH: 744 words


Meanwhile, there's a nasty whisper circulating about baseball that it might be
neither, that the A's could be devoured by their associates.

The preferred term is "contraction," a cold concept in any business but
especially so if you're among the multitude who have spent some or all of the
last 43 years investing your hearts, throats and credit cards in the Oakland
club.

Though the likelihood of contraction is about the same as that of A's manager
Bob Geren being replaced by Shooty Babitt, any prolonged gestation period is
bound to hatch innuendo and speculation. And, yes, it has been exactly 24 months
since commissioner Bud Selig promised a "blue ribbon panel" would evaluate the
team's future options.

This latest gossip comes with details juicy enough to quench the thirst of
anyone seeking a tall glass of conspiracy.

According to veteran New York Post baseball columnist Joel Sherman, "a person
involved with baseball labor" recently acknowledged that contraction, previously
discussed in relation to the Montreal Expos and Minnesota Twins, has been
refloated, with the A's and Tampa Bay Rays as candidates.

Why the A's and Rays? Because no two franchises have more frequent fantasies of
fleeing their ballparks, Selig hates both yards and -- here's where it gets
particularly delicious -- he could finagle a soft landing for two owners for
whom he has an affinity.

In this scenario, A's co-owners Lew Wolff and John Fisher get the Los Angeles
Dodgers, with Rays owner Stu Sternberg getting the New York Mets. It's kind of
like Jeffrey Loria went from owning the Expos, making them disappear, and
getting the Florida Marlins.

If there is an owner Selig wants to dump, it's Frank McCourt, whose stewardship
of the Dodgers has been by turns bizarre and inept, and whose messy divorce is
both a financial beehive and an ongoing embarrassment to the, ahem, sanctity of
the sport.

If there is an owner whose predicament gnaws at Bud, it's Fred Wilpon of the
Mets. The Wilpon family has acute financial losses related to its involvement
with the infamous Bernie Madoff, serving a 150-year term for running the
granddaddy of all Ponzi schemes.

With McCourt as the tack in Bud's loafers and the Wilpons as a constant case of
heartburn, it's easy to imagine Selig nudging them toward the same door through
which the minority owners of the old Expos were tossed. Bud would be happier,
healthier and more willing to embrace retirement when his term ends after the
2012 season.

It would be a win for Selig, a win for his old frat brother Wolff -- or as Bud
refers to him, "Lewie" -- and a win for Sternberg.

Furthermore, this would complete a rout by the Giants, who stridently and
consistently have defended San Jose as their turf and surely would recognize and
exploit the advantages of a local baseball monopoly.

It's victories all around -- except for baseball fans in the Bay Area, A's fans
in particular, and fans in the Tampa-St. Petersburg metro area. Has there ever
been the slightest indication Selig gives a hoot about them?

There is this view among certain owners outside Oakland and Tampa Bay that
through revenue sharing they are subsidizing the A's, Rays and several other
franchises where too many seats sit vacant.

"The A's are hamstrung by the situation," one source told AOL FanHouse during
the winter meetings. "They are always going to be a small-money, small-market
team while they are playing in the Coliseum."

This conveniently ignores local response to captivating, contending teams at the
Oakland Coliseum. Attendance thrived under the Haas ownership and had its
moments under Steve Schott and Ken Hofmann before being systematically sheared
off by Wolff.

The point, however, is Selig and the owners want the A's out of the Coliseum,
the Rays out of that homely dome in St. Pete, McCourt out of L.A. and Wilpon out
of New York.It's a solution for Bud, pending other considerations.

Thankfully for both Bay Areas, other considerations exist. No union in the world
is stronger than the MLB Players Association, which wouldn't stand for a
proposal eliminating 50 jobs, 25 players from each contracted team.

This is not the kind of road down which Selig, monitoring labor strife in the
NFL and perhaps the NBA, dares to travel.

So we're back to the blue-ribbon committee snoozing indefinitely, San Jose
remaining on hold and the A's in Oakland. It's still home, at least for now,
perhaps for as long as they exist.

Contact Monte Poole at mpoole@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Monte Poole: Gossip of Oakland A's, Tampa Bay Rays and contraction

BYLINE: By Monte Poole Oakland Tribune columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; News

LENGTH: 744 words


Meanwhile, there's a nasty whisper circulating about baseball that it might be
neither, that the A's could be devoured by their associates.

The preferred term is "contraction," a cold concept in any business but
especially so if you're among the multitude who have spent some or all of the
last 43 years investing your hearts, throats and credit cards in the Oakland
club.

Though the likelihood of contraction is about the same as that of A's manager
Bob Geren being replaced by Shooty Babitt, any prolonged gestation period is
bound to hatch innuendo and speculation. And, yes, it has been exactly 24 months
since commissioner Bud Selig promised a "blue ribbon panel" would evaluate the
team's future options.

This latest gossip comes with details juicy enough to quench the thirst of
anyone seeking a tall glass of conspiracy.

According to veteran New York Post baseball columnist Joel Sherman, "a person
involved with baseball labor" recently acknowledged that contraction, previously
discussed in relation to the Montreal Expos and Minnesota Twins, has been
refloated, with the A's and Tampa Bay Rays as candidates.

Why the A's and Rays? Because no two franchises have more frequent fantasies of
fleeing their ballparks, Selig hates both yards and -- here's where it gets
particularly delicious -- he could finagle a soft landing for two owners for
whom he has an affinity.

In this scenario, A's co-owners Lew Wolff and John Fisher get the Los Angeles
Dodgers, with Rays owner Stu Sternberg getting the New York Mets. It's kind of
like Jeffrey Loria went from owning the Expos, making them disappear, and
getting the Florida Marlins.

If there is an owner Selig wants to dump, it's Frank McCourt, whose stewardship
of the Dodgers has been by turns bizarre and inept, and whose messy divorce is
both a financial beehive and an ongoing embarrassment to the, ahem, sanctity of
the sport.

If there is an owner whose predicament gnaws at Bud, it's Fred Wilpon of the
Mets. The Wilpon family has acute financial losses related to its involvement
with the infamous Bernie Madoff, serving a 150-year term for running the
granddaddy of all Ponzi schemes.

With McCourt as the tack in Bud's loafers and the Wilpons as a constant case of
heartburn, it's easy to imagine Selig nudging them toward the same door through
which the minority owners of the old Expos were tossed. Bud would be happier,
healthier and more willing to embrace retirement when his term ends after the
2012 season.

It would be a win for Selig, a win for his old frat brother Wolff -- or as Bud
refers to him, "Lewie" -- and a win for Sternberg.

Furthermore, this would complete a rout by the Giants, who stridently and
consistently have defended San Jose as their turf and surely would recognize and
exploit the advantages of a local baseball monopoly.

It's victories all around -- except for baseball fans in the Bay Area, A's fans
in particular, and fans in the Tampa-St. Petersburg metro area. Has there ever
been the slightest indication Selig gives a hoot about them?

There is this view among certain owners outside Oakland and Tampa Bay that
through revenue sharing they are subsidizing the A's, Rays and several other
franchises where too many seats sit vacant.

"The A's are hamstrung by the situation," one source told AOL FanHouse during
the winter meetings. "They are always going to be a small-money, small-market
team while they are playing in the Coliseum."

This conveniently ignores local response to captivating, contending teams at the
Oakland Coliseum. Attendance thrived under the Haas ownership and had its
moments under Steve Schott and Ken Hofmann before being systematically sheared
off by Wolff.

The point, however, is Selig and the owners want the A's out of the Coliseum,
the Rays out of that homely dome in St. Pete, McCourt out of L.A. and Wilpon out
of New York.

It's a solution for Bud, pending other considerations.

Thankfully for both Bay Areas, other considerations exist. No union in the world
is stronger than the MLB Players Association, which wouldn't stand for a
proposal eliminating 50 jobs, 25 players from each contracted team.

This is not the kind of road down which Selig, monitoring labor strife in the
NFL and perhaps the NBA, dares to travel.

So we're back to the blue-ribbon committee snoozing indefinitely, San Jose
remaining on hold and the A's in Oakland. It's still home, at least for now,
perhaps for as long as they exist.

Contact Monte Poole at mpoole@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             June 17, 2004 Thursday

Brooklyn Cyclones Capture Hearts of Rookies, Fans

BYLINE: By ALEXANDER BRITELL, Special to the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 646 words


There was no more room on the Cook County (Ill.) Cheetahs' roster for a soft
throwing left-hander from Bourbonnais, Ill., so Kris Regas was without a team
and a baseball home. But as is the habit of crafty pitchers, he used a little
finesse.

Regas had a good friend in Tim Mc-Nab, a reliever for the High-A ball St. Lucie
Mets, and he helped finagle a tryout for Regas.

"They worked me out," said Regas, 24, now a member of the Brooklyn Cyclones, the
Mets' Class-A affiliate. "And they called me the next day."

After pitching in extended spring training, Regas has found a club in Brooklyn,
a place where the fans know a little something about being without a team. But
like Regas, they don't have that problem anymore.

Remarkably, the Cyclones are the only baseball team in the city of New York to
sell out every game - they draw 8,000 fans a game, almost as many as the
Montreal-San Juan Expos - and play in perhaps the most beautiful ballpark in the
five boroughs.

The Cyclones officially kicked off their season on Sunday with an open workout
at Keyspan Park in Coney Island. Over 200 faithful showed up on a grey and windy
day to watch the team begin its quest for a third McNamara division championship
in four seasons.

The Cyclones, who won the New York-Penn League co-championship in their
inaugural season, play their first game tomorrow night in Williamsport, Pa.
Their first home game is next Tuesday night.

The club's 25-man roster is still in flux, so it's a little early to predict how
this team will shape up. But pitching coach Hector Berrios was excited about a
few players, namely Dominican right-hander Marcelo Perez, 21, who played for the
Mets' summer league team in the Dominican Republic last season.

"Perez is one of the kids that really stands out," Berrios says. "He can get
from 90 to 94 [miles per hour]."

Roving pitching coach Rick Waits, who served as the Mets' bullpen coach in 2003,
also said that if and when Phil Humber, the Mets' first-rounder out of Rice
University, is signed, he will probably make his first stop up the ladder at
Keyspan.

The Cylones are still waiting for several other recent draftees - after all, the
draft was only a week ago - but hitting coach Donovan Mitchell said a few
players would make an early impact.

Among them is 20-year-old Ambiorix Concepcion, the Mets organization's best
prospect to be named after a Gaulish warlord. Though raw, the Dominican
outfielder has all the tools, including a cannon for an arm.

Also promising is 19th-round pick Jim Burt Jr., whose father played nose tackle
for the New York Giants. Burt is batting .373 for the Miami Hurricanes, who are
currently competing in the College World Series. He will arrive in Brooklyn and
probably start at first base when the Hurricanes' season wraps up. For now, look
for Justin Wendt to occupy the corner.

"We're trying to get these guys comfortable here in Brooklyn," Mitchell said. "I
don't try to be technical with them. They got to get used to playing baseball
everyday."

While players such as Burt were not around for Sunday's workout, a roster's
worth of players took the field, and they all had one thing in common: They were
ecstatic to be in Brooklyn.

"It's every boy's opportunity and dream," said outfielder Kyle Brown, the Mets'
18th-round pick and native of Colonie, N.Y. A speedy centerfielder out of
LeMoyne College, Brown's strong arm gives him a good chance of starting in the
outfield.

"Wow," was the reaction from lefthander Joe Williams, the Mets' 17th pick in
this year's draft out of Xavier. Williams throws in the mid-to-upper eighties,
scratching 91; the coaching staff hasn't told him yet whether he'll start or
relieve.

"I love this park," Williams said, looking up at the assembled fans. "It's more
people come out to a game than I've seen since I've been playing. I can't wait
to start. I'm just happy to be getting paid to play a game."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             August 27, 2012 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

MARLINS HOLD THEIR OWN BASH;
MLB: DODGERS LOSE, THANKS IN PART TO MIAMI'S STANTON, BRANTLY - PAIR OF SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA NATIVES;
MIAMI 6, DODGERS 2

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 990 words


Their home runs did the work of daggers and their youthful energy resuscitated a
formerly lifeless lineup. Yet the only adulation 22-year-old Giancarlo Stanton
and 23-year-old Rob Brantly could finagle from the stands came from about 40
fans.

Stanton, born in Panorama City and raised in Tujunga, and the Temecula native
Brantly outshined the Dodgers' star-studded lineup Sunday in a 6-2 Miami Marlins
victory.

The two local products each estimated about 20 admirers, mostly friends and
family, sitting among the announced crowd of 41,907 at Dodger Stadium.

"When I come here," Stanton admitted after the game, "baseball's second,
baseball's third, on your list."

Undeterred, Stanton finished with three home runs in the three-game series,
giving him 29 for the season.

The Dodgers faithful could be forgiven for their disbelief as their team
collected 11 hits - all singles - yet went 2 for 17 with runners in scoring
position and stranded 16 men on base. Hanley Ramirez was the main culprit with
an 0-for-4, two-strikeout performance in which he left eight on base by himself.

Adrian Gonzalez's RBI single drove in former Boston teammate Nick Punto in the
first inning, and Andre Ethier drove in Matt Kemp with a single in the seventh.

Gonzalez also flied out with the bases loaded to end the eighth inning, Punto
struck out to strand two in the sixth, and Ethier grounded into a fielder's
choice with the bases loaded to end the fifth.

The loss capped a 2-4 homestand for the Dodgers (69-59), who squandered a chance
to gain ground on the first-place San Francisco Giants in the National League
West after the Giants lost to Atlanta 7-1 Sunday night. The Dodgers remain two
games back.

Right-hander Josh Beckett makes his Dodgers debut today in Colorado.

With so many new faces in the room - the Dodgers added nine players in trades
over the past month - the three-game trip is coming at a good time.

"The guys that we did bring in, they're veteran guys," said Aaron Harang, who
allowed three runs in 5 1/3 innings Sunday.

"They know how to adjust going into new environments. We're all excited to have
them here. It will be nice to get on the road. You get a better feel for guys -
talk some more, get to know one another more."

The right-hander gave up the home runs to Stanton and Brantly, the latter
hitting a two-run shot to right-center field in the fifth inning that gave the
Marlins a lead they would not relinquish. It was Brantly's first career home run
in his seventh career game.

"Brantly was supposed to be a backdoor cutter that stayed out middle - another
young, aggressive hitter who swung at the first pitch," said Harang, who allowed
six hits, walked one and struck out four.

A parade of six Dodgers relievers followed - the last of which, Shawn Tolleson,
allowed back-to-back home runs in the ninth inning to Jose Reyes and Carlos Lee.
Ronald Belisario allowed an unearned run to score in the eighth inning, which
allowed the Marlins to widen a 3-2 lead.

Ethier's streak of at-bats with a hit ended at 10, tying Ed Konetchy's franchise
record set in 1919. Only seven players in major-league history have enjoyed
longer streaks.

Gonzalez, who hit a home run in his first at-bat with the Dodgers on Saturday,
finished 2 for 4 with a pair of singles. He also stole the third base of his
major-league career in his 1,142nd game.

Punto started at second base in favor of Mark Ellis and went 1 for 3 with a pair
of walks.

Victorino reflects on trade

One day after the Dodgers obtained Carl Crawford in a nine-player trade with the
Boston Red Sox, outfielder Shane Victorino had to accept the possibility that he
might not be in the team's long-term plans.

"If it's here, it's here," he said. "If it's somewhere else, I just want to put
on the jersey and play the game because I love the game. My goal is to win with
this team. We'll see what happens."

A free agent at the end of the season, Victorino repeatedly expressed a desire
to re-sign in Los Angeles after arriving July 31 in a trade from Philadelphia.
Victorino would like to be closer to his offseason home in Las Vegas, where he
is heavily involved in the community through his eponymous non-profit
foundation.

Crawford's presence poses an obvious problem for Victorino: The Dodgers now have
three outfielders (Crawford, Andre Ethier and Matt Kemp) under contract until at
least 2017. Crawford, who underwent Tommy John surgery on Thursday, is not
expected to be able to play until next March at the earliest.

"Crawford's not playing any time soon, so I don't pay attention to that kind of
stuff," Victorino said. "Ultimately, I hope he gets back healthy. I remember
watching Carl play when he was healthy and it was fun to watch. He was an
exciting player.

"I don't sit here and worry about it. He was a piece that was added in the
puzzle. Who knows what their mindset is? They could turn around and trade him.
Anything could happen."

Injury updates

Ted Lilly and Matt Guerrier were scheduled to continue their rehab assignments
by pitching today and Wednesday for Single-A Rancho Cucamonga. But Lilly's
outing is in jeopardy after manager Don Mattingly said the left-hander had a
setback during a workout Sunday morning. "I'm thinking Teddy's not going to make
his start," Mattingly said. "He felt something ... I think in his back or
something."

Meanwhile, the Dodgers still don't know if Chad Billingsley will be activated
Sept. 9, the first day he's eligible to come off the 15-day disabled list.
Billingsley went on the DL Saturday after an MRI exam revealed inflammation in
his right elbow.

"It's going to be until next week before he gets another MRI," Mattingly said.
"Then we'll know a lot more. They'll have to wait for the swelling to go down to
get a better view."

Billingsley's first MRI "didn't show us enough that it's not clear-cut
anything," Mattingly added. "Not really bad, not really good. At this point, I
don't know."

jp.hoornstra@inlandnewspapers.com

twitter.com/jphoornstra

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos
 Photo: (1 -- color) Dodgers manager Don Mattingly, right, argues a call with
umpire Tony Randazzo on Sunday. Mark J. Terrill The Associated Press (2) Miami's
Giancarlo Stanton (Notre Dame) hits a solo homer in the fourth inning. Stephen
Dunn Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 3, 2012 Friday
                                  Main Edition

BATTLING BOTH CANCER AND THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM Butch Preece's family confronts
the medical abyss

BYLINE: Shawn Vestal

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 954 words


About a month ago, Donna Preece, held a car wash with some family and friends.

They stood out on Division holding signs. They took donations. They washed cars
Friday and Saturday, and by the end they had enough money to cover one very,
very, very tiny portion of the medical bills piling up around Butch Preece's
life-threatening illness.

Welcome to the health care system 2012, where a medical catastrophe always drags
a financial catastrophe behind it.

Patrick "Butch" Preece lies in Providence Holy Family Hospital, a 48-year-old
grandfather with late-stage, aggressive cancer, waiting to find out if his wife
and daughters can somehow finagle a way to get coverage for a stem-cell
transplant with a 1-in-5 chance of saving his life. The transplant has been
denied by Medicare; they're trying to get an unlikely rush approval from
Medicaid. And day after day, bills that the Preece family cannot pay arrive in
the mail.

"I think it's just really sad that if he can't get this transplant done, then he
has less than a year to live," said Donna Preece, 50. "We're in limbo. We go day
by day."

The Preeces are a painfully concrete example of so many issues we discuss mostly
in the abstract: the balancing of costs and benefits; the limits of publicly
financed care; the soaring price of our advanced technology; and the best way to
deliver care to people who can't afford it.

Everyone's got a lot to say about this lately. But it's awfully hard to consider
the Preeces' experience and think of this system as anything but haphazard and
ineffective - baroquely inefficient. The family is in a constant financial
scramble - from car washes to bake sales, from insurance applications to benefit
regulations - and whatever happens, they will emerge with thousands and
thousands and thousands of dollars in debt they cannot pay.

Which is to say nothing of Butch himself, his illness and his pain, and the
emotional toll on his loved ones, who wonder how long he will live.

He was diagnosed with cancer of the lymph nodes in April 2011. Butch has Crohn's
disease and draws a monthly federal disability payment for that; Donna worked as
a sales associate at Wal-Mart. He was covered by Medicare, which pays 80 percent
of expenses.

Butch went through a round of chemotherapy, then radiation, at Sacred Heart. The
cancer hung on - it was then diagnosed as an aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Next he went through the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance, an alliance of Seattle
organizations that specializes in the most serious cases and treatments.

There, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Butch went through an
autologous stem-cell transplant, a procedure in which some of his own stem cells
were removed before he underwent chemotherapy, and then returned to his body to
rebuild his bone marrow. That required him to spend four months in Seattle.

They downsized from an $800 apartment with a garage to a $500 apartment. Cut
cable, TV, other expenses. While Butch was in Seattle, they had to live close to
the hospital there, in a studio costing $1,500 a month - they got help covering
all but $400. Butch went through the procedure in March and then spent a month
in Seattle, where it appeared he was getting better.

"We were thinking it worked," Donna said. "We were talking about how we were
going to start living life to the fullest and enjoy every day. We were excited.
I got back to work, and just ... great spirits."

In May, Butch's pain returned. The doctors found the cancer had returned - three
masses in his stomach. A return to Seattle for an evaluation left the family
with grim news: He probably has a year to live. The only possible remedy - an
expensive long shot - was a stem-cell transplant from a donor.

The doctor "asked Butch if he wanted to fight," Donna said. "He said yes."

Butch was hospitalized June 8, to begin chemo and preparations for the
transplant. The return of the cancer had been a big blow. What came next felt
worse: After first receiving approval, Donna was told Medicare wouldn't cover
it. Now the Preeces - and their Holy Family cancer care coordinator, Beryl
Anderson - are in a full-court press trying to find a way to get the procedure
covered. It's likely to cost several hundred thousand dollars, at least, though
the costs differ.

One possibility was Medicaid - the state-run program has different guidelines
than federally-governed Medicare. But the Preeces may not have spent enough of
their own money to qualify, and even if they have, Anderson's not sure that the
procedure would be covered.

There's an outside chance they could find a private insurer to cover it, but
Donna Preece would essentially have to give up her home to afford it. They might
be able to get the transplant by agreeing to assume the full cost themselves.

"But at this point, they are totally out of money," Anderson said. "Medical
bills are just stacking up."

Meanwhile, Butch has a limited window to get the procedure. He has to get it
while his blood counts are good, following the latest round of chemo - if the
cancer begins returning, the transplant won't be an option.

However uncertain Butch's prognosis, Donna's financial prognosis is certain:
debt and lots of it. In the past few months alone, bills of about $10,000 that
she cannot pay have arrived.

Each little step comes with big costs. An example: Getting family members tested
as possible blood-marrow donors costs $175 each. That expense is nothing
compared to the mountain of costs associated with Butch's care - it's a drop in
a drop in the ocean.

The Preeces covered that expense with money from the car wash, which brought in
around $500 over two days.

"It would sure take a lot of car washes to pay for a transplant," Anderson said.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Shawn Vestal can be reached at (509) 459-5431 or shawnv@spokesman.com
Follow him on Twitter at @vestal13.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     November 8, 2005 Tuesday Final Edition

Be sophisticated -- come to the cabaret, old chum

SOURCE: Special to The Spectator

BYLINE: Gary Smith

SECTION: GO; Pg. G13

LENGTH: 608 words


I've got a great idea for Theatre Aquarius. Program a whole series of cabaret
shows for the Studio Theatre. That way, we could all return to a time of
sophistication.

More than anything, that's what cabaret represents. A comfortable meeting ground
between audience and artist, it allows for a degree of intimacy you won't find
anywhere else.

An example? Irving Berlin...Always.

This sweetly sentimental evening of infectious songs, by the legendary genius
who gave us Easter Parade and White Christmas, is a comfortable evening that
finagles its way into your heart.

It's the sort of thing that still fills nightclubs in New York and San Francisco
-- places like the Oak Room at the Algonquin and Feinstein's in the Regency. A
glass of wine, a table for two and some great songs, acted as well as sung --
that's cabaret.

Now there are those who'll tell you this is not theatre. Tosh to that.

People who want elaborate choreography, get-in-the-way staging and lord knows
what other impediments to the discovery of a song's real heartbeat would be
better to go to Las Vegas and catch one of those tacky, over-produced revues.

That way, the rest of us can cosy up to performers like Victor A. Young and
Jayne Lewis without suffering cumbersome staging that gets in the way of their
art.

Young and Lewis -- a comfortable couple on and off stage -- have the moxy to
make the music the star of their show. Accompanied by Stephen Woodjetts on a
sleek baby grand, this pair burrow beneath lyrics to give the songs they sing
serious connection.

There are no superfluous touches.

A few lines here and there tell us as much as we need to know about the life of
Berlin. Some cunning dance steps give things a sense of momentum.

Always, we feel this pair is singing directly to us. When they ask us to join in
and sing along, we do. When they ask us to clap hands to feel the heat of the
beat, we oblige.

It's as if we are closeted with good friends who just happen to sing.

Neither Lewis nor Young has a fabulous voice. He fights occasionally with a bit
of vibrato. She has less power in her upper range than you might expect.

So what? These gracious folks sing the socks off a number of Berlin ballads and
uptempo rousers and they sell the songs, and themselves, with wonderful style.

Remember style? Well, it's hard to find. But catch Lewis and Young rompin'
through Alexander's Ragtime Band -- or better yet, Puttin' On The Ritz -- and
you'll see what we've been missing.

Lewis solos beautifully on Say It Isn't So and Suppertime.

Young has fun with Steppin' Out With My Baby and creates a moody context for Be
Careful, It's My Heart.

If anything, this show is too short at less than two hours with a lengthy
intermission.

Well, maybe that's good.

Leaving us wanting more means we had a great time.

Now, wouldn't it be nice if Aquarius programmed a whole series of these stylish
cabaret evenings? With the likes of George Masswohl and Sharron Matthews on our
doorstep -- and brilliant artists such as Bruce Dow and Charlotte Moore on the
musical scene -- Aquarius could make that Studio space something special.

If you like the intimacy of cabaret, get to the Studio at the Dofasco Centre and
enjoy this evening of easygoing entertainment. It brings something to Hamilton
we've all been missing -- sophistication.

Irving Berlin...Always continues at the Dofasco Centre Studio, 190 King William
St., now through Nov. 12 at 8 p.m. with matinees Wednesday at 1 p.m. and
Saturday at 2 p.m. Call 905-522-7529.

Gary Smith has written on theatre and dance for The Hamilton Spectator for more
than 25 years

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Barry Gray, the Hamilton Spectator; Stylish Victor A. Young and
Jayne Lewis make the music the star of the show.

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2005 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 6, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

So 'Dallas' Is Finally Over. Or Is It?

BYLINE: By BILL CARTER

SECTION: Section C; Page 14; Column 3; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 572 words


After 13 years and 356 episodes of infidelity, scheming and double-dealing, CBS
's longtime hit series "Dallas" turned its much-awaited finale into yet another
finagle.

"Dallas" managed to spend two hours on Friday night leading its characters,
along with the viewers, millions of whom watched the series for the first time
in years, out onto what the show's producers promised would be one last cliff,
from which there would be no return.

No dangling grip on the cliff's edge this time, they had vowed, just a tidy
terminal plunge for the show's spectacularly protracted story line.

But J. R. Ewing never did play fair. First he took the crowd of old friends
through another one of the show's now infamous dream sequences; then he left
them a last cliffside ledge to hang from.

"Dallas" ended its run on Friday night with an off-screen gunshot, a rush to a
bedroom and a stunned character saying, "Oh, no!" at a sight viewers never saw.

A tag line was left unsaid: "Not again!"

Bobby Ewing, the long abused brother of J. R., was the last face on the screen,
reacting in shock to something in his brother's room. Perhaps J. R shot himself
this time; that was the general idea. But he may have only been winged again, or
he may have only shot a hole in his favorite cardigan. Viewers will never know.
The show apparently wanted to leave itself an out should there be a clamor
sometime for J. R. to rise again.
 Even though the show's ratings soared Friday, it's doubtful there will be any
such clamor. The series had faded so badly over the last several seasons that
CBS did not even want to broadcast the series again this year but was compelled
to do so in its contract.

After having averaging only a 10.8 rating and 19 percent share of the audience
in its 10 P.M. time period this season, the show almost doubled those numbers in
its overnight ratings for its flimflam finale. On Friday, "Dallas" scored a 21
rating and 34 share in the nation's largest 24 television markets.  Each rating
point is equal to 931,000 homes, and the share is the percentage of homes
watching a program at any given time.

David F. Poltrack, CBS's senior vice president of research, said yesterday that
the results were even better than expected. "We were hoping for a share in the
high 20's," he said. "When the national rating comes in Monday, this may be high
enough for 'Dallas' to go out as the No. 1 show again."

"Dallas" was No. 1 for three seasons in the early 1980's. Mr. Poltrack said the
high ratings meant the show was "going out in style."

What Could Have Been

The style it chose was a takeoff on the famous here's-life-without-you gimmick
of the film classic "It's a Wonderful Life." Joel Grey, playing a devil (of
course) instead of an angel, led J. R. though scenes in the lives of some of the
characters of "Dallas," letting him contemplate what their fate would have been
if he had never lived.

The show indicated that almost everyone would have been either silly or
miserable in some unremarkable way, with the exception of J. R's oldest whipping
boy, Cliff Barnes, who would have apparently turned out to be Vice President Dan
Quayle with a ludicrously bad golf swing.

This tour through a what-if side of "Dallas" roused almost no reaction in J. R.
(Larry Hagman). He was so moved at how much he had influenced people's lives for
better or worse that he decided to kill himself anyway. Maybe.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Larry Hagman as J. R. Ewing. (CBS)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      February 1, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

POLITICAL NOTEBOOK

BYLINE: DOUG NURSE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett; Pg. 3JJ

LENGTH: 1086 words


Linder gets recognition from Israel

U.S. Rep. John Linder (R-Ga.) of Duluth recently joined the company of such
notables as former President Ronald Reagan, former Secretary of State Henry
Kissinger and former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher when he was given
a Friend of Zion award for efforts to improve relations between the United
States and Israel.

The award is given annually by the Jerusalem Fund, the development arm of Aish
HaTorah, an international network of Jewish educational centers. The
organization considers voting records and sponsorship of bills that relate to
Israel.

This year's recipients of the Friend of Zion Award include U.S. Sen. Evan Bayh
of Indiana, Linder and U.S. Rep. John McHugh of New York.

Linder said the trip to Israel to receive the award was eye-opening. Since he
first visited Israel in 1992, the country has been gripped by fear and tension,
he said. Markets that formerly would have been packed were vacant, and
bankruptcies are skyrocketing. He said Palestinian anger is pervasive,
regardless of generation.

"The government is beside itself," he said. "They're trying to get control of
the suicide bombings."

More convention seats?

Gwinnett's having multiple congressional districts might mean that county
Republicans can finagle extra seats in the state delegation to the Republican
National Convention.

Each of the 13 congressional districts gets to send three delegates to the Big
Party, set for Aug. 30 in New York. Gwinnett has Congressional Districts 7, 10,
13 and 4, although District 4 includes only a handful of precincts in the
western tip of the county.

The national delegates will nominate the candidate for president and help hammer
out the party platform.

Local GOP operatives already are gearing up for the Republican National
Convention.

On Saturday, Gwinnett Republicans will begin the process of choosing who gets to
go to the national convention as delegates from Georgia. Anyone who signs an
affidavit affirming he is a bona fide Republican can attend one of the "mass
meetings" set to start at 10 a.m. in each of the five school districts. There
will be speeches, campaigning and voting.

Taking Squires' advice

Annette Gelbrich, a Democrat from Norcross, has announced she is running for
state House District 69, Post 1, which is being vacated by Rep. Curt Thompson
(D-Norcross).

The district is strongly Democratic, and it will be a challenge for Republicans
to claim Thompson's seat or its sister seat, held by state Rep. Hugh Floyd
(D-Norcross). Thompson has decided to run for the state Senate seat held by Sen.
Mary Squires (D-Norcross), who is running for the U.S. Senate.

Gelbrich, 46, a technical documentation analyst for Deutz Corp., said she was
encouraged to run by Squires, for whom she campaigned in years past.

She said she wants to protect neighborhoods from gang activity and crime, which
plague the neighborhood where she has lived since 1987. She said she also is
interested in education issues.

Gelbrich, a West Virginia native, is married and has two children. She's been
active in the Boy Scouts and in her children's schools.

Gwinnett Democratic Party Chairman Mike Berlon said another potential candidate
has approached him about running for Thompson's seat.

"We could end up with a contested Democratic primary," he said.

That would be a big change from a mere four years ago when Squires was the only
elected Democrat in the entire county.

County GOP Chairman Buzz Brockway said Republicans are working on getting a
candidate to run for Thompson's seat.

Legislators' initiatives

Three members of Gwinnett County's legislative delegation are contemplating a
variety of bills, including returning tax money to the voters and exempting
Gwinnett schools from some regulations.

In response to a query from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, state Rep. Donna
Sheldon (R-Dacula) recently wrote: "This session, I will continue to work on
legislation that will ensure the state becomes fiscally responsible.

"I co-sponsored a bill limiting the growth of government spending to growth in
population plus growth in inflation. It automatically sends surpluses back to
the taxpayers. Georgia's budget grew 75 percent over the past decade while
population grew by 25 percent.

"Major reform is needed in Medicaid. Medicaid should implement a policy of
education and lifestyle change for those individuals with diabetes and
cardiovascular disease. That will improve quality of life for these individuals
and save substantial amounts of money.

"I have introduced legislation to allow tax credits for long-term care
insurance. The bill would protect assets from government seizure to repay
Medicaid. Today in Georgia 80 percent of nursing home residents are Medicaid
patients."

State Rep. Tom Rice (R-Norcross) wrote that he wants to relieve Gwinnett's
public schools from some of the red tape the system has to deal with.

"I will offer a bill I call the 'Education Freedom Act' that will remove some of
the onerous bureaucratic burden from systems that have performed above the
national average or are in the top 10 percent of all Georgia systems," he wrote.

"In addition, I will offer a bill to allow licensed driver training
organizations to administer the driving test to students that they teach. This
is done in several states and will have the effect of providing more options for
parents who do not want to have to drive as far."

State Rep. Pedro Marin (D-Duluth) wrote that he plans to push a bill that would
toughen current laws to prevent street gang terrorism.

"I will resume working to pass this legislation, which would increase the
punishment for gang-related crimes from three years in prison to five years and
from a $5,000 maximum fine to $10,000.

"Another legislative priority of mine this year will be to pass House Bill 625,
which I sponsored as a means of providing temporary licenses to professional
counselors, social workers and family therapists who are certified in other
countries. This will address a growing need in Georgia for multilingual members
of these professions.

"I am also co-sponsoring legislation to help eliminate the practice of placing
evicted tenants' furniture, clothing and other belongings on the curbside, which
creates an eyesore and a dangerous situation in these communities, and a measure
to require apartment communities with more than 50 units to provide off-street
school bus loading areas."

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 30, 2013 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

BIGGER QUESTIONS LOOM THAN 'WHAT BOWL WILL HAVE US?'

BYLINE: John Blanchette

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 776 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


So how many bowl tickets is Bill Moos willing to eat in the name of positive
self-worth?

Ten thousand? Fifteen? Twenty?

What sort of horse-trading will Washington State's athletic director have to do
to finagle the Cougars into a bowl game - any bowl game - for the first time in
a decade?

It's not a "where" question at this point - unless the answer is "anywhere."
It's not a "why" question unless you still can't grasp, embrace or even just
accept that college football's postseason for all but four teams is nothing more
than a pageant, and an especially silly one for all the Miss Congenialitys
clustered around for the crumbs.

It's a "how" question.

The Cougars could have answered that and possibly saved Moos some hard
swallowing and arm-twisting by winning Saturday afternoon here at the old yacht
club. The table was set for precisely the same sort of soul-ectomy they
administered to their rivals from Washington a year ago.

And then 10 ticks of the clock later, the tablecloth had been yanked and all the
cutlery and china sent clattering to the floor.

Ten seconds.

Down by three, 5:26 remaining and 87 yards of clear runway ahead for the vaunted
Air Raid. Pass interference on UW got the Cougs 15 yards closer. And then, well,
and then came that which could not happen.

Gregory Ducre's interception of the pass Cougars quarterback Connor Halliday
threw behind Isiah Myers may not have been the play of the day - a 40-yard Husky
screen pass back in the third quarter changed the game's entire DNA. But it was
the deciding moment in every respect, and the kind that - all the progress of
this season notwithstanding - will still define the program until it doesn't
anymore.

The Huskies chewed on the bone for a few minutes before turning it into the
touchdown that settled a 27-17 victory, removing the seven-win ceiling that
coach Steve Sarkisian has been bumping his head on and leaving the Cougs to stew
for a week until those bowl place cards are set.

"We made a good case," insisted receiver Kristoff Williams. "We have some good
wins and we played people tough. I think we've done everything we could - except
maybe win this last one."

Yeah. Except that.

"There's no question," said coach Mike Leach, "we ought to go to a bowl game."

At least he didn't say "deserve," which has precious little to do with any of
these machinations.

But in the realm of oughtas, the Cougars are by one admired metric the No. 30
team in the nation, and considered to have played the fourth-toughest schedule.
Their six losses are to teams with an aggregate record of 52-17.

But then, they've beaten exactly two teams with winning records, too, not
counting the FCS snack on the schedule.

And with the Pac-12's allotment of bowl slots presumably accounted for, the
Cougars must somehow make themselves attractive as a free agent. Hope nobody
looks at their recent home support.

It would be nice to report that the 106th Apple Cup was as hotly contested as a
Black Friday doorbuster grab at Wal-Mart, but that's an awfully high bar.

There was some predictable jawing and ill will, enough that Wazzu linebacker
Darryl Monroe complained that "things got out of hand (after the game). I didn't
appreciate it. There were some players who did have class like Keith Price and
Bishop Sankey and (Jaydon) Mickens. Everyone else, it got under my skin."

But then, Monroe was also the guy saying that Sankey, who shredded the Cougs for
200 yards and set the UW single-season rushing record this day, was merely a
"decent running back. But I feel like most of what he accomplished we gave him.
I wouldn't make it more than that."

Oh. OK.

The Cougars' inability to contain Spokane's contribution to the Husky record
book was a tipping point in a game otherwise given over to the whipsawing
fortunes of the two quarterbacks. There was bad Keith and good Keith, and good
Connor and bad Connor - and one shoulders a far greater burden in regards to his
team's fortunes.

"The playmakers stepped up," was WSU safety Deone Bucannon's assessment. "Bishop
Sankey and Keith Price. They decided to make plays and be players like they
are."

Also, third down. Wazzu couldn't stay on the field in the second half (0 of 6),
and couldn't get the Huskies off (5 of 7).

And yet Leach may be right when said that "I don't think anybody's improved as
much in the last three weeks as we have" - and is definitely correct that there
are significant leaps still to be made before the Cougars can be a team that
doesn't have to sweat out bowl deal-making.

"If we're all one play better," Leach said, "this is a different game."

Which is the sort of self-worth question that truly counts.

TYPE: Column

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

IN TOUGH TIMES, PAY TOO GENEROUS

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 375 words


Looking at the contract Hillsborough County commissioners offered their new
chief executive, it's not clear they grasp the state of the economy. Mike
Merrill's pay package is less lucrative than what his predecessor, Pat Bean,
managed to finagle, but it's still generous, and negotiations over it show that
nearly all involved still have a tin ear to economic realities and the concept
of accountability. Commissioners should think through the lessons before moving
on.

Merrill was the right choice as interim administrator after the board fired Bean
last summer over her demonstrated inability to guide the county through the
recession. This month, the board agreed to give Merrill the job full-time,
paying him $195,000 a year. He'll also receive $22,000 annually (the maximum
allowed by law) in a deferred retirement account and a car allowance of $236 per
month. Merrill will earn less than what Bean made but more than he does now -
$155,000.

The package is more than ample in this economic climate, and it was discouraging
that both sides settled on the figure only after exploring even more generous
terms. Other proposals called for guaranteeing Merrill a post elsewhere in the
county until his retirement at 62 if he did not pan out as administrator. The
commission agreed to the terms on a 4-3 vote, with several board members holding
out for more concessions.

For a county government that has eliminated hundreds of jobs to cope with
declining revenue, the contract talks with Merrill showed a disconnect between
top officials and the rank and file. Merrill is competent and a stable force.
But commissioners still want to pay their executives a premium for contributing
to the same sort of healthy working environment that is expected as a matter of
routine from lower-level employees. Merrill needs to watch the message that
sends.

On the plus side, the county has put a capable and respected administrator in
place on a permanent basis. By putting the drama of the Bean years behind it,
county government can begin addressing serious challenges - from improving
efficiency in delivering services to addressing transit and job development.
With a new Tampa mayor on the way, the county should look for a fresh start with
its fresh leadership.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             April 13, 2003, Sunday

LEGISLATORS MAY INCREASE OWN PAYCHECKS; LLOYD DUNKELBERGER & GARY FINEOUT

BYLINE: LLOYD DUNKELBERGER & GARY FINEOUT Ledger Tallahassee Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. A27

LENGTH: 739 words


TALLAHASSEE

It's an extremely tight state budget year, with everything from universities to
critical health-care programs facing deep cuts. Yet, even in that bleak fiscal
environment, state legislators may finagle a boost in their pay and a
substantial increase in the daily living allowances they receive during their
60day annual sessions in Tallahassee.

Based on existing law, the 40 senators and 120 House members would receive a 2.5
percent pay increase on July 1. The raise is based on a provision that
automatically boosts legislative pay to equal pay raises given to state workers
in the previous year.

Sen. Mike Fasano, R-New Port Richey, is opposed to the pay raise. "Certainly
when we're in a time when we're telling everybody to cut back, we should not be
giving ourselves a pay raise," he said.

He tried unsuccessfully to amend the Senate budget bill to remove the pay raise.
But he said Senate leaders said the issue would be considered when the final
budget bill is worked out with the House. In previous lean years, lawmakers have
given up their pay raises.

Aside from the pay issue, other legislation is advancing that could potentially
increase the daily living allowances paid to lawmakers when they're in session.

That per diem is now $ 50 a day. A bill, sponsored by Sen. Al Lawson,
D-Tallahassee, would allow it to increase to as much as $ 94 a day. The amount
would be decided by the Senate president, or House speaker for House members.

The legislative per diem increase is part of Lawson's bill that also increases
per diem rates and mileage allowances for other state workers and officials when
they are traveling. The bill would increase mileage payments on a range from the
current 29 cents per mile to 37 cents. The bill also provides for future
increases based on the consumer price index. Under the bill, the rates would be
set by the head of each branch of government, including legislative leaders, the
governor and the Supreme Court chief justice.

Lawson said the per diem rates haven't been changed since 1981. And he said
state workers sometimes end up losing money when the travel. "That shouldn't
happen," he said.

Although legislative analysts say bill could cost as much as $ 34 million a
year, if officials approve per diem and mileage rates at the top end of the
scales, Lawson said by giving state leaders the discretion to set the levels, it
can be done in a tight budget year. They can set per diem and mileage rates
"based on the dollars they are able to set aside in their budgets," Lawson said.

Fasano, who opposed Lawon's bill, said he has no problem considering allowance
and mileage increases for rankand-file state workers. But, he said, it would set
a bad example to boost allowances for lawmakers in the next budget year. "We
shouldn't be increasing per diems for elected officials," he said.

SECRET PARTY FUNDS

Florida's two political parties may get a little gift from the Florida
Legislature.

A provision buried in a comprehensive elections bill moving through the Florida
House would exempt the Democratic and Republican parties from having to report
any contributions they receive if that money is then used to buy land or
buildings for the party.

The argument for the change in law is that lawmakers would be putting on paper
what has been practice for more than 20 years, based on a previous legal opinion
issued by the Florida Division of Elections. State officials say this year's
measure was prompted by the Florida Democratic Party's recent sale of its
Tallahassee headquarters -- which the party wound up showing as a donation even
though it wasn't required.

But good-government advocates argue that this would place a huge loophole in the
state's campaign-finance laws.

Political parties today can accept unlimited amounts of donations, known as
"soft money," but they are required to report these donations. Under this new
provision, political parties could accept huge donations to buy a building and
would never have to say who gave them the money. "It's an obvious attempt to
hide it from public disclosure," complained Ben Wilcox of Common Cause.

Rep. Ben Hogan, R-Jacksonville, chairman of the House Ethics and Elections
subcommittee, defended the provision.

"You got to have a headquarters, you've got to have a building," said Hogan. "I
don't understand why they would need to report who made that contribution."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 4, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

Movies;
Bottom to the Pork Barrel;
Disney's Undistinguished 'Gentleman'

Rita Kempley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 412 words


Like Mr. Smith and Billy Jack before him, "The Distinguished Gentleman" comes to
Washington -- only this time to share in looting the public pork barrel. But
with Disney chairing the committee, this would-be political satire turns into a
sappy farce that shamelessly pits influence peddlers against a con man who
develops values when elected to Congress -- thanks to a little constituent who
has an operable brain tumor. That darn cancer.

A restrained Eddie Murphy dusts off his "SNL" shtick for the role of Thomas
Jefferson Johnson, a happy-go-lucky hustler with the same name as the recently
deceased incumbent. He finagles his way onto the ballot and into office with
help from a rainbow coalition of hopelessly cliched racial and ethnic
stereotypes.

As a crook determined to line his own pockets, he couldn't be more at home in
Sodom on the Potomac. Taken under the wing of oily power committee chairman Dick
Dodge (Lane Smith), Congressman Johnson is soon raking in the PAC contributions
from industry lobbyists in return for access. Then he finds love.

Enter the fetching Celia (Victoria Rowell), a church-going activist who seeks
Johnson's support for her good causes and in so doing awakens his latent
idealistic tendencies. Enter the kid with cancer, the scars from surgery still
evident on her little bald head. It seems that Dodge is in cahoots with
special-interest groups to block an EPA investigation linking cancer clusters to
power lines in playgrounds.

Johnson promises Celia that he will urge Dodge to comply, but he is talked into
a coverup by the Nixonian chairman and his beefy Southern cronies. The new-found
light in his eyes is flickering out. Clap, boys and girls, if you believe Mr.
Johnson can learn to believe in "American family values."

The screenplay is surprisingly commonplace considering that it was written by
former Washington insider Marty Kaplan -- a Disney executive who used to write
Vice President Walter Mondale's speeches. Of course, if you think about it, "The
Distinguished Gentleman" is about as memorable as one of the Minnesota
Democrat's droning pronouncements. Thankfully it is also a whole lot funnier --
at least some of the time. Alas, it's too coarsely drawn and broadly directed by
Brit Jonathan Lynn to effectively skewer what ought to have been an easy target.
Politicians are corrupt. Stop the presses.


The Distinguished Gentleman, rated R for sex and profanity, is playing in area
theaters.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, EDDIE MURPHY AS THE HUSTLER WHO IS ELECTED TO CONGRESS.

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Sharks offense still struggles, but does win

BYLINE: Bill Ballou, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B,1,999

LENGTH: 570 words


WORCESTER -- The way the season started out, with the Sharks scoring two, three
or four goals -- sometimes in the same period, even -- there was no hint that
within a few short weeks they would have to scratch, claw and finagle their way
to victory.

It has come down to that, though, and until Worcester somehow regains its
scoring touch, games like Sunday afternoon's 1-0 triumph over the Portland
Pirates will have to do.

J.P. Anderson recorded his first professional shutout, making 26 saves, and
Micheal Haley scored a power-play goal at 4:22 of the second period to provide
the Sharks with their slim margin of victory. It was strictly a lunch-pail
triumph, and a look inside that pail would have shown something along the lines
of ham-and-cheese with a pickle, some Wachusett chips and an orange.

Coach Roy Sommer, who was displeased with his team's "compete" level at times on
Saturday night, had nothing but praise for that same intangible on Sunday.

"It was much better," he said, "and it was there for the whole game. It was a
good 60 minutes for us."

The Sharks could have made it a little easier on themselves by putting away at
least three glorious chances, but that's the way things often are in the final
game of a three-in-three weekend. There's not always enough energy left to
finish what you start.

Freddie Hamilton hit a post from about 12 feet away with what looked like half
of the net open in the second period, Evan Trupp missed the net on a breakaway
with 40 seconds to go in that same period and Taylor Fedun put a wrist shot wide
with a lot of net to shoot at late in the third period.

Trupp has been one of Worcester's best offensive players of late, but the timing
was lousy on the breakaway. He cut straight down the slot and gave goalie Mike
McKenna a little head fake, then shot a wrist shot high and wide of the left
post.

"I was at the end of my shift and gassed," Trupp said, "and the ice was a little
chopped up near the end of the period. I probably should have just kept it
simple, but I thought I could get him moving and beat him up high. I think he
was moving, but I missed the net."

Until this season, the only Sharks goalie with a 1-0 victory to his credit, and
a 1-0 defeat on the other side, was Harri Sateri. Worcester has already added
two more goaltenders to that list this year in Anderson and Aaron Dell.

Anderson lost that 1-0 penalty-shot game to Springfield on Nov. 15.

Sunday was his ninth appearance this season. He played 21 games in the ECHL in
2013-14 and did not record a shutout, a fact that doesn't seem to bother him too
much.

"I've never been very big on shutouts," Anderson said. "The more important thing
for me is putting together consistent games. Do that, one after another, and
everything else adds up."

He did, however, have the game puck as a souvenir, sitting next to him in the
Sharks dressing room as he removed his goalie equipment.

"He was good the whole game," Sommer said of his goalie. "He made a really big
save for us, a shot from right in front, with just a couple of minutes left. If
that had gone in, who knows what could have happened."

The Sharks played five 1-0 games in their first 641, including one that was 0-0
that they won in a shootout. They have played four 1-0 games in their last 12.

In this case, they scored one and won, which is the kind of alliteration they
need these days to pick up two points.

Contact Bill Ballou at wballou@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Portland's Jordan Martinook, left, reaches in as Worcester's Freddie
Hamilton maneuvers with the puck.T&G Staff/CHRISTINE PETERSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 1, 2007 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Safeguarding the Future by Holding On to the Past

BYLINE: Mike Wise

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1017 words


Joe Gibbs could make it easier on himself if he traded Mark Brunell. Cries of
his undying loyalty to a relic pushing 37 would cease, along with the decision
whether to name Brunell the No. 2 or No. 3 quarterback. The Redskins could
finagle a late-round draft pick out of a needy team like Seattle or Atlanta.

With one transaction, the player who became a unifying symbol of discontent for
fans would go away -- presumably with all those catcalls about the No. 8 car
warming up in the pit in case Jason Campbell stalls. Moving Brunell is such an
easy call.

It also would  be the wrong move, a rash decision to please nobody but a fussy
and tired congregation. Indeed, a team official said last night on condition of
anonymity that the Redskins were keeping Brunell. If that's the case, they're
smart.

Five weeks ago, it was fair to question Brunell's name on the roster. Coming off
a season in which his body betrayed him and he was eventually benched, he was
making $1.5 million. He had garnered a reputation as the old coot that Gibbs
couldn't wait to bring off the bench to prove everybody wrong again. The more
Brunell was brought up to Gibbs, the more he simmered internally. There wasn't a
stadium large enough to hold the stubborn pride between them.

But that was before Campbell took a vicious hit in the preseason game against
Pittsburgh two weeks ago and crumpled to the field holding his knee. That was
before Chris Samuels missed all of the preseason and Todd Wade didn't quite make
the tackle-to-guard transition. That was before one of the team's lone strengths
in 2006 -- its offensive line -- became the biggest question mark before the
2007 season even began.

Anyone who saw Carson Palmer's little brother throw an interception and look
very shaky on Thursday night realizes the landscape has changed. Brunell may not
be the guy to save the season anymore, but he certainly isn't the player who's
going to ruin it either. Let's be clear: The Redskins are one injury away from
not having a backup quarterback.

Todd Collins gets my vote to replace Campbell if the kid ever goes down. After
that, there is no one. Move Brunell now and Gibbs is looking at real desperation
in the event of an injury. Vinny Testaverde gets a call in Week 6. The scramble
to sign a veteran and have him learn the system at that juncture would be a
clear indication the towel has been thrown in.

Gibbs is famous for stockpiling veterans so that he has depth at every position.
If he is indeed Mr. Overly Cautious, this is a good time to be conservative and
go against public opinion. If he really believes he can field a playoff team in
a watered-down NFC, suck up the money and keep Brunell. He's probably worth a
conditional sixth-round pick or a seventh-round pick. That's not much
compensation. That's change for change's sake.

There will be a  bunch of people who condemn such thinking, who believe Gibbs
needed to cut this cord  a long time ago. Some have made the Gibbs-Brunell
connection out to be a much deeper issue than just a senior citizen coach
identifying with a battle-scarred veteran.

Two years ago, this was posted on a fan Web site: "If Joe Gibbs starts Mark
Brunell next Sunday, it will confirm what I have thought since the day we signed
the inept quarterback. . . . One fervent Christian favoring another fervent
Christian. Time to break the loyalty, Joe. This isn't church, it's football, and
Mark Brunell is the biggest mistake you ever made."

And who can forget the beginning of their relationship at an airport in 2004?
Gibbs told Brunell he was a diabetic and he was having a reaction. He had an
insulin imbalance and had taken the wrong dosage. He needed to be driven to a
hospital. Brunell drove to an emergency room, where his future coach was given
the correct dosage and was observed for a couple of hours. They talked football
and life in that emergency room.

Who wouldn't give anyone the benefit of the doubt if that was their shared life
experience? An authentic bond was forged.

But whatever favoritism he did show toward Brunell has been replaced by a
sobering thought: Gibbs's legacy -- winning again -- takes precedence over a
relationship with a player. It's why Collins has taken most of the snaps in the
preseason and Brunell's name is being bandied about in the rumor mill. I believe
Gibbs's undying faith in Brunell is less about religion and commonality and more
about how Gibbs says the word "guts."

Brunell to Gibbs is John Starks to Pat Riley. In fact, they were probably both 2
for 18 at some point. Starks represented grit and gumption and belief to Riley,
who infamously refused to bench the mercurial Knicks guard in Game 7 of the 1994
NBA Finals despite Starks's continued misses from the perimeter. Riley admitted
to me years later that he probably should have gone to his bench and used
Rolando Blackman. But something about Starks's heart made him stick with the
misfiring gunner in the Knicks' best shot to win a title in 20-odd years. "I
just thought he was going to finally make one," he said.

Brunell never got that far, but he did somehow find a way to take Gibbs back to
the postseason in 2005, irrespective of those who believe Brunell actually
hampered more than helped the offense.

None of Gibbs's players elicit more of a negative reaction from fans than
Brunell. And yet here he is, grinning through his craggy features, less than a
month away from 37 years old, his cleats clackety-clacking against the Ashburn
pavement at the team's training facilities.

"Don't move Mark Brunell" are four words I never saw myself typing. Maybe I'm
brainwashed by that game in Dallas two years ago, when Santana Moss ran under
two beautiful spirals to shellshock the Cowboys in a matter of minutes.

All I know is, Jordan Palmer is practice squad material right now. Todd Collins
knows the system. But if you're Joe Gibbs, do you want to go into the season
with your only other legitimate backup not having started an NFL regular season
game since the Clinton administration?

Mark Brunell is not going to sabotage the season or retard Campbell's
development. He is needed insurance.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By John Mcdonnell -- The Washington Post; Mark Brunell will at
the least provide veteran starting experience.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Fans cheer ex-Ray Shields in return to Trop

BYLINE: TBO.com staff

SECTION: News; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 401 words


Pitcher James Shields received quite the welcome from Tampa Bay fans in his
first return to Tropicana Field since being traded by the Rays to the Kansas
City Royals in the offseason.

A video montage was played on the scoreboard followed by a Thanks for the
memories message that drew a standing ovation from the fans.

Shields, a former All-Star, was shown live on the scoreboard as he tipped his
cap to the crowd and tapped his chest in appreciation.

It's likely the most fans will see of the former Rays ace during the four-game
homestand.

Shields, 31, does not have a scheduled start during the series, but he said he
will treat it as a homecoming vacation, having brought his family with him along
for the trip.

I tried to finagle the schedule a little bit to come pitch against these guys,
Shields joked.

Shields did get to face off against his former team Thursday, in a matter of
speaking, though. On Thursday afternoon as he put on a batting helmet and
stepped into the batter's box to face former teammate and close friend David
Price during a simulated game. Price has been on the disabled list since May 16
with a strained triceps.

Over seven seasons, Shields became a veteran leader in the Tampa Bay clubhouse
in addition to being a stalwart on the mound. He was an All-Star two years ago,
when he went 16-12 with a 2.82 ERA and finished third in the American League Cy
Young Award voting, and was 15-10 with a 3.52 ERA in 33 starts last season, when
he pitched 227 2/3 innings -- his sixth consecutive year of at least 200 innings
pitched.

He started against Tampa Bay in Kansas City on April 30, going seven innings and
allowing two runs in an 8-2 victory. Overall, Shields has a 2.79 ERA and with 90
strikeouts but at 2-6 has been victimized at times by a lack of offensive
support.

Shields, pitcher Wade Davis and infielder Elliot Johnson were traded Dec. 9 to
Kansas City for phenom outfielder prospect Wil Myers, pitchers Jake Odorizzi and
Mike Montgomery, and third baseman Patrick Leonard. Shields was due to $10.5
million this season, deemed too much for the Rays' payroll.

All three former Rays have contributed for Kansas City, including Johnson, the
catalyst of an eight-run sixth inning in Thursday's 10-1 victory over Tampa Bay.

Davis (3-5, 5.37 ERA) is the scheduled starter for Kansas City for Sunday
afternoon's game at the Trop. It will be the first time the Rays have faced
Davis this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Fans cheer ex-Ray Shields in return to Trop

BYLINE: TBO.com staff

SECTION: News; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 401 words


Pitcher James Shields received quite the welcome from Tampa Bay fans in his
first return to Tropicana Field since being traded by the Rays to the Kansas
City Royals in the offseason.

A video montage was played on the scoreboard followed by a Thanks for the
memories message that drew a standing ovation from the fans.

Shields, a former All-Star, was shown live on the scoreboard as he tipped his
cap to the crowd and tapped his chest in appreciation.

It's likely the most fans will see of the former Rays ace during the four-game
homestand.

Shields, 31, does not have a scheduled start during the series, but he said he
will treat it as a homecoming vacation, having brought his family with him along
for the trip.

I tried to finagle the schedule a little bit to come pitch against these guys,
Shields joked.

Shields did get to face off against his former team Thursday, in a matter of
speaking, though. On Thursday afternoon as he put on a batting helmet and
stepped into the batter's box to face former teammate and close friend David
Price during a simulated game. Price has been on the disabled list since May 16
with a strained triceps.

Over seven seasons, Shields became a veteran leader in the Tampa Bay clubhouse
in addition to being a stalwart on the mound. He was an All-Star two years ago,
when he went 16-12 with a 2.82 ERA and finished third in the American League Cy
Young Award voting, and was 15-10 with a 3.52 ERA in 33 starts last season, when
he pitched 227 2/3 innings -- his sixth consecutive year of at least 200 innings
pitched.

He started against Tampa Bay in Kansas City on April 30, going seven innings and
allowing two runs in an 8-2 victory. Overall, Shields has a 2.79 ERA and with 90
strikeouts but at 2-6 has been victimized at times by a lack of offensive
support.

Shields, pitcher Wade Davis and infielder Elliot Johnson were traded Dec. 9 to
Kansas City for phenom outfielder prospect Wil Myers, pitchers Jake Odorizzi and
Mike Montgomery, and third baseman Patrick Leonard. Shields was due to $10.5
million this season, deemed too much for the Rays' payroll.

All three former Rays have contributed for Kansas City, including Johnson, the
catalyst of an eight-run sixth inning in Thursday's 10-1 victory over Tampa Bay.

Davis (3-5, 5.37 ERA) is the scheduled starter for Kansas City for Sunday
afternoon's game at the Trop. It will be the first time the Rays have faced
Davis this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

El Cerrito Journal letters to the editor: The tentacles of corporate power;
earthquake highlights need for area hospital

BYLINE: BAY AREA NEWS GROUP

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1120 words


Chevron a wily corporation

In addition to financing the campaigns of local politicians, Chevron does
million-dollar sweet things all over the East Bay. So people love Chevron.

But, that wily corporation then finagles hundreds of millions of dollars in tax
breaks and property devaluations that primarily affect the ability of local
governments to fulfill the needs of their constituents.

Chevron's strategy ensures it always has some friendly politicians, and that
prominent and influential people, especially in charities and education, are
dependent on Chevron for their programs. Thus, they (understandably) sing the
praises of their benefactor.

These are the tentacles of power -- pulling us the wrong way.

Let's not forget that Chevron's primary motivation is to make money by refining
increasingly toxic oil sources, and is spending billions to do this. This is not
planet- or life-friendly energy investment.

If cloudy, high-latitude Germany makes solar its priority, the sunny United
States surely can also.

John Irminger

Albany

Stay out of local problems

The federal Department of Justice has no business in Ferguson, Missouri.

The death of the young man was a horrible tragedy, but it is a local problem.
The Obama administration will always create a racism event when such a death
occurs.

I'm so sorry that this beating of Officer Darren Wilson and the shooting death
of Michael Brown had to happen. But the bottom line is that what happened is a
local problem. Keep the federal government out of our local communities.

Unfortunately, all the media hype caused the looting and destruction in the
Ferguson community. We know that many of the businesses will never return and
the property values lost more than $700 million.

The family of the Michael Brown is suffering and the community of Ferguson will
never be the same. How terrible! Why did this have to happen?

Mike Vukelich

El Cerrito

Young criminal clearly at fault

Why do we worship a 6-foot, 4-inch teen criminal who robbed a store, assaulted a
store clerk and beat a cop?

The cop tried to protect himself from being physically attacked by this
marijuana doped-up giant criminal. The cop shot him six times, mostly in the
right arm, while the criminal was trying to get the cop's gun.

The media will not print the truth, thus, causing riots and looting.

Why do we elect a president who promotes this kind of violence?

Bruno Romano

El Cerrito

Need for DMC more apparent

The Napa earthquake sent more than 200 people to hospitals.

What if that quake had hit at 3 p.m. on a weekday in the area Doctors Medical
Center serves -- Crockett to El Cerrito? Children would have been in school,
people at work or shopping, resulting in untold injuries.

DMC no longer accepts patients requiring an ambulance. Let's explore the worst
case scenario, a major earthquake. Where would these people go? Kaiser Richmond,
with limited emergency-room beds? Or Alta Bates in Berkeley; ever try getting
there via Ashby Avenue any time of the day? Should those needing immediate care
cross the Carquinez Bridge to Sutter or Kaiser in Vallejo?

Presently, those living in the area served by DMC are at risk. It's a fact that
the sooner patients are seen in the ER in cases stroke or heart attack, the
better the outcome. Such emergencies take place daily.

I, and others, voted against another tax increase to support DMC, which was a
shortsighted mistake. So how do we fix this? Our local politicians and medical
professionals must find a solution.

Bill Miller

Pinole

Angry response is fitting

In his Aug. 29 letter, Richard Elliot, in warning us against emotional response
to the Israeli massacre in Gaza and counseling reason, overlooks important facts
informing a reasoned analysis.

He seems never to have heard of international law, war crimes or, specifically,
the crime of collective punishment. To describe Gaza's civilians being caught in
"crossfire" is fantasy. Unbelievable. What crossfire can occur when F-16s drop
2000 lb bombs (five of them) to kill a Hamas military leader, murdering his wife
and two children along with unnamed and unidentified others?

Elliot could not have been paying attention. But a horrified world witnessed an
atrocity where a population, defenseless against modern airborne precision
weapons and heavy artillery, was relentlessly assaulted for 60 days. It was a
war crime: collective punishment that was directed at producing civilian
casualties and disrupting the infrastructure for their life support.

For anyone with a milligram of humanity, an angry emotional response directed at
Israel is fitting. Some 250 Holocaust survivors and their descendants recently
published an advertisement in The New York Times expressing their outrage at
Israel's "wholesale effort to destroy Gaza and the murder of nearly 2,000
Palestinians, including many hundreds of children. Nothing can justify bombing
U.N. shelters, homes, hospitals and universities. Nothing can justify depriving
people of electricity and water."

It is a source of shame and embarrassment for me, as a U.S. citizen, that our
Congress and national administration, rather than expressing outrage and
condemnation, almost unanimously abet Israel's criminality, both with our tax
money and unwavering political support.

Larry Waldron

Berkeley

Alameda Food Bank fills need

I wish to thank the Times for its article about the Alameda County Community
Food Bank.

Good Shepherd Episcopal Church in Berkeley prepares bag lunches every Monday
morning for the trabajores (day laborers) who wait for work in the shape-up
areas outside of Truitt & White and other local lumber companies.

We were doing this before we joined the food bank, and were constantly begging
for money, discounts and help. We make from a low of 70 bag lunches now, when
work is available, to about 120 bag lunches in midwinter.

Two local bakeries, Semifreddi and Acme, provide us with donations of gourmet
bread. Local gardeners provide us with fresh lettuce and basil. Two of our seven
regular volunteers are church members, the rest are from the community. Most of
the volunteers are low income, but they want to help others who are younger and
more needy.

With the low cost tuna fish and free fruit and snack foods from the Alameda
County Community Food Bank, we can self fund all the other costs, such as paper
bags, sandwich bags and transportation.

Without Food Bank training, supplies and encouragement, we might have found this
too much of a burden. But thanks to them, at least 70 low-income working men get
one good meal a week and their families get extra fruit to eat the rest of the
week. The need is everywhere, and the Food Bank, along with local businesses and
individuals who donate their surplus food, helps to fill the need.

Teddy Knight

Berkeley

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

El Cerrito Journal letters to the editor: The tentacles of corporate power;
earthquake highlights need for area hospital

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1120 words


Chevron a wily corporation

In addition to financing the campaigns of local politicians, Chevron does
million-dollar sweet things all over the East Bay. So people love Chevron.

But, that wily corporation then finagles hundreds of millions of dollars in tax
breaks and property devaluations that primarily affect the ability of local
governments to fulfill the needs of their constituents.

Chevron's strategy ensures it always has some friendly politicians, and that
prominent and influential people, especially in charities and education, are
dependent on Chevron for their programs. Thus, they (understandably) sing the
praises of their benefactor.

These are the tentacles of power -- pulling us the wrong way.

Let's not forget that Chevron's primary motivation is to make money by refining
increasingly toxic oil sources, and is spending billions to do this. This is not
planet- or life-friendly energy investment.

If cloudy, high-latitude Germany makes solar its priority, the sunny United
States surely can also.

John Irminger

Albany

Stay out of local problems

The federal Department of Justice has no business in Ferguson, Missouri.

The death of the young man was a horrible tragedy, but it is a local problem.
The Obama administration will always create a racism event when such a death
occurs.

I'm so sorry that this beating of Officer Darren Wilson and the shooting death
of Michael Brown had to happen. But the bottom line is that what happened is a
local problem. Keep the federal government out of our local communities.

Unfortunately, all the media hype caused the looting and destruction in the
Ferguson community. We know that many of the businesses will never return and
the property values lost more than $700 million.

The family of the Michael Brown is suffering and the community of Ferguson will
never be the same. How terrible! Why did this have to happen?

Mike Vukelich

El Cerrito

Young criminal clearly at fault

Why do we worship a 6-foot, 4-inch teen criminal who robbed a store, assaulted a
store clerk and beat a cop?

The cop tried to protect himself from being physically attacked by this
marijuana doped-up giant criminal. The cop shot him six times, mostly in the
right arm, while the criminal was trying to get the cop's gun.

The media will not print the truth, thus, causing riots and looting.

Why do we elect a president who promotes this kind of violence?

Bruno Romano

El Cerrito

Need for DMC more apparent

The Napa earthquake sent more than 200 people to hospitals.

What if that quake had hit at 3 p.m. on a weekday in the area Doctors Medical
Center serves -- Crockett to El Cerrito? Children would have been in school,
people at work or shopping, resulting in untold injuries.

DMC no longer accepts patients requiring an ambulance. Let's explore the worst
case scenario, a major earthquake. Where would these people go? Kaiser Richmond,
with limited emergency-room beds? Or Alta Bates in Berkeley; ever try getting
there via Ashby Avenue any time of the day? Should those needing immediate care
cross the Carquinez Bridge to Sutter or Kaiser in Vallejo?

Presently, those living in the area served by DMC are at risk. It's a fact that
the sooner patients are seen in the ER in cases stroke or heart attack, the
better the outcome. Such emergencies take place daily.

I, and others, voted against another tax increase to support DMC, which was a
shortsighted mistake. So how do we fix this? Our local politicians and medical
professionals must find a solution.

Bill Miller

Pinole

Angry response is fitting

In his Aug. 29 letter, Richard Elliot, in warning us against emotional response
to the Israeli massacre in Gaza and counseling reason, overlooks important facts
informing a reasoned analysis.

He seems never to have heard of international law, war crimes or, specifically,
the crime of collective punishment. To describe Gaza's civilians being caught in
"crossfire" is fantasy. Unbelievable. What crossfire can occur when F-16s drop
2000 lb bombs (five of them) to kill a Hamas military leader, murdering his wife
and two children along with unnamed and unidentified others?

Elliot could not have been paying attention. But a horrified world witnessed an
atrocity where a population, defenseless against modern airborne precision
weapons and heavy artillery, was relentlessly assaulted for 60 days. It was a
war crime: collective punishment that was directed at producing civilian
casualties and disrupting the infrastructure for their life support.

For anyone with a milligram of humanity, an angry emotional response directed at
Israel is fitting. Some 250 Holocaust survivors and their descendants recently
published an advertisement in The New York Times expressing their outrage at
Israel's "wholesale effort to destroy Gaza and the murder of nearly 2,000
Palestinians, including many hundreds of children. Nothing can justify bombing
U.N. shelters, homes, hospitals and universities. Nothing can justify depriving
people of electricity and water."

It is a source of shame and embarrassment for me, as a U.S. citizen, that our
Congress and national administration, rather than expressing outrage and
condemnation, almost unanimously abet Israel's criminality, both with our tax
money and unwavering political support.

Larry Waldron

Berkeley

Alameda Food Bank fills need

I wish to thank the Times for its article about the Alameda County Community
Food Bank.

Good Shepherd Episcopal Church in Berkeley prepares bag lunches every Monday
morning for the trabajores (day laborers) who wait for work in the shape-up
areas outside of Truitt & White and other local lumber companies.

We were doing this before we joined the food bank, and were constantly begging
for money, discounts and help. We make from a low of 70 bag lunches now, when
work is available, to about 120 bag lunches in midwinter.

Two local bakeries, Semifreddi and Acme, provide us with donations of gourmet
bread. Local gardeners provide us with fresh lettuce and basil. Two of our seven
regular volunteers are church members, the rest are from the community. Most of
the volunteers are low income, but they want to help others who are younger and
more needy.

With the low cost tuna fish and free fruit and snack foods from the Alameda
County Community Food Bank, we can self fund all the other costs, such as paper
bags, sandwich bags and transportation.

Without Food Bank training, supplies and encouragement, we might have found this
too much of a burden. But thanks to them, at least 70 low-income working men get
one good meal a week and their families get extra fruit to eat the rest of the
week. The need is everywhere, and the Food Bank, along with local businesses and
individuals who donate their surplus food, helps to fill the need.

Teddy Knight

Berkeley

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 19, 2009 Saturday

ACORN'S ENABLERS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 295 words


Most Democrats are running as fast as they can from ACORN - which says a lot
about those who aren't.

Yesterday, for instance, Gov. Paterson froze all state contracts with the
hard-left community group, pending a review.

This in the wake of the video-sting scandal in which ACORN staffers in four
cities (including its Brooklyn office) gave a pair of undercover activists,
posing as a pimp and a prostitute, advice on how to finagle housing loans for a
"brothel" featuring underage girls.

Brooklyn DA Charles Hynes and Attorney General Andrew Cuomo have opened criminal
probes, and Comptroller Tom DiNapoli is flagging ACORN money. Plus, the House
and Senate voted overwhelmingly to halt ACORN funding.

Yet, stunningly, 75 House members (all Dems, natch) voted to keep the spigot
open, including eight from the city: Joe Crowley, Eliot Engel, Greg Meeks, Jerry
Nadler, Charlie Rangel, José Serrano, Edolphus Towns and Nydia Velazquez.
(Yvette Clarke skipped the vote.)

Just as New York's Sen. Kirsten Jello-Brand . . . er, Gillibrand, was one of
only seven senators to back more federal cash for ACORN, unlike Sen. Chuck
Schumer.

Nadler even called a cutoff of funds illegal - as if the group somehow enjoyed a
constitutional right to federal cash.

And the state Senate - which, along with the Assembly, has earmarked some
$900,000 for ACORN's housing arm over the last four years - was also in no hurry
to take act.

Like Gillibrand, most of those who prefer to keep ACORN's money flowing
regularly enjoy the support of its close affiliate - the union-backed Working
Families Party.

It makes you wonder, though: Is there any level of corruption, crime and sleaze
that would be too much for even New York's Dems? Alas, probably not.

And that is pathetic, indeed.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            August 25, 2006, Friday

Movie Guide

SECTION: FEATURES, WEEKEND; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 613 words


New in Theaters

Beerfest (R)

Director: Jay Chandrasekhar. With Jay Chandrasekhar, Will Forte. (110 min.)

The Broken Lizard comedy troupe returns to the big screen with a film that is,
impossibly, even more sophomoric than their seminal "Super Troopers." After
disgracing themselves at a massive drinking contest during Munich's Oktoberfest,
two brothers assemble the ultimate drinking team. They return to Germany the
following year to reclaim their pride - by losing their dignity. Grade: C-

- Matt Bradley

How to Eat Fried Worms (PG)

Director: Bob Dolman. With Luke Benward, Hallie Kate Eisenberg. (98 min.)

New fifth-grader Billy (Benward) gets on the wrong side of the class bully, who
finagles Billy into betting he can eat 10 worms in 12 hours. The wager's loser
must come to school with his pants full of worms. This unpromising set-up
actually leads into an entertaining look into male posturing, overcoming new-kid
syndrome, and a lesson on standing up for yourself and keeping your word. Grade:
B-

- M.K. Terrell

Sex/Nudity: 1 instance of innuendo. Violence: 3 instances. Profanity: 1 mild
theological expression. Drugs/Alcohol/Tobacco: 1 instance of drinking.

Idlewild (R)

Director: Bryan Barber. With Terrence Howard, Andre Benjamin, Big Boi. (90 min.)

The headline singer in a 1930s small-town Georgia speakeasy (Big Boi) inherits
the club - along with its debts and enemies - when a small-time hood (Howard)
shoots the owners. A new singer in town (Paula Patton) teams up with the club's
piano player (Benjamin) to breathe new life into the place. This musical's
uncertain blend of rap and 1930s jazz never completely jells (the hip
hop-singing cuckoo clocks go overboard), but the lovely sepia-toned photography
lends period flavor, and the whole thing wraps up with a Busby Berkeley-style
production number. Grade: C+

- M.K.T.

Sex/Nudity: 5 instances of innuendo, 1 brief instance of seminudity, 2 sex
scenes. Violence: 11 instances. Profanity: 61 expressions, including 27 harsh.
Drugs/Alcohol/Tobacco: 26 scenes of smoking and/or drinking and drug use.

Invincible (PG)

Director: Ericson Core. With Mark Wahlberg, Greg Kinnear. (128 min.)

In 1976 the Philadelphia Eagles football team was at its lowest point ever. New
Head Coach Dick Vermeil (Kinnear) tried to spark interest by holding open
tryouts. Out of hundreds of hopefuls, part-time bartender and substitute school
teacher Vince Papale (Wahlberg) was the only candidate to make the team,
although he'd never played in college. Vermeil picked him because he had
"heart." This fictionalized version of Papale's story is filled with the usual
sports cliches, but it also has, well, heart. Grade: B

- M.K.T.

Sex/Nudity: 1 instance of mildly implied sex. Violence: 8 scenes. Profanity: 5
mild expressions. Drugs/Alcohol/Tobacco: 7 scenes with drinking.

Still in Release

Snakes on a Plane (R)

Director: David Ellis. With Samuel L. Jackson, Benjamin McKenzie, Julianna
Margulies. (106 min.)

If ever a movie lived up to its name, this is it. FBI Agent Neville Flynn
(Jackson, in a subtle self-parody) is escorting a surfer, who witnessed a
gangland slaying in Hawaii, to testify in Los Angeles. The mob sneaks hundreds
of drugged snakes aboard their plane, timed to be released mid-flight.
Fast-paced editing helps keep audiences from asking obvious questions: If the
snakes get loose in the cargo hold, how can they be dropping from the ceiling
and slithering out of toilets? Grade: D+

- M.K.T.

Sex/Nudity: 4 scenes of innuendo, 1 sex scene with seminudity. Violence: 26
instances. Profanity: 28 strong epxressions, 29 milder. 1 scene with smoking, 1
with drinking, 1 with marijuana use.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 12, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

SERGEANT TRYING TO FILL TALL ORDER FOR CHARITY

BYLINE: Theresa Tighe Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 400 words


His wife thinks it's nuts.

His children think it's neat.

You may have seen him.

St. Louis Police Sgt. Rich Banahan is the guy in the red-and-blue sweats and
hard hat camped out on a billboard catwalk five stories above Interstate 170
near Page Boulevard.

Banahan is trying to raise $ 30,000 for the Missouri Special Olympics. Since
climbing up at 8 a.m. Tuesday, he has weathered rain, wind and lightning and got
more than $ 17,000 in pledges.

Banahan is so afraid of heights that he finagles friends into fixing his roof.
He'll be pretty depressed when he ends his four-day sit-in today if he hasn't
reached his goal.

Meanwhile, except for breaks at a portable toilet parked about 10 feet to east,
Banahan is working a cellular phone. He's calling old friends and random numbers
from the phone book, seeking donations. Ameritech, a cellular services company,
owns the billboard.

When Banahan sleeps - that's about two hours a night - he crawls inside the
billboard and snuggles up in a sleeping bag.

Banahan has raised about $ 60,000 over the last five years for the Missouri
Special Olympics, which serves mentally disabled youths and adults. His other
tactics included a trivia night and T-shirt sales.

Banahan got the idea for the high-in-the-sky campout from other cops in other
places who lived on billboards for charity. Banahan upped the ante by increasing
the financial goal. About $ 10,000 is the most anyone else has tried for.

His wife, Joy Banahan, approves of the cause. She introduced him to Special
Olympics' needs. While on a date in college, he helped her take a group of
adolescent special education students to the movies.

The St. Louis Police Department has worked with the Missouri Special Olympics
every year for the last decade.

"I'm very proud of him. I just think there is an easier way to make this money,"
Joy Banahan said.

Banahan's children - Mollie, 16, and Kyle, 12 - have liked the idea ever since
they heard there is an outside chance they will get to help bring Dad down in a
cherry picker. So far, Dad has vetoed the cherry picker. "I think I'll be
delirious by then. I'd have to climb over the rail," Banahan said.

No matter how he comes down. Banahan wants off. Anyone who wishes to pledge help
can call 973-9727 from Missouri or (618) 973-9727 from Illinois.

If you want to talk to Rich Banahan, the number is 314-414-RICH.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo By Scott Dine/Post-Dispatch - Police Sgt. Rich Banahan
gets a good look at traffic from his billboard perch on Interstate 170 near Page
Boulevard. He vows to stay until he raises $ 30,000 for the Missouri Special
Olympics.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            April 12, 1997, Saturday

MUDDLE OF GAY PASTORS

BYLINE: CARY McMULLEN The Ledger

SECTION: Life; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 802 words


On Mar. 18, ministers and elders in the presbyteries of Miami and Charlotte
voted to approve an amendment to the constitution of the Presbyterian Church (
USA). They were the 86th and 87th presbyteries -- regional governing bodies --
to approve it, thus ensuring it will be added to the church's Book of Order.

The amendment, designated "B" because it was among a set of amendments under
consideration, stipulates that officers must live "in obedience to Scripture and
in conformity to the historic confessional standards of the church. Among these
standards is the requirement to live either in fidelity within the covenant of
marriage of a man and a woman, or chastity in singleness. Persons refusing to
repent of any self-acknowledged practice which the confessions call sin shall
not be ordained and/or installed as deacons, elders or ministers of the Word and
Sacrament."

The practical effect is to ban the ordination of homsexuals.

The drafters and supporters of the amendment have been careful to say, Ahem,
well, since heterosexual adultery and promiscuity is at least as serious a
problem as homosexuality, we'll fix all our problems with one paragraph.
Discipline, that's what we need!

That may be so, but everyone knows the truth: if it hadn't been for a small but
persistent movement that tried to finagle gays and lesbians into ordained
offices (against the clear wishes of a majority of church members, it should be
noted), heterosexual ministers and elders would have gladly let the issue go
begging of disciplining their more lascivious brothers and sisters.

Think not? I once witnessed a presbytery meeting in which a minister who had
been having an affair was transferred to another presbytery upon the
recommendation of a committee that oversees ministers and surely knew what was
going on. Rather than deal with the guy, they passed him on. On the surface it
looked like a routine transfer. No one spoke out, and only one minister voted
against the cover-up.

A friend of mine who is a presbytery staff executive said such things have been
common for years. And if ministers' hanky-panky was ignored, how much more was
that of elders and deacons?

But just let one openly-gay person express a desire to become a minister and you
would think that all the forces of hell had been unleashed against the church.

Such double-standard hypocrisy does not help us get through this issue, which
desperately cries out for serious debate. As John Burgess wrote recently in The
Christian Century, neither side has been able to convince the other. That's
because the exchanges have gone something like this (with apologies to Dave
Barry):

OPPONENTS OF THE AMENDMENT: You're excluding these poor, discriminated-against
children of God, you mean-spirited Neanderthals!

PROPENENTS: You're condoning practices which are an offense in the nostrils of
God, you fuzzy-brained wussies!

Count me as somewhere in the middle.

I have some firsthand knowledge of this controversy because I am Presbyterian
and I participated in a presbytery meeting in December at which Amendment B was
debated and voted upon. The discussion was restrained, although statements never
broke out of ideological molds.

(By the way, appealing to simple biblical prohibitions may not help much. Right
next to the verse in Leviticus condemning homsexuals to be stoned is a verse
prescribing the same fate for someone who curses a parent. I have yet to see
ordination withheld from a person because he called his father an s.o.b.)

In the end, I found myself (along with most others, I suspect) reluctantly
favoring the amendment.

Reluctantly, because of personal experience. Some years ago I was friends with a
man whom I later learned was gay. We met at church and as far as I could tell he
was as faithful a believer as I was.

It gives me pause that I may be ordained and he, if he enjoys human
companionship as I do, may not.

Okay, so companionship isn't the issue. Conservatives insist that behavior is
the issue and it's true that we have no other grounds on which to make moral
decisions except on what we do. What in the end convinced me to support the
amendment is that its opponents -- gay and straight -- seem unwilling to say we
can make moral decisions at all. "Judge not, lest ye be judged," they quote.

But when quoted this way, Jesus comes off looking like an American guru saying
with a shrug, "Do your own thing, as long as doesn't hurt anyone."

I could be wrong. I'm willing to be persuaded otherwise. But sooner or later we
all have to make choices. Or at least we should make them, even if we're
mistaken.

Otherwise we end up in a moral muddle.

Cary McMullen covers religion for The Ledger. He has a master's degree in
religion and a divinity degree from Duke University.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1997 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday

Crown Vics out of production, but 'beefy sedan' still loved by cops

BYLINE: Lyda Longa, Lyda Longa lyda.longa@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 700  words


THEOF A PATROL CAR ERA

DAYTONA BEACH -- The Crown Victoria no longer reigns in the future of the Ford
Motor Company, but for many a local cop, the big beefy Victoria is still queen.

Many police agencies in both Volusia and Flagler counties still count on the
four-door behemoths to carry their sworn personnel and their prisoners, and
equipment from point A to point B in a 17- foot, 2-ton sedan synonymous with law
enforcement.

The last of the Crown Vics -- as the Crown Victoria Police Interceptor is fondly
called -- rolled off the assembly line in 2011 after consumers demanded cars
that guzzled less gas. According to car magazine reports, the Crown Victoria,
with its V8 engine, only gets about 24 miles per gallon on the highway.

But that doesn't matter to law enforcement officers like Sgt. Keith Peck of the
Volusia County Sheriff's Office.

A 20-year veteran of the agency, Peck has never driven anything other than a
Crown Victoria.

"I managed to finagle my way into this Crown Victoria," Peck said. "The car is
for extraditions, long trips. It's a rear-wheel drive and its wider and roomier.
It's a 2010 and has just over 100,000 miles on it and it drives like a champ.

"I'll drive it until they make me give it up," said Peck, the patrol supervisor
for the sheriff's southeast district.

Peck said the Sheriff's Office started using Chevy Impalas, a car he says he
would rather not drive.

But he may not have to.

Sheriff's spokesman Gary Davidson said there are 139 Crown Vics left in
Volusia's fleet.

In South Daytona just over half of the fleet is made up of Crown Victorias, said
Acting Police Chief Ron Wright. Out of 21 cars, 11 are Crown Vics.

One of them belongs to Sgt. Mark Cheatham, and, like Peck, Cheatham is not a
Chevy man.

"I don't like that they're switching to Chevys," Cheatham said. "I like mine
(Crown Victoria). It's a 2006. It doesn't have the pickup that it used to, but
it's still a workhorse. I'll drive it until they give me a new one or this one
falls apart."

That sentiment is not unique, not only among local officers, but throughout the
country where many police officers are bemoaning theof an era.

"I was sad to see it go," said Holly Hill Police Chief Mark Barker, whose agency
has 15 Crown Victorias left. "The car is a big, beefy sedan that hits all the
high points of what you want in a police vehicle."

One of those high points is comfort, said Barker, for officers who must spend 12
to 15 hours of their days driving. The chief said it's not unusual to see a few
Crown Vics with more than 150,000 miles on the odometer.

"We press those cars into service 24 hours a day," Barker said.

According to a Ford website, the Crown Victoria first rolled onto the scene in
1932. At that time the car was simply called Victoria, in honor of the English
queen and was a cross between a sedan and a two-door coupe. Soon, collectors
began calling the car "Vicky."

In the 1950s the name was changed to Crown Victoria and the car was a flashy,
two-door hardtop that was instantly recognizable because of a broad chrome band
that "crowned" its roof, the website says.

The "Crown Victoria" name wasn't used again until the 1980 model year, when it
was chosen as the name for Ford's top-of-the-line, full-size, four-door sedan in
the United States.

In 1992, the Crown Victoria was substantially redesigned to reflect the new
"aero" design trend of the time. It received an all- new body and a new engine
that was both powerful and efficient, and its suspension was modified for even
greater strength, the Ford web site says.

It was obvious that the car -- which seats six people -- would soon become a
favorite for families, taxi cab companies and, of course, police.

The Flagler County Sheriff's Office has 99 they still use, said Lt. Bob Weber,
and Ormond Beach's Police Department has 39, said Officer Keith Feder. Daytona
Beach police have 85 Crown Victorias, said spokesman Jimmie Flynt.

Unlike his gear-head colleagues, though, Daytona Beach Capt. Jim Newcomb does
not believe anyone should have an emotional attachment to a vehicle -- not even
a Crown Victoria.

"I mean, it's a good car," Newcomb said regarding his 2008 unmarked Crown Vic.
"It carries all your equipment and your prisoners."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           December 27, 2012 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

'PARENTAL GUIDANCE' VEERS BETWEEN CRASS AND SUGARY

BYLINE: Rob Thomas

SECTION: 77 SQUARE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 665 words


There's a moment in "Parental Guidance" that surely was as uncomfortable for
Billy Crystal to film as it is to watch.

Crystal plays washed-up former minor-league announcer Artie Decker, who, in an
act of desperation, finagles an audition to do play-by-play for a skateboard
competition at the X Games. Fifty-eight-year-old Artie shows up to the audition
in sunglasses, hoodie, and whatever else middle-aged men think the kids are
wearing these days, and awkwardly tries to drop lingo like "halfpipe" and
"gnarly" into his patter. It's painful.

The parallels had to hurt. Crystal was a huge movie star in the '80s and '90s
with hits like "City Slickers" and "When Harry Met Sally." But Oscar hosting
gigs notwithstanding, he stumbled on the bridge to the 21st century with
"America's Sweethearts" and "Analyze That," and hasn't starred in a movie in 10
years. And here he is now, playing the out-of-touch grandpa in a witless family
comedy that veers between crass and sugary. Analyze that, why don't you.

Artie and his wife Diane (Bette Midler, also a long time between hits) are
called to fly from Fresno to Atlanta to watch their daughter Alice (Marisa
Tomei)'s three kids while she and her husband (Tom Everett Scott) go to a
business conference in Hilton Head. Artie and Diane fear that they're "the other
grandparents" in the family, and jump at the chance to connect with their
grandkids.

The major joke of the film is the culture clash between Artie and Diane's
old-school parenting and Alice's touchy-feely helicopter-parent style, where
"No!" becomes "Consider the consequences, honey," sugar is banned from the
house, and everyone is overscheduled with playdates and extracurriculars. The
result is a pretty unhappy bunch; 12-year-old overachiever Harper (Bailee
Madison) is freaking out about a violin recital, 8-year-old Turner (Joshua Rush)
is being picked on in school, and 5-year-old Barker (Kyle Harrison Breitkopf)
has rage issues that only his imaginary kangaroo friend can assuage.

Of course, despite a few missteps, it's Grandma and Grandpa's firm touch that
ends up fixing all the kids' problems. I originally saw "Parental Guidance" at
an AARP screening, which seemed surprising at the time for a film that's being
aimed at young kids and families. But it's really a mash note to the Baby Boomer
generation and their tireless parental wisdom - even if they can't figure out
how to work the DVR, the movie seems to say, they know kids better than their
own kids do. Which doesn't make sense in the film, since it's made clear that
Artie and Diane weren't the best parents to Alice, but whatever.

There are moments where the movie tries to nudge itself in the direction of a
more realistic family comedy in the vein of the original "Parenthood." Tomei and
Crystal in particular have a nice connection, as Artie starts to realize his
on-the-road job took its toll on his only daughter growing up. And baseball
freak Crystal manages to work in the famous "Shot Heard Round the World"
broadcast in a sweet bit of grandfather-grandson bonding with the shy Turner.

But for every moment like that, there's three dumb or gross jokes that seem
beneath Crystal and Midler; it's not much fun to watch the perennial Oscar host
take a baseball bat to the groin or vomit on a child, let alone in the same
scene. Midler retains a little more dignity as an ex-weathergirl, although why
the movie stops short so she and Crystal can perform "Book of Love" in the
kitchen is beyond me.

The most genuine moment in "Parental Guidance" occurs in the closing credits,
which feature photos of the cast and crew with their real-life families. If only
a little of that genuine affection could have been transferred over to the movie
itself.

PARENTAL GUIDANCE

* 1/2

Billy Crystal, Bette Midler

PG for rude humor

1 hour 45 minutes

Now playing at Point, Eastgate,

Star Cinema, Cinema Cafe

For fans of: "Analyze This," "Cheaper by the Dozen," wishing Jack Nicholson
would hit Billy Crystal in the groin during the Oscars

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 20TH CENTURY FOX Billy Crystal plays an ex-baseball announcer who has
to take care of his three grandkids in "Parental Guidance."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

VINCENT SHOOTS BLANKS ON BULLET

BYLINE: Mike Tighe

SECTION: ACCENT; The Grandfather Clause; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 697 words


I suppose we should have suspected that Vincent would develop a need for speed,
but it still caught us unawares when it was comin' 'round the mountain when it
come.

As I've mentioned, repeatedly, he's got a one-track mind on trains. And now, his
track is fixed on riding a bullet train. Between TV programs and DVDs and books
about trains at the library, he has discovered trains that go like the wind
instead of merely making the wind ruffle his hair, as the antique one did for
his fifth birthday party last year.

Now that the 6-year-old has ridden Amtrak from Delray to Tampa, (to his chagrin,
he had to ride back on the turnpike instead of railroad spikes) he is obsessing
about riding a bullet.

Look: Out on the rails. Faster than a speeding bullet; more powerful than a
speeding locomotive - it's a combination, a bullet train.

We relatives of the lad had better watch our backs because he was willing to
throw an uncle under the bus to finagle another Amtrak ride, so I suspect he
might throw us under the wheels of the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe.

The backstory: Vincent and his brothers and mom and GiGi rode Amtrak to Tampa
for uncle Jay's 40th birthday party. Vincent asked whyinheck they would be
riding back in their van, which dad was driving up a day later.

Melissa explained that the round trip would cost too much. Well, you know kids:
They don't know beans about costs, or care. But when confronted with a cost
issue, they can get creative at problem solving.

Vincent's question: "Could we afford it if we didn't go to Uncle Jay's party?"

So there you have it: Abandon Jay at his birthday, like the passengers had to
abandon the ship for which Jay has had a lifelong fascination, the Titanic. But
Jay fared better than the ship they had touted as unsinkable, with all hands on
deck for his party to send him off for another 40 years.

Maybe Vincent will follow in his uncle's footsteps and become enamored of the
Titanic someday, too, but it's hard to sidetrack him from trains. And Amtrak
seems tame now that he has learned about bullets.

When he first pitched going from the Sunshine State to the Land of the Rising
Sun to ride a higher caliber train, Melissa explained that Japan is too far away
and it would take too long to get there.

Of course, kids have no concept of such issues, until it's time to start
whining: "Are we there yet?" The lad has no idea how many times he'd ask that
question before they even reached the International date line.

So Melissa hauled out explanation No. 2, telling him that people there speak
Japanese and she and he don't.

No problem is too big for a little solver, who fired back: "Couldn't we just go
there and be quiet?"

When that didn't work, his mind whirled like a locomotive's climbing a steep
grade after a snowstorm until it landed on this solution: "There are bullet
trains in France! Do they speak English there?"

Still trying to drive home the idea of keeping the issue closer to home, Melissa
observed that there are fast trains here, too.

"Mommy," he said, gently, because he loves her but possibly with an exasperated
feeling that she was just sidetracking him, "there are no bullet trains in
America!"

Well, all righty then, but even that roundhouse didn't get him to the bullet
roundhouse.

As the caboose to this column, let's track down some train-related jokes,
courtesy of www.spikesys.com/trains/rr_jokes.html.

- Why can't the engineer be electrocuted?

Because he's not a conductor!

- What is a lawyer's favorite railroad?

The SOO Line.

- Why is the track gauge 4-foot-8 1/2?

Because its the mean distance between the neck and ankles of damsels in
distress.

- Why can't a steam locomotive sit down?

Because it has a tender behind (or because it's caboose is red).

- What is the difference between a school teacher and a steam locomotive?

The school teacher tells you to spit out your gum, while the locomotive says
"Choo Choo Choo!"

I guess the fact that I would pass on those jokes proves you can't take the boy
out of the man.

Mike Tighe is a copy editor at The Palm Beach Post. Mail items to him at The
Grandfather Clause, The Palm Beach Post, P.O. Box 24700, West Palm Beach, Fla.
33416-4700, or e-mail.

- mike_tighe@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 29, 2006 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

the daily buzz

BYLINE: Michael Rand, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 388 words


COMPILED BY MICHAEL RAND

TIME TO TAKE A DEEP BREATH

Most of us have some sort of association with high school or youth sports,
whether it's watching kids play, writing about kids playing or - for the younger
readers - actively participating. As such, most of us know that the vast
majority of players, parents and coaches have a healthy perspective on the games
and that the few who don't often distort the overall picture.

We lay out that premise to remind you that the following examples, all of which
occurred recently, are isolated incidents. But wow, it's been quite a stretch
for the few trying to drag the many through the mud.

- We start at Castro Valley (Calif.) High, where a group of parents has turned a
girls' basketball team into a three-ring circus. Miffed at several things about
the head coach, and not satisfied by investigations that found the coach's
actions to be in bounds, the group was able to finagle some rather interesting
restrictions, according to the San Francisco Chronicle.

Among them: The head coach will not have the final say over who makes this
year's team. A six-person panel, including the head coach, assistants, parents
and members of the community, will make those decisions.

Unbelievable. As another coach at the school noted, "What are these kids going
to do when they leave home and have a boss or professor they don't like?"

- Next, we move to Philadelphia, where police say a father, upset over the
amount of playing time his son was getting in a youth football game for
6-year-olds, pulled a .357 Magnum pistol on the boy's coach. The only good news
is no shots were fired.

- Our personal favorite comes from Willis High in Texas, where the football
coach kicked six players off the team. The crime? Giving blood at a school blood
drive. Huh? But it gets better.

The next day, the coach apologized to the players and reinstated them. But ...
the players lost their starting spots because they missed practice after the
coach told them to clean out their lockers following the blood drive incident.

"It feels like they're still being punished," one parent said.

Well, there's a reason. They are!

That would be kind of like Art Modell stealing the Browns from Cleveland, moving
them to Baltimore, then Cleveland getting a team back, except that team can't
play. Wait. In a way, that also happened.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 28, 2001 Sunday, Home Edition

Florida 24, Georgia 10: New plot, old ending vs. Florida

BYLINE: FURMAN BISHER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 745 words


Jacksonville --- University of Georgia football has moved into a new era, but
picked up on an old and discomfiting habit of crossing the Florida line --- the
state line, not the goal line. The Bulldogs and their patriots flow into Duval
County, from most all of the 159 Georgia counties, in their SUVs, their
Cadillacs, their Continentals, their fun wagons, and they camp and party, but
for 11 of the last 12 years, they have departed in gloom. And this was no
exception.

Mark Richt is the new face on the sideline, but there was no change in the
result this Saturday afternoon on the bank of the St. Johns, the river that
flows gently north. Looking across the field at Steve Spurrier is no new
experience for Richt, just the team is new. For the past 14, Richt has come
armed with the quite efficient weapons of the Florida State Seminoles, and
results have been more palatable.

Buck Belue has a history in the Georgia-Florida game deeply engraved in Bulldog
minds. Who could forget the historic pass he threw that Lindsay Scott ran into
every Georgia memory? Now a practitioner of the new broadcast science, sports
talk radio, he spoke his personal view quite firmly when he said, "We won't win
this one, we don't expect to. We just play for the future, to attract good
players, go out and get them, and come back here to win down the road."

This game was one to finagle with the emotions of both sides. Close inspection
of team statistics would indicate that the Gators won romping. Closer inspection
of the first half would indicate that a rout was building, not that they were a
team trying to dig itself out of hole after hole, a feat finally achieved when
quarterback Rex Grossman dived into the end zone from half a yard out just
before intermission.

That was desperation itself, fourth down, Georgia defenders bowing their backs
like an army guarding its fortress, the score tied 10-all. Ernest Graham, a
hardy foot soldier, fumbled a handoff but recovered in time to reach the 1.
Grossman tried a sneak and was short. Graham tried again and was stuffed.

Time out!

Spurrier convened with his warriors on the sideline, then sent them back with
the final order. Grossman, but this time, high, not low. Hence, the dive, the
score, 17-10, and Florida was never behind again, but never had the safe, warm
feeling of security.

For instance, Florida had the ball for only one offensive possession in the
third quarter, a quarter in which Georgia held the ball longer than in the
entire first half. Which, I might add, was a freak to behold itself.

Check the numbers. Florida had moved the ball at will, except where deterred by
its own indiscretions, evidenced by 81 yards in penalties, and two
interceptions. The Gators had a collection of 385 yards of offense, Georgia 112
yards, but barely took the lead on Grossman's Olympic dive.

It was Grossman himself who said, "If we eliminate the mistakes we made, it
isn't even a close game."

Even the most biased Bulldog would say the same. Even Richt, Bobby Bowden's
former field marshal of offense, said, "If we stop them there, it would have
been a tremendous momentum boost for us," speaking of the goal-line stand at the
half.

He spoke as a coach to whom statistics are just numbers, impressive only if you
win. The Gators set a record for yards accumumlated against a Georgia team,
dating back to the first time they met in moleskins and nose guards. Grossman,
the sophomore quarterback from Bloomington, Ind., and crew netted 584 yards, 407
by air, toiled and sweated to get 24 points on the board, with a 19-point spread
to cover.

"It was a funny game," Spurrier said, and he wasn't laughing. It was the kind of
game in which you expect to see him rip his famous visor to shreds. He didn't,
but the steam coming out of his ears gave him away.

It was a stunning day of autumn beauty by the river, as the game played into
twilight. No untoward events, as in days past when the game was followed by
scenes of rioting and police action. A small army of black-shirted security
persons was on hand to maintain the peace. After the game, after the players of
both sides had gathered in midfield for prayer and thanksgiving, two of them,
one from each side, were asked to pose for the cameras. They were brothers, Ryan
Fleming of Georgia, a senior, and Reid Fleming of Florida, a sophomore.

They posed and smiled beatifically, even the Bulldog Fleming in defeat.

furman@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 17, 1989, Sunday, City Edition

Victory pulls Seminoles back from the brink

BYLINE: TOM ZUCCO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: BATON ROUGE, La.



BATON ROUGE, La. - It was another of those "must win" college    football games
that just sort of materializes every week. Even now, in    the warmth of
mid-September when the season is still in its infancy,    they spring forth.

     You can bet your Pete Rose autographed sweatbands that somebody,
somewhere, needs to win a game or, by golly, the world as we know it    will
simply cease to exist.

     Saturday night's FSU-LSU game was one such contest, primarily    because
neither team had won a game this season.

     In the spirit of a so-called "must" win game, it had hype. It had    dire
consequences. It had action. It had drama. It might be made into a    series
next fall.

 There was Florida State, slinking into town with an 0-2 record and    trying to
salvage a season on the brink. Maybe, just maybe, if the    Seminoles got their
act together in time, they could finagle a trip to    a bowl game. Say, the
Copper. (Yes, there really is a Copper Bowl, and    no, the Colorado School of
Mines doesn't get an automatic bid.)        And then there was Louisiana State,
0-1 and trying to regroup after    losing its opener to Texas A&M two weeks ago.

 The Tigers, like the    Seminoles, were supposed to be unstoppable this year.
Obviously, that    was an automatic kiss of death.

     Everywhere you looked Saturday, people were using interesting and
original phrases to describe the titanic struggle. The Seminoles were    "at the
point of no return." The Tigers were "at the crossroads."

 To hear the fans tell it, the loser of the game would not only remain
winless and therefore be the brunt of countless jokes and snide    remarks, but
they would also succumb to spontaneous combustion -    bursting into flames the
moment the scoreboard clock struck 0:00.    (Presumably, the headlines the next
morning would read: Seminoles    Explode Against Tigers or vice versa.)
Inside deafening Tiger Stadium (heretofore known as the Round Mound    of
Sound), Florida State finally applied the brakes. They beat    21st-ranked LSU
31-21.

     Now, LSU has to worry about being 0-2.

     Don't be deceived; the Seminoles still have problems. Their defense    is
shoddy, their kicking game is a glaring liability, and they commit    too many
penalties for a team that's already played three games.

     But say this about Bobby's boys: they don't care that they've got    all
those problems. Until they get better, they'll just work around it.

     And something else about Florida State. This is something that    doesn't
count for anything. It's something some people probably think    is pure
nonsense. But the Seminoles never died Saturday night. They had    plenty of
chances. But they never died.

     After LSU scored two field goals and appeared to have gained    control of
the game, the Seminoles quietly pieced together an 80-yard    scoring drive,
capped by a 2-yard touchdown run by fullback Paul Moore.

     A few minutes later, just before the first half ended, Bill Mason    kicked
a 34-yard field goal and suddenly, the near-death 'Noles were    leading 10-6.

     But LSU wasn't done yet. The Tigers took the lead 21-17, partly    because
Mason would miss more than he'd make. He botched field goals of    45, 37 and 39
yards.

     But fortunately for FSU, Peter Tom Willis was there to make things
right.

     Willis, FSU's quarterback, is the antithesis of Deion Sanders. If
Sanders was "Prime Time," Willis is "Sublime Time." The fifth-year    senior
from Morris, Ala., the kid who waited since 1984 to start a    game, is about as
flashy as a plate of wet toast.

     But in his own subdued way, Willis is as effective as Neon Deion    ever
was.

     The touchdown drive he engineered midway through the fourth quarter    to
give the Seminoles a 24-21 lead was a patiently executed work of    art. It
ended with Willis' first rushing TD of his career.

     When he was finally done, his stats spoke for themselves: he    completed
25 of 35 passes for 301 yards. He threw for one touchdown,    ran for another
and had no interceptions.



 P.T. was extraordinary.

     "We made the plays, we moved the ball, we won. I guess that's    it,"
Willis, the master orator, would say later.

     But when it was over and the Seminoles had their precious first    victory,
all that really mattered was that Florida State had something    it didn't have
before:        Hope.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press, (2); LSU running back Harvey
Williams leaps over FSU defender John Wyche during the first half (ran C & T);
FSU running back Dexter Carter tries to turn the corner on Louisiana State
defender Marc Boutte in the first half (ran S only)

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Top Police Officials Are Angered by Escapes

BYLINE: By RICK ROJAS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 585 words


The woman, arrested after she was accused of skipping out on her bill at a
restaurant and shoplifting, was taken to the hospital. She had told the police
that she was pregnant and feeling ill.

But on Sunday, just after 9 p.m., Tiffany Neumann, 23, managed to finagle her
way out of her handcuffs and out of NewYork-Presbyterian/Lower Manhattan
Hospital, bypassing the police officer assigned to watch her, the authorities
said.

''She took the prison gown off and threw it to the side as she walked onto the
street,'' Robert K. Boyce, the chief of detectives, said on Monday as the search
for Ms. Neumann continued.

The specter of escape has loomed over the summer, ever since two convicted
killers fled a maximum-security prison in northern New York State, leading to a
23-day manhunt in the region's thick woods.

And in New York City, Ms. Neumann was at least the fourth person to escape from
police custody since June.

Those escapes were more like mad dashes than painstakingly planned prison
breaks, but even so, police officials acknowledged on Monday that the episodes
were disconcerting and reflected poorly on the Police Department.

''I will not tolerate as police commissioner these continued lapses in what
should be basic policing -- the care and custody of a prisoner,'' Police
Commissioner William J. Bratton said in a news conference on Monday.

In this case, James P. O'Neill, the chief of the department, said it came as a
result of ''inattentiveness and carelessness.''

''There's no excuse for it,'' Chief O'Neill said. ''It's embarrassing. She's not
a mastermind criminal.''

He said a police officer, whose name the department did not release, had been
suspended.

Police officials did not disclose the number of instances in which people in
custody had successfully fled this year, and it is unclear if officers in any of
the other instances had been disciplined.

But Mr. Bratton said that if the officer in this case was found to have been
derelict in his or her duties, the consequences would be severe. ''The
punishment that we will be putting in place for these types of events is going
to be significant,'' he said.

The string of escapes in the city began on June 23, when Tareek Arnold, 23,
arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, pushed an officer and ran as he was
being escorted from a precinct station in Harlem to central booking in Lower
Manhattan.

He was caught nearly a month later, only a few blocks from the site of his
escape, the police said.

Another man, Arthur Collins, 57, vanished on July 24 from a holding cell in the
25th Precinct in East Harlem without shoes. He was found on July 27, the police
said.

On Aug. 16, Austin Stevenson, 25, was being escorted in handcuffs into the 23rd
Precinct station house, also in East Harlem, when he shoved the officer and ran
away. Mr. Stevenson was arrested again three days later in Brooklyn.

In Ms. Neumann's case, the police said, she was arrested on Saturday after she
left the Hi-Life Bar and Grill on Amsterdam Avenue without paying her bill and
then went to a store down the block, where she stole clothing.

Chief Boyce said Ms. Neumann had been arrested six times, including on Saturday
-- three times in New York City and three times in Los Angeles. He said she
''doesn't have a lot of resources available to her,'' such as a phone.

''She was supposed to go back to L.A. sometime this week,'' Chief Boyce told
reporters. ''Of course, we will make sure that doesn't happen, and we apprehend
her before that.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/01/nyregion/top-officials-with-new-york-city-poli
ce-are-angered-by-escapes.html

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Tiffany Neumann

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Homegrown Music Festival: An old band with a new name

BYLINE: Christa Lawler, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


April 28--A band's name change can be a tricky thing in the music biz.

One must alert the fans, redirect them to a new website and explain to audiences
that, yes, this CD is by Diet Folk, but now the band is called Dedric Clark and
The Social Animals.

So why bother?

"We didn't want to get sued," said Tony Petersen, the banjo player for the band
formerly known as Diet Folk.

He's only kind of kidding. Diet Folk does sound like Diet Coke.

But there were other reasons, too, that the band chose to re-finagle URLs and
shelve the Diet Folk T-shirts. The group wanted a more serious name with
longevity. And it didn't want to get characterized as just a folk act, Petersen
said.

"There's a producer helping us produce an album," he said. "He recommended we
change the name to Dedric Clark and the something-something."

The old band with a new name plays at 10:30 p.m. Monday at Carmody Irish Pub as
part of the Homegrown Music Festival, which features more than 200 bands playing
at venues in the Twin Ports through Sunday. DC and The Social Animals features
the titular vocalist, Boyd Smith on drums, bass player Roger Whittet and
Petersen.

Diet Folk wasn't really an accurate description of what the band sounds like,
according to Petersen.

"We actually just got into a long discussion about it," he said. "Everyone has a
different idea of folk rock, alt-country. We all decided on alt-country (and)
expanded into folk-rock-pop-soul-Americana."

Petersen said the band is aiming for bigger and better.

"It feels like the right direction," he said. "In two years, it won't matter.
It's going to be old news and everyone will know us as DC and The Social
Animals."

The group released the album "Cold" in 2012 -- though it's under the Diet Folk
name. A News Tribune reviewer said of it: "The group ... expands exponentially
from folk to a mix of soul, pop, rock and bluegrass that is fresh and
infectious. 'Cold' shows the growth of Diet Folk from its lean bluegrass
beginnings into an ensemble that has the potential to move in many directions."

RELATED CONTENT: Monday's Homegrown schedule

___ (c)2014 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140428-DU-Homegrown-Music-Festival-An-old-band-with-a-new-name-0428-20140428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2014 Duluth News-Tribune


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 22, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

Wie picks shots;
Teen may be forced to miss Atlanta event

BYLINE: STEVE HUMMER

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 2D;

LENGTH: 692 words


Cherry Hills Village, Colo. --- The Wie Are The World 2005 Summer Tour continues
to bound along like a Titleist on an endless, uncharted cart path, but even
wonder teen has her limits.

Michelle Wie can't bend time, nor can she finagle the USGA. Thus, it is
increasingly unlikely she will play in the Atlanta area when the U.S. Women's
Amateur comes to Ansley Golf Club's Settindown Creek, Aug. 1-7. So much golf, so
many tours, so little time.

Committed to playing the Women's British Open at the end of a month that also
includes stops on the PGA Tour men's event and a top-flight men's amateur
tournament, Wie has run out of calendar. In the ambitious blueprint the
15-year-old is sketching for herself, even a U.S. Amateur can fall beneath
specs.

"I'd love to play there, but I'm not really sure if I can make it," Wie said
Tuesday. "If I have a very, very late [Amateur] tee time [on Monday ], it might
be OK. But I don't know if I would be able to get over the jet lag and all that.
It's very tough right now." The rub comes in trying to make the trans-Atlantic
flight back from Royal Birkdale on Sunday --- assuming she makes the cut --- in
time to begin stroke play at the Amateur the next day. The USGA assigns tee
times randomly and cannot guarantee Wie a late enough start.

"I don't think she can get back in time," said her coach, David Ledbetter. "It's
a shame the USGA couldn't work out a tee time, but obviously it would be hard to
put something special in place for just one player. Obviously she'd love to
play, but it's a great opportunity to play in the Women's British Open. She has
the skill level to be able to win one of these [LPGA-level events] here
shortly."

Wie's father, B.J., said Tuesday that they haven't ruled out playing the
Amateur. But neither has he found an airline connection that seems workable.

These are the unique complications of a player who is driving with golf's best
before she is old enough to have a driver's license.

This week it is the U.S. Women's Open at Cherry Hills Country Club just outside
of Denver, where Wie is counted as one of the real threats to Annika Sorenstam.
Playing in four LPGA events this year, Wie already has two second-place finishes
(one in the previous major, the McDonald's LPGA Championship). The approximate
$302,000 in earnings she has forsaken as an amateur would place her 15th on this
season's LPGA money list.

"[The money] is pretty much a laughing matter with me and my family right now,"
she said. "The money doesn't seem real to me right now; it's too big a number
for me. I am very happy staying an amateur right now. When I feel I'm ready [to
go pro], I will."

Wie and her family have spent the bulk of the summer on the mainland, far from
their Honolulu home, in order to chase golf in many forms. Already, she has
failed to qualify for the men's U.S. Open, become the first female to qualify
for the U.S. Amateur Public Links Championship (July 11-16), successfully
dabbled on the LPGA Tour and is preparing to play in her third PGA Tour event,
the John Deere Classic, July 7-10. She openly dares to dream of winning the
Public Links, thereby qualifying for the Masters.

"She's one of those phenoms who come along every era," Ledbetter said. "I think
she's smart enough, she's not doing it 24 hours a day, seven days a week. She
likes other things. She likes school. She has a lot going on in her life." Last
weekend Wie ran off to the movies to see "Mr. and Mrs. Smith." And gave it two
thumbs up.

"I think it will be great playing in both tours. I think it will be fun," said
Wie, seemingly intent, even at her tender age, upon redefining her chosen game.

If you don't like it, if you have other ideas about her place in golf, she
doesn't want to hear it.

And while chewing on that, try to contend with this coming from a 15-year-old:
"I realize that not everyone is going to support what I do, and I'm fine with
that. There's been a lot of support, and there's been a lot of resistance, too.
I don't really care what anyone says. I believe really strongly in what I do,
and I am not really afraid of anything."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP Michelle Wie is playing in the U.S. Women's Open this week.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               September 9, 2003

Readers taken for a Ryder by marshal plan
Gary Moran finds little to recommend Lawrence Donegan's poor sequel to Four Iron
in the Soul

SECTION: CITY EDITION; SPORT; A SLICE OF GOLFING LITERATURE PART 23; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 565 words


As a legacy from his season spent caddying on the European Tour which resulted
in the brilliant Four Iron In The Soul that won the USGA's International Book of
the Year in 1998, author Lawrence Donegan is on first-name terms with Lee
Westwood. That mightn't seem like a big deal and until he won the BMW
International last week there were officially 214 better golfers in the world
worth knowing.

The significance to Donegan in the run-up to last year's Ryder Cup was that
caddying for Westwood seemed like one of the few chances he had to finagle his
way inside The Belfry ropes for a close-up look at golf's most pressurised
event.

Sitting in the press room all day isn't his scene and regular reporters have
quite restricted access at the Ryder Cup. There are so many of them and so few
players that things would just get out of hand if they could freely wander the
fairways.

He certainly wasn't prepared to pay for a regular ticket, even if he could get
one at short notice. There are things that Scotsmen and journalists just won't
do. Anyway he deemed the E120 per day an unacceptably high price for "the
indignity of being treated like a Jersey calf on a cross-Channel ferry then
standing behind fifteen rows of people, half of them with handheld periscopes
and the other half with umbrellas".

Hence the unlikely and audacious plan to come out of caddying retirement.
Donegan was on assignment at a tournament in Seattle when he thought he had
plucked up the courage to pop the question.

"'Hi, Lee, how's tricks?' I said with an obsequious smile. He scanned my face
like it was a large and unexpected tax bill before the light of recognition
flickered on. 'All right mate, what are you doing here?' 'Interviewing Monty,' I
said. He smiled and kept walking. 'Good luck.'

That brief exchange and the realisation Westwood's failings as a player were
nothing to do with the skills of his regular caddy Dave Renwick were enough to
prevent Donegan embarrassing himself by revealing his plan but that got him no
nearer The Belfry's fairways.

He found it a little less intimidating, although logistically more difficult, to
get through to the chief marshal's office just days before the tournament. A few
lies about writing a magazine article and he had secured a marshal's armband.

A practice day spent on the 11th fairway wasn't quite the Ryder Cup experience
he wanted so it was time for a few more lies. Donegan spent a year as a used-car
salesman for one of his other books, California Dreaming, so maybe these came
easily. Fair play to him. If you are going to be watching the Ryder Cup you
might was well do so holding a "quiet please" sign on the 10th tee which is what
he managed with his upgraded senior marshal armband.

The atmosphere on that hole is well conveyed and there are some
behind-the-scenes insights but the marshalling experience doesn't provide enough
material for even this slimline book. Donegan tries to force it with a series of
one-liners. Some are genuinely funny but too many are laboured and eventually
they become wearing.

There is a good twist at the end but to use the author's own style, Quiet Please
isn't the greatest book about golf ever written, in fact it's not even the
greatest book about golf ever written by Lawrence Donegan. For the moment at
least, that accolade rests most definitely with Four Iron In The Soul.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 22, 2001 Monday CITY-D EDITION

A college freshman learns to adapt, with good cheer

BYLINE: Reviewed by Ann Waldron

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 519 words


Wurst Case Scenario

By Catherine Clark

HarperCollins, $6.95 (paper)

Ages 13-up

Courtney Von Dragen Smith is a freshman at Cornwall Falls College in Wisconsin
and is having a hard time getting along with her roommate, Mary Jo Johannsen, a
girl whose six brothers live on a dairy farm.

In fact, Courtney is having a hard time with everything. She misses her
boyfriend, Grant, who's back home at Colorado State. She hates both her
part-time jobs, one calling alumni and asking for money for the college and one
at the Bagle Finagle, a bagel shop. She's a vegan, and everywhere she turns in
Wisconsin, she encounters cheese and sausage. She loses 15 pounds because she
can't find dishes without dairy products and meat.

Vitally interested in environmental issues, Courtney seeks suitable
extracurricular activities. Once, thinking she's going to a meeting to work to
ban hormones in milk, she finds she's at a meeting of Bisexual and Gay
Republicans. She soon becomes the star of a group protesting the use of CFC, the
college's initials, in cheers and on sweatshirts. Courtney associates CFC with
chlorofluorocarbon, a harmful chemical.

She and her cohorts stage demonstrations at football games, to the dean's great
displeasure. Courtney's checks bounce, and she has trouble with her
long-distance boyfriend and with other girls in her hall. Life is hard indeed,
but her natural good cheer and good sense take over. She learns to get along,
and she acquires a dozen new potential boyfriends.

It's a very funny college-freshman story.

Wemberly Worried

By Kevin Henkes

Greenwillow, $15.95

Ages 3-5

Kevin Henkes achieved immortality with his superlative Lilly's Purple Plastic
Purse. Nothing else could possibly be so good, but Wemberly Worried is certainly
not bad.

The heroine, Wemberly, another mouse like Lilly, worries about everything. She
worries even more when she starts nursery school. But as in most school stories,
everything works out.

Henkes is masterful at piling detail on detail and making a fanciful situation
quite reasonable.

Editorial Cartoons by Kids - 2001

Compiled by the editors of NewsCurrents

Zino Press, $10.95 (paper)

Ages 7-up

In this book are the best of the more than 10,000 entries in the annual
NewsCurrents Student Editorial Cartoon Contest for pupils in grades four through
12. This is the 13th year the contest has been held and the big book published.

The cartoons are crudely drawn, but the works are savvy and often funny. The
pieces reflect the longing for peace that children have, but they also make fun
of the presidential candidates. In the elementary division, schools in State
College, Pa., New Britain, Bensalem and Warrington won four of the top seven
prizes. Area schools also did well in the intermediate division.

How Hungry Are You?

By Donna Jo Napoli

and Richard Tchen

Atheneum, $16

Ages 5-8

The cut-paper illustrations are so zany that it's easy to overlook the didactic
purpose of this picture book, which is to teach simple division. It's dished up
with such joyous nonsense you can relax and enjoy it.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Children's Books

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
"Wemberly Worried," by Kevin Henkes, tells of a worrywart mouse who starts
nursery school.

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 26, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

OBSERVER;
OUR FAMOUS INGRATES

BYLINE: By Russell Baker

SECTION: Section A; Page 31, Column 5; Editorial Desk


C.Z. Cuffer, of Richmond, Va., hopes to make a career of meeting famous people
and wants advice, which he believes someone in the newspaper business is
uniquely qualified to give.

''What should I say to famous people when I meet them?'' he writes. ''In the
newspaper business you must meet thousands of famous people every year, so
probably know how to charm them. Should I start by asking them, 'Where do you
get your ideas?' ''

My advice to Mr. Cuffer is to take up another hobby. There is nothing more
dispiriting than meeting famous people, for almost all famous people hate to be
met.

George Bernard Shaw explained this years ago while chasing me out of his garden
by swinging a cane at my head. George Bernard Shaw probably doesn't sound like a
famous person nowadays, unless you are able to read, but at that time he was
sort of like Steven Spielberg, only older and with a white beard.

I had gained entrance to his garden by posing as a painless tomato-worm
exterminator. ''Tell me, Mr. Shaw,'' I said, ''where do you get your ideas?''

''Just because I am a famous person gives you no right to finagle your way into
my garden and subject me to being met,'' he replied with a swat of his cane.

After that I resolved never to meet any famous people again, but unfortunately I
failed to inherit any of the great estates of the American robber barons, so had
to go into newspaper work. Soon I was meeting famous people by the dozen. One of
the first was Evelyn Waugh. He was a writer and in those days writing was big,
big, big. It was as big as videocassettes are nowadays, only you had to know how
to read, and in those days a lot of people did.

Naturally, when word got out that Evelyn Waugh was in town, people who made a
hobby of meeting famous people surrounded him. He was the first famous person I
never asked, ''Where do you get your ideas?''

I intended to, but the famous-people meeter ahead of me had already asked the
question and Waugh had said, ''I have them run up for me by a tailor in Savile
Row. Yours, I gather, come from a used-idea dealer who is utterly unscrupulous
about bilking his customers.''

I was thankful that I hadn't provoked that insult by asking my favorite
question. Instead, I said, ''Mr. Waugh, did your parents name you Evelyn because
they'd always wanted a daughter?''

''If you are trying to incite me to furnish you with a trashy newspaper story by
knocking you down with my giant ear trumpet, you are wasting your time,'' Waugh
said, thus depriving me of the splendid headline ''Hack Throws Meeter.''

Waugh, of course, was famous not only for writing but also for being
ill-tempered when being met. I was fortunate in meeting him so early in my
meeting career, for the experience steeled me for the thousands of unpleasant or
unsatisfying meetings I was destined to have with famous people who detested
being met.

After the Waugh incident, I knew how to deal with arrogant, famous ingrates.
Never grovel. That was my rule. Let them know I have met people far more famous
than they are. That is the trick, Mr. Cuffer. If you intend to spend your life
meeting famous people, don't let them think they impress you. Make the meeting
an occasion that will make the famous person feel like a complete failure.

Illustration: You are meeting Katherine Hepburn. Of course she hates to be met,
but assume you have trapped her in the checkout line at the supermarket, where
she is blocked behind a woman who is writing a check for one banana and a
quarter-pound of grapes. What do you say?

There are three possibilities:

1) ''Excuse me, your face is so familiar I just know I've seen you in the
movies. Aren't you Nina Foch?''

2) ''Bless my soul, it's Katherine Hepburn. You meet the darndest people in
checkout lines. That's where I met Barbara Stanwyck. Now there was a real
actress.''

3) ''Pardon me, Miss Hepburn, but knowing how much famous people hate to be met,
I want to assure you I have no interest in meeting you. After you've met General
Eisenhower, Jack Kennedy, Winston Churchill and Johnny Carson like I have,
everybody else is just Bridgeport.''

Mr. Cuffer's letter explains that he hopes to become so famous for meeting
famous people that he can eventually stop meeting them and start being met by
people like himself. It takes all kinds to maintain the famous-people supply.B

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 15, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1060 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            8
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
2   THE BROKER (Dell,                             6
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
3   HONEYMOON (Warner,                            1
     $13.95) By James
    Patterson & Howard
  Roughan. An FBI agent
  suspects the alluring
   fiancée in a wealthy
     banker's death.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             65
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5    RED LILY (Jove,                              5
     $7.99). By Nora
   Roberts The ghost of
     the Harper bride
    becomes malevolent
     when the current
   Harper scion finds a
      new paramour.
6   DOUBLE TAP (Jove,                             2
     $7.99). By Steve
    Martini The expert
   slaying of a defense
  contractor's CEO casts
   suspicion on an Army
   vet turned security
          guard.
7    THE KNOWN WORLD                              3
   (Amistad, $13.95) By
   Edward P. Jones. The
   tangled relationship
   between an ex-slave
  and his former master.
8 CAROLINA ISLE (Pocket,                          2
     $9.95). By Jude
   Deveraux Two cousins
   who share an uncanny
   resemblance make the
   reckless decision to
    switch lives, with
    startling results.
9    BY ORDER OF THE                              2
     PRESIDENT (Jove,
     $7.99) By W.E.B.
  Griffin. In the launch
    of a new series, a
   Delta Force major is
  tapped to investigate
   a plane's hijacking.
1  PREP (Random House,                            4
0   $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            15
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
    A screenwriter and
    drug dealer's (now
      controversial)
  chronicle of addiction
      and recovery.
2     COLLAPSE: HOW                               2
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
3 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         53
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
4 SEE NO EVIL: THE TRUE                           4
    STORY OF A GROUND
   SOLDIER IN THE CIA'S
     WAR ON TERRORISM
   (Three Rivers, $14).
    By Robert Baer. A
     bungling agency.
5     IN COLD BLOOD                              11
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
6   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             2
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
7    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             21
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
8  THREE WEEKS WITH MY                            1
    BROTHER: A MEMOIR
   (Warner, $13.95). By
   Nicholas Sparks and
     Micah Sparks The
        siblings'
  contemplative journey
    around the world.
9 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         96
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
1 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         55
0  (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1  THE HOSTAGE (Putnam,                           1
    $26.95). By W.E.B.
   Griffin A diplomat's
  murder, a family held
  captive and the Iraqi
   oil-for-food scandal
   meld in this Charley
    Castillo thriller.
2   THE DA VINCI CODE                            93
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
   a killer's identity.
3  MARY, MARY (Little,                            7
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
4    S IS FOR SILENCE                             4
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
5 EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE                           2
   (Ballantine, $25.95)
  By Judith McNaught. A
  romantic dalliance in
  the tropics ensnares a
     young woman in a
   high-profile murder
         inquiry.
6  ON THE RUN (Bantam,                            2
  $26). By Iris Johansen
  A mother and daughter,
  both in CIA protective
  custody, are forced to
     flee when their
       location is
       discovered.
7     ALL NIGHT LONG                              1
   (Putnam, $24.95) By
  Jayne Ann Krentz. The
  suspicious death of a
      friend leads a
  journalist into a web
       of political
       maneuvering.
8     THE CAMEL CLUB                             10
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
9     TURNING ANGEL                               2
  (Scribner, $25.95). By
    Greg Iles When he
    confesses to their
     secret affair, a
   respected small town
  doctor becomes suspect
  No. 1 in the murder of
         a teen.
1 THE LIGHTHOUSE (Knopf,                          6
0 $25.95). By P.D. James
  Commander Dalgliesh is
   dispatched to Combe
   Island, an isolated
     retreat for the
    well-to-do, where
     murder is afoot.
    Nonfiction/General
1   STATE OF WAR: THE                             1
  SECRET HISTORY OF THE
     CIA AND THE BUSH
   ADMINISTRATION (Free
   Press, $26) By James
   Risen. Exposing the
     domestic spying
         scandal.
2 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           4
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
3  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          39
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
4  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           13
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
5 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          38
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
6   MY FRIEND LEONARD                             2
  (Riverhead, $24.95) By
     James Frey. Frey
  recounts his continued
      recovery from
   substance abuse with
   the aid of a pal he
      met in rehab.
7  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                           10
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
8 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES:                          9
  AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS
    (Simon & Schuster,
  $25). By Jimmy Carter
    Cautioning against
        religious
     fundamentalism's
        influence.
9 TEACHER MAN: A MEMOIR                           7
    (Scribner, $26) By
    Frank McCourt. The
   author of "Angela's
   Ashes" recounts his
    tenure in the NYC
  public school system.
1     1776 (Simon &      27Rankings reflect sales for the week ended January
0   Schuster, $32). By    8, 2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
     David McCullough    permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2006
  Military campaigns and     by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
   personal narratives     italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
  tell the story of the    which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
  first full year of the  Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
   American Revolution.               separate, monthly list.)

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 8, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1074 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            7
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
2   THE BROKER (Dell,                             5
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
3    RED LILY (Jove,                              4
     $7.99). By Nora
   Roberts The ghost of
     the Harper bride
    becomes malevolent
     when the current
   Harper scion finds a
      new paramour.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             64
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5   DOUBLE TAP (Jove,                             1
     $7.99). By Steve
    Martini The expert
   slaying of a defense
  contractor's CEO casts
   suspicion on an Army
   vet turned security
          guard.
6  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          19
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
7 UNLEASH THE NIGHT (St.                          1
   Martin's, $6.99) By
   Sherrilyn Kenyon. A
   contemporary romance
   featuring a werewolf
   and the spunky woman
     of privilege he
         desires.
8  PREP (Random House,                            3
    $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
9 CAROLINA ISLE (Pocket,                          1
     $9.95). By Jude
   Deveraux Two cousins
   who share an uncanny
   resemblance make the
   reckless decision to
    switch lives, with
    startling results.
1    BY ORDER OF THE                              1
0    PRESIDENT (Jove,
     $7.99) By W.E.B.
  Griffin. In the launch
    of a new series, a
   Delta Force major is
  tapped to investigate
   a plane's hijacking.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            14
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  A former screenwriter
     and drug dealer
      chronicles his
      addiction and
        recovery.
2     COLLAPSE: HOW                               1
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
3    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             20
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
4 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         52
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
5 SEE NO EVIL: THE TRUE                           3
    STORY OF A GROUND
   SOLDIER IN THE CIA'S
     WAR ON TERRORISM
   (Three Rivers, $14).
    By Robert Baer. A
     bungling agency.
6     IN COLD BLOOD                              10
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
7 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         95
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
8 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         54
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
9   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             1
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
1 HIS EXCELLENCY: GEORGE                          7
0  WASHINGTON (Vintage,
    $15). By Joseph J.
  Ellis. A biography of
    the statesman from
   British army soldier
    to U.S. president.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1  MARY, MARY (Little,                            6
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
2   THE DA VINCI CODE                            92
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
   a killer's identity.
3 EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE                           1
   (Ballantine, $25.95)
  By Judith McNaught. A
  romantic dalliance in
  the tropics ensnares a
     young woman in a
   high-profile murder
         inquiry.
4    S IS FOR SILENCE                             3
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
5     TURNING ANGEL                               1
  (Scribner, $25.95). By
    Greg Iles When he
    confesses to their
     secret affair, a
   respected small town
  doctor becomes suspect
  No. 1 in the murder of
         a teen.
6  ON THE RUN (Bantam,                            1
  $26). By Iris Johansen
  A mother and daughter,
  both in CIA protective
  custody, are forced to
     flee when their
       location is
       discovered.
7     THE CAMEL CLUB                              9
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
8   PREDATOR (Putnam,                             9
   $26.95). By Patricia
    Cornwell Forensic
       examiner Kay
   Scarpetta, now based
  in Florida, is stymied
  by a series of bizarre
   slayings and thorny
          clues.
9     AT FIRST SIGHT                              9
   (Warner, $24.95). By
  Nicholas Sparks Jeremy
     Marsh and Lexie
  Darnell, last seen in
      Sparks's "True
  Believer," are coping
    with the stress of
       engagement.
1 THE LIGHTHOUSE (Knopf,                          5
0 $25.95). By P.D. James
  Commander Dalgliesh is
   dispatched to Combe
   Island, an isolated
     retreat for the
    well-to-do, where
     murder is afoot.
    Nonfiction/General
1  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           12
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
2  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          38
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
3  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                            9
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
4 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           3
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
5 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          37
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
6 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES:                          8
  AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS
    (Simon & Schuster,
  $25). By Jimmy Carter
    Cautioning against
        religious
     fundamentalism's
        influence.
7 TEACHER MAN: A MEMOIR                           6
    (Scribner, $26) By
    Frank McCourt. The
   author of "Angela's
   Ashes" recounts his
    tenure in the NYC
  public school system.
8     1776 (Simon &                              26
    Schuster, $32). By
     David McCullough
  Military campaigns and
   personal narratives
  tell the story of the
  first full year of the
   American Revolution.
9   MY FRIEND LEONARD                             1
  (Riverhead, $24.95) By
     James Frey. Frey
  recounts his continued
      recovery from
   substance abuse with
   the aid of a pal he
      met in rehab.
1  THE CITY OF FALLING   8Rankings reflect sales for the week ended Jan. 1,
0 ANGELS (Penguin Press,   2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
     $25.95) By John     permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2006
  Berendt. Venice, where     by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
   the author moved in   italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list. The
         1997, is           week ended Dec. 25 was skipped, as BW did not
      affectionately      publish on Jan. 1, 2006. The list below reflects
  portrayed here in all           sales from 11/28/05 to 01/01/06.)
   its glory and decay.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 27, 2005 Thursday

STARR REPORT

BYLINE: Michael Starr

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 81

LENGTH: 390 words


Cough it up, dude

Always keep in mind that things aren't always what they appear to be -
especially on reality shows.

Case in point: Last week's episode of "The Apprentice," where viewers saw Brian,
a member of the "Street Smarts" crew, finagle a free Viking hat (you know, with
the horns and all) from Paramount Calendar, a shop in lower Manhattan.

Viewers saw Brian boasting to his teammates that he got the hat for free, but
that apparently wasn't the case. Jason Littman, the owner of Paramount Calendar
who was seen on camera dealing with Brian, says he only gave him the hat because
Brian promised - off-camera, of course - that he'd come back and pay him for it
later.

"He walked back in when there were no cameras there and said, 'I really want the
Viking hat. Let me have the hat and I'll come back and pay you,' " Littman says.
"He never came back."

Littman values the hat at $12. Memo to Brian: Go back and pay for the hat, tough
guy.

* * *

The cast of The WB's "One Tree Hill" got a taste of fan adulation here Tuesday
when they were mobbed at several stops. Chad Michael Murray, James Lafferty,
Sophia Bush, Hilarie Burton, Bethany Joy Lenz and Tyler Hilton began the day
with an appearance on MTV's "TRL," then went over to the FYE store on 51st -
where (mostly screaming female) fans had lined up at noon for the 6:30 p.m.
"OTH" DVD/soundtrack signing. Later, Murray, Lafferty and Bush went to see
Hilton perform at the Bitter End - with scads of (mostly screaming female) fans
trailing 'em to the nightclub.

* * *

Former "Facts of Life"/ "Living Single" star Kim Fields will direct a series of
Black History Month interstitials for TV Land and Nick at Nite. The spots,
written/performed by Fields and four poets - Beau Sia, D. Cross, Thea Monyee and
Jon Goode - reflect "the history of television as it relates specifically to the
black experience" and will begin airing Feb. 1. The networks' Web sites will
also have an original interview with Kim about the project.

* * *

PBS is standing behind an episode of its animated series, "Postcards from
Buster," called "Sugartime," in which Buster (a rabbit) goes to visit children
living in a family with two mothers. "We never withdraw programs from the air
simply because the situations portrayed might not be to the liking of some
viewers," PBS said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 6, 2004 Tuesday

FORMER WISEGUY TELLS IT LIKE IT IS

BYLINE: Cindy Adams

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 764 words


A GRADUATE of the mob, who's done time in the can and the Witness Protection
Program, a wiseguy who's monitored by the FBI, says: "The mob runs the music
industry today."

He also tells me: "And what our boys are also heavily into is the stockbroker
racket."

Avalon has just published the new book, "Born to the Mob: The True-Life Story of
the Only Man to Work for All Five of New York's Mafia Families," The "Man" is
Frank Saggio.

His hello to me was: "How'd you get my number . . . nobody supposed to have this
number."

A few phone calls down the line it was, so where are you now, Frank? "Away. I'm
away."

And your business now? "Legit, but I'd rather not say what."

And how did you ever get nerve to leave the mob?

"Listen, in this life, if you can finagle a little you can do anything. The big
crime is being stupid."

Is he scared "they" eventually will come after him?

"I have some worries. Am I living in fear? Sometimes. But my gun shoots bullets,
too. If I run into one of them, they gotta know I'm takin' them with me."

What's he know of the trial currently ongoing at Brooklyn federal court?

"Mob boss Joe Massino's on trial. He owns a caterer on the island. He does all
the catering and coffee trucks in New York. Everybody got to buy from him. He
gets big from the whole industry. His brother-in-law, Salvatore Vitale, is
ratting him out. When the 'Family' split, one Massino hit was the murder of my
Uncle Philip 'Lucky' Giaccone. I know them all. I've been questioned several
times. Would Vitale like to find me now? Yes! He knows the FBI is monitoring me.

"Do I like Vitale? No. But he's smarter than Massino. He'll only do a few years.
Massino's going away for a long time and deserves whatever he gets. The death
penalty isn't enough. He killed more guys than cancer. All they make him out to
be is true."

Did Saggio himself ever kill anybody?

"No. But if I had to under orders, I would have. Guys with no brains did the
killing. I was into schemes, stock frauds, shakedowns, although I never stole
from a legitimate person. Make money for them and you don't have to kill.

"The mob's into everything today. Take record labels. Take the whole music
industry. It's run big-time by wiseguys. Our people own nightclubs. Rappers need
help starting out. They borrow from wiseguys and our guys get their first
foothold. We're into boxing, horseracing - not thoroughbreds, trotters.
Hollywood. A star like Steven Seagal was being shaken down by the Gotti group.

"And we really got our feet in the door with banking and stocks. Brokers are
basically thrill seekers. Degenerate gamblers. They get high off risks. A deal
goes bad. The broker needs money. He books bets. We get our hooks into him."

Watched and monitored when he was in the Witness Protection Program, how did he
get his book done, since he didn't do the writing himself?

"Took a couple of years. I'd have phone conversations with the writer I met
through my attorney. I'd leave where I was staying to go so-called shopping. At
the mall I'd buy a phone card, go to a public phone and stay on it for hours. If
you're smart there's always ways. I wanted the story out. Things being said
weren't accurate. There were misconceptions. I got small children and I wanted
then to know the truth.

"Truth is, this is no glamorous game. Ninety percent of the mob is broke. Foot
soldiers are not, like on 'The Sopranos,' driving $100,000 cars. Capos do not go
to shrinks. If they did they'd only make one visit before they got done in. New
guys are always coming up but if you make the big-time then you only got two
ways to go - jail or dead. Of the 10 ushers at my wedding, seven are already
dead.

"There's no more 'honor' in the mob. As bosses get arrested, leadership drops to
low-level street guys. Nobody knows who's boss, who to report to, today they run
drugs. We never did that. Today they're all thieves. Say a street hood shakes
down an adult bookstore for about $8,000. He reports $5,000, so he only gives
his captain the $500 share. They don't keep their word. Rules used to be, 'made'
guys never fooled around with other guys' wives. No more. And if you went
'away,' they'd take care of your family. No More. Nobody paid my wife a quarter.
It's no longer an honorable lifestyle.

"Before, when a guy was made, it was a lengthy initiation. The bloodlines, both
parents, had to be traced to Italy. You had to be vouched for. You had to rob,
kill or maim before you were proposed for membership. Today the code of honor is
gone."

Right. Killing and maiming is no longer an honorable profession.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVEN SEAGAL Object of mob shakedown. [Rose Prouser/Reuters]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 1997 Saturday

THE VIRTUAL TRAVELLER  NETESCAPES

BYLINE: Dick Snyder

SECTION: TRAVEL COLUMN; Pg. F7

LENGTH: 569 words


ONE of the best travel-oriented applications the Internet has yet facilitated is
the weekly offering of last-minute cheap flights by Air Canada and Canadian
Airlines. For anyone who can't bear to pay retail, the discounts offered on the
two airlines' Web sites can be truly thrilling, and are often 50 per cent or
more off the full fare.

But the best the thing about taking advantage of these deals is feeling like a
real jetsetter, for who but the truly worldly can justify jumping a flight to
New York, Vancouver or San Francisco just for the weekend?

Such an act implies a level of financial freedom that is no longer absolutely
necessary thanks to these deals. But money aside, the other major commodity that
may be a little harder to finagle is time: One must be able to free oneself from
weekend commitments at the last minute, as well as a Monday of work; for the big
stickler of these discount fares is a Friday or Saturday departure coupled with
a Monday or Tuesday return. And three days away means finding someone to look
after the plants and pets; which can be difficult if your friends are given to
fits of envy.

Air Canada was the first Canadian airline to offer what it calls its Websaver
program, which was launched in February. Customers register at the Air Canada
Web site and receive an E-mail every Wednesday that details the discount fares
for the upcoming weekend. Canadian Airlines launched its Web  Speci@ls  site in
April, essentially offering the same service. But there are a few minor
differences between the two, which tend to give Canadian a bit of an edge.

Air Canada, like many U.S. companies, offers its deals only by E-mail. Canadian
seems to be the first airline to post them directly to their Web site, which
means you can check them any time, anywhere -- provided, of course, that you've
got Web access. With Air Canada, you can only get the deals if you've got access
to your E-mail account.

The nice thing about Canadian's set-up is that since you're already logged onto
their Web site, you can check the flight schedules with just a few clicks. Then,
when you're ready to book, you can call reservations with all your particulars.
(Neither site allows you to book these deals over the Internet. As well, you
need to give the reservations clerk your E-mail address as well as the special
code that appears next to the listing.)

For the truly money conscious, however, take note that Canadian's prices are a
little better than Air Canada's most of the time. The two don't always offer the
same destinations, but Air Canada's Toronto-to-New-York fare last week was $180
(taxes included), while Canadian Airlines' fare for this coming weekend is $169.
It costs $429 to fly Air Canada from Toronto to Vancouver this weekend, while
Canadian is offering the fare for $348. (Air Canada does us a favour by posting
the exact fare, while Canadian makes us call to find out the tax grab.)

One last bonus at the Canadian Airlines site: the discount fares are posted on
Tuesday, even though it states quite clearly on its page that the deals are
offered every Wednesday. You still have to wait until the next day at 7 a.m. to
book a flight, but at least this gives you, the neophyte jetsetter, a little
extra time to find someone to take care of your cat.

Canadian Airlines: www.cdnair.ca/
Air Canada: www.aircanada.ca/
Dick Snyder can be reached by E-mail at dsnyder@globeandmail.ca  .

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1997 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 12, 2000 Saturday

'This is not a movie script . . .';
But to a Canadian it sure seems close. An inside look;
at the way it dispenses justice shows why Baltimore;
is a fitting inspiration for Homicide: Life on the Street

BYLINE: ERIN ANDERSSEN

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1028 words

DATELINE: Baltimore, Md.


This is the scene: The jurors are squirming in their seats. Two women in the
back row whisper to each other while a policeman testifies about the drug deal
he says he witnessed across four lanes of traffic. Jurors, as a rule in
Baltimore, don't like cops, and this one - an earnest, farm-boy type, unshakable
in his testimony - is not winning them over.

The defence lawyer, a beanstalk of a public defender, is cross-examining. His
reluctant client is a young, black man who arrived shackled and handcuffed and
hostile; he didn't want a public defender, he told the court, but his mother
couldn't get the money in time to hire a lawyer.

On the bench, Judge John Themelis has four lawyers from another trial - a
first-degree-murder case - clustered around him; in the room next door, their
jury sits deadlocked on the fate of a young Canadian dentist accused of killing
her husband, and the state is trying to finagle an 11th-hour plea.

In the drug case, the state's attorney objects to a defence question. The judge
glances up from his conversation. "Overruled," he says. And returns to the
huddle.

In 1998, 503 people were murdered in Canada; in that same year, 314 homicides
took place in Baltimore, a port city whose population of 600,000 makes it
slightly smaller than Winnipeg. On top of that, Baltimore police handled more
than 400 cases of rape, 7,687 armed robberies and 7,556 aggravated assaults,
most often with a weapon.

So you can see why justice here chugs along at an assembly-line, jury-juggling
pace that would astonish most Canadians. In one eight-hour day, Judge Themelis
dispatched a sentencing, completed a jury trial for an armed robbery and moved
on to testimony in a murder case.

"The courts are never empty," a bailiff said.

And never very dull either, if the murder trial of Alpna Patel from Saskatoon is
a fair demonstration. After all, this is the setting for Homicide: Life on the
Street, the critically acclaimed TV series that was cancelled last season but
returns to the air tomorrow as a two-hour movie on NBC.

And what is remarkable - compared with the formal, methodical pace typical of
Canadian courts - is just how similar justice in Courtroom 600 is to network TV.

All the familiar characters are present: the pasty-faced prosecutor, the
aggressive cop and the firebrand defence lawyer - in Ms. Patel's case, a balding
Ed Bradley look-alike named Edward Smith Jr., who struts and sighs in front of
the jury box, offering at one point to even wrestle his client to prove how
strong she is.

Judge Themelis sits above them all, overruling and sustaining objections without
explanation, occasionally taking telephone calls during testimony on a red phone
handed to him by the clerk.

"This is not Disneyland," he warned Ms. Patel's jury a few hours before its
deliberations. "This is not a movie script. This is a court of law."

   True, but the court of law has it movie moments. Take the vicious
cross-examination of Detective Marvin Sydnor, a veteran cop in a murder-a-day
city whose major contribution to the case was getting a statement from Ms. Patel
on the morning her husband died.

Mr. Smith didn't waste time. He stroked his salt-and-pepper beard, walked up to
the witness box and started shouting questions rapid-fire at the policeman. What
did he do at the crime scene? Why didn't he pay more attention to the contents
of the defendant's bag?

"I was not looking at the underwear as a murder weapon," Det. Sydnor sniped
back, and that really set it off.

Mr. Smith kept hollering questions, Det. Sydnor shouted back his answers and the
two men went on this way for several minutes, speaking at the same time so no
one could understand them.

Then Det. Sydnor smugly used the word "murder," and Mr. Smith lost it. "Why did
you say that?" he shrieked. "Do you have a problem with women?"

This finally prompted a brief huddle with the judge. The jury stayed in the
room, the lawyers stood at the bench and a recording of static was played in the
courtroom so that no one could hear what they were saying.

Mr. Smith's remark was stricken from the record - though not, as he well knew,
from the memories of the jury - and Det. Sydnor apologized. Then they went right
back at it, yelling about police procedure.

It was a fine show, but a show nonetheless. Det. Sydnor and Mr. Smith work out
at the same gym - outside the court, they are at least friendly. Some
cross-examinations "are more energetic than others," the police officer said.

No one would ever argue that Canadian courts make perfect decisions, and none of
this is to suggest that justice is not ultimately served in Baltimore.

If they speed through the testimony here, it is because the courts are clogged;
for evidence, you need only count the lineup of police vans outside the
courthouse each morning, and the rows of young, predominantly black men, who are
shackled together and led inside, past the metal detectors.

If juries aren't offered albums of crime-scene photos or aren't sequestered when
they deliberate, it's because the state doesn't have the money.

But there is a lack of formality inside Judge Themelis's courtroom that is rare
in Canada, and what results is a place where it's okay for lawyers to yell at
witnesses and for witnesses to yell back, where a judge's charge to the jury -
which would last hours in Canada - takes only 45 minutes, and where the police,
it would seem, are too swamped to tidy up the most obvious loose ends.

For example, if the prosecution is arguing that the defendant drank a glass of
water before stabbing her husband, shouldn't the jury see a picture of the
kitchen, or at least hear what happened to the glass she allegedly used?

Perhaps this partly explains why hung juries are not uncommon in Baltimore.

In Ms. Patel's case, they returned deadlocked, openly complaining that they
didn't get enough evidence from the prosecution.

All that means is that in June she has to return to the square, stone building
in downtown Baltimore for another trial, with all the same players and an
identical plot, like a bad summer rerun.


   Erin Anderssen is a national crime reporter with The Globe and Mail.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 29, 1999, Tuesday

ALL EYES ON KRAUSE, BULLS - CHI WANTS TO DEAL, BUT LIKES FRANCIS; KRAUSE HOLDS
ALL THE CARDS

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 074

LENGTH: 1373 words


AS FAR as the draft is concerned, what were Jerry Krause's first words to me
after winning the lottery? "Do I get fries with that?"

1. BULLS: GM Jerry Krause has a good idea. Trade the pick for somebody's
starting team, preferably one with recent playoff experience. Maybe even finagle
a mid-first rounder in the process. I like the concept. There's nothing to it
but to do it. More likely, Krause will make it too difficult for anyone to deal
with him and be forced to demonstrate his scouting genius by making the tough
call himself. If so, Steve Francis gets the nod.

Sources say the Blazers may be willing to deal Damon Stoudamire for the top
spot. In that case, they'd take Elton Brand.

2. GRIZZLIES: Objective is to acquire an established power forward or an off
guard for the slot. For instance, the Magic are offering Horace Grant or Nick
Anderson. The Heat are offering P.J. Brown in a 3-way trade that would send Glen
Rice to Miami. The 76ers are offering Ty 'Maintenance' Hill, not Theo Ratliff,
as reported. Meanwhile, the Pacers are expected to offer one of their macho
power forwards should Dale Davis decide not to exercise an escape clause.

The question is, do the Grizzlies really want a role player that bad to
complement their young talent, though there's no certainty the incoming veteran
will be as good as what can be had in the draft?

Coach Brian Hill wants a mature big man, especially if Antonio Davis becomes
available. Boss Stu Jackson may go the other way and keep the pick and take
Brand, whose stock soared when he was measured by the NBA at 6-8 in socks and
had the longest wingspan in the draft; a vertical reach, 9-2, horizontal reach
7-5. In comparison, Yugoslavia's Aleksandar Radojevic, 7-3, figured to be taken
between Nos. 15 and 20, has a vertical of 9-4 and a horizontal of 7-1.

3. HORNETS: Baron Davis. May very well be the draft's purest point guard. While
Francis is a terrific offensive player, having the ability to get a shot
whenever he wants it, he's not a great passer. Davis also can score, is a far
better distributor and owns a pro body. A corrected knee problem is the only
concern.

4. CLIPPERS: Do they have a head coach yet? Who was the bright light who
announced their desire to draft Davis? The Hornets immediately knew they had
leverage to demand a player or a pick for the UCLA star if inclined to move him.

For once, they can't go wrong. No matter what happens above them, they get to
take Wally Szczerbiak, whose image is immaculate, is fundamentally flawless, and
can outshoot three-quarters of the league on an off night.

When the Miami of Ohio senior visited Minnesota, he flushed 34 of 50 from
3-point range, then asked for do-overs. He was upset with his stroke. Meanwhile,
everyone else who swung through town for a look-see, didn't come close to
Szczerbiak's conversion rate, and were proud of their results.

5. RAPTORS: Would like to move up to get Francis, but refuse to part with Tracy
McGrady (turned 20 a couple weeks ago) or Doug Christie to get to be the draft's
leadoff hitter. "There isn't a college player good enough to give up Christie's
defense and we're sure as hell not trading McGrady," a Toronto official
declares.

Sources say McGrady's agent Arn Tellem promised Krause his client would sign
with the Bulls when he becomes a free agent at the end of next season. Yet
McGrady is giving the Raptors every indication he'll sign a 6-year extension
with them come August 1.

So, who do they select? High schooler Jonathan Bender, if he's still there. A
number of teams, including the Suns, are trying to trade above them to snare the
7-footer with the mellifluous touch and advanced feel for the game's fluidity.

Then again, instincts tell me not to be surprised should the Bulls somehow wind
up with his rights before draft night is concluded.

6. TIMBERWOLVES: Kevin McHale prefers Szczerbiak, I'm told, or Andre Miller, a
more athletic version of Mark Jackson. Both candidates are solid, under control
and coachable.

Given those two choices, I still think Lamar Odom doesn't fall any lower than
this. Unless, of course, Bender slips one more notch; Kevin Garnett would never
allow McHale to bypass his clone.

By all accounts, Odom has no comp in terms of talent. Or creating a stir. As
usual, he's swamped by controversy and vilified by defamatory accusations of
drug use fueled by him blowing off an interview with the Hornets (without so
much as a courtesy call to explain why) and a 6-day disappearance.

"Nobody seems to have anything good to say about him, not even (former Rhode
Island coach) Jim Harrick," an east coast official notes. "Check out his
instability. He's changed high schools, colleges and agents."

Yeah, almost as often as yours truly.

"Unless he tells us to our faces where he's been, what his problem, and why he's
acting so strange, a lot of teams aren't going to touch him," underlines a West
Coast GM.

7. WIZARDS: Would trade the pick if they could obtain a certified big man who
could start. If unavailable, Richard Hamilton. Insurance against free
agent-to-be Mitch Richmond returning to the Warriors, another West Coast team,
or to Miami in a sign-and-trade situation. I can't see owner Abe Pollin
investing important money in a 33-year-old, no matter how gifted he is at both
ends of the court.

8. CAVALIERS: GM Jim Paxson is trying to use this pick and No. 13 to move up to
secure Szczerbiak, who'd be a perfect outside counterpart to Shawn Kemp's inside
activity. Not to mention an easy sell to the public. If that can't be
accomplished, Brevin Knight needs an able understudy. Utah's Miller is a
natural.

For many reasons, Randy Wittman continues to be the leading aspirant for the
head coaching vacancy, which probably won't be filled until a week or so after
the draft. The T'Wolf assistant has great rapport with the players, knows the
game extremely well and isn't the least bit insecure; meaning he'll surround
himself with smarter people than himself.

Dave Cowens remains in the running for the job, while Del Harris has an outside
shot. For some reason, Cleveland's media thinks Cowens will command Kemp's
respect, and, if that doesn't work, will demand it.

What, the way he controlled Anthony Mason, Glen Rice and Derrick Coleman? If
owner Gordon Gund is looking to hire a tough guy, he should've hired Paul Silas.
Look at the results after Cowens ditched the Hornets and his assistant was put
in charge.

I just hope Gund (already under obligation to pay Mike Fratello $5M this season)
doesn't think he can get Cowens on the cheap. Look what happened in Charlotte
when George Shinn's low-ball offer didn't satisfy him.

9. SUNS: Covet Bender. Unless they trade up five spots, it's not going to
happen. In that case, UNLV's Shawn Marion, a small forward athlete deluxe to run
alongside Jason Kidd, figures to get the nod.

Penny Hardaway's agent wants him in Phoenix, as opposed to Toronto, but sources
say the Magic have balked at a proposed sign-and-trade.

10. WARRIORS: If they can't get T'Wolf free agent Terrell Brandon in a
sign-and-trade, Arizona's Jason Terry almost surely will be the designated point
man who's picked.

11. CAVALIERS: If they retain the position, the plan is to go big. Georgia's
Jumaine Jones would make sense.

12. RAPTORS: Their biggest need is a legit playmaker, someone like William
Avery. But there are other ways (free agency or trade) to get a point and it
doesn't have to be expensive. If the big man of choice isn't taken, look for
them to target France's Frederic Weis.

13. SONICS: New Mexico's Kenny Thomas if Marion's gone.

Almost one-third of the league (eight teams) don't have picks until the second
round, while the Blazers are completely out of it. The Nets (34), Kings (45),
Celtics (55), Pistons (54), Mavericks (36), 76ers (47), Magic (38th) and Bucks
(48) traded away their No. 1s.

Beside talking to the Bulls about Stoudamire, the Blazers and Celtics have also
discussed a possible exchange of Ron Mercer and Dana Barros for Kelvin Kato,
Jimmy Jackson and Walt Williams.


LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANOTHER 23 IN CHI-TOWN?: Maryland's Steve Francis could go to Bulls
with No. 1 pick in tomorrow night's NBA Draft.  AP

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              June 5, 1992, Friday

SECRETS OF A SUCCESSFUL GARAGE SALE NOW IT AN BE SOLD! Forget nickel & dime
notions: Reaping a tidy profit hinges on big- business strategies

BYLINE: By Bette Harrisonconsumer; sales; aid; interviews

SECTION: HOME & GARDEN; Section P; Page 1

LENGTH: 279 words


Debbie Fondren's recent east Cobb garage sale started out like so many she had
held before.

A customer insisted Ms. Fondren wrap some stemware in newspaper during the first
frantic minutes of the sale ("I told her, 'My dear, we're not Macy's' ").

A man followed her around, demanding she mark down a 50-cent item to a quarter
("I told him yes - at the end of the day.")

And on the heels of this bargain shopper came three cleaning women who,
apparently with a little divine intervention, were able to finagle a half-price
deal on a box of 50-cent rags.

"One woman throws her hands up in the air and bellows, 'Well, thank you, lord
Jesus!' " Ms. Fondren recalled.

With an "Amen," Ms. Fondren closed the deal.

Her efforts, experience, hard work and good humor paid off: That day she cleared
$ 806 in cold, hard cash. "All in all, not bad, considering my only high-ticket
item was a $ 65 TV table. The rest was pure junk."

So what's her secret?

"Treat your sale like a one-or two-day business," she advises. "Clean up
everything within reason, price it fairly, display it attractively, advertise
it, get people there, and you can't help but have a successful sale."

It's true. To increase profits, you need excellent organization, a smart
marketing plan, reasonable prices and attractively displayed merchandise -
factors that go into running any successful business.

The field is open for savvy marketers. Two Saturdays ago, Gail Shurbutt of east
Cobb invited day-care center operators to her sale, where she had a large
collection of children's items. "They bought half my stuff by 10 o'clock," she
said.

Bette Harrison is a free-lance writer in Marietta.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color photo: Jill Riepe of Roswell looks through a box of books at a
garage sale benefiting a pet shelter in Dahlonega / Kimberly Smith / staff

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 12, 2010 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

THINK BIG, THINK BOLD

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 546 words


Confronting the worst fiscal crisis in decades, Lt. Gov. Richard Ravitch has
called on Gov. Paterson and the Legislature to fundamentally shrink New York
State government and to reform how it does business.

The officials must meet the challenge, for the good of today's taxpayers and of
tomorrow's.

With each passing day, New Yorkers are learning more about fast-approaching and
very real threats to the quality of life. Fire Commissioner Sal Cassano provided
only the latest example when he told the City Council that he's planning to
close 62 fire companies and lay off more than 1,000 firefighters.

The unthinkable has arrived because the Great Recession brutally ended Albany's
ability to spend beyond New York's means. No longer can leaders finagle their
way to budgets that are far larger than steady revenues.

How much larger? The amount is astonishing: a cumulative $60 billion, with more
than $9 billion due in the coming year. That translates to more than $9 billion
in bills for which the state has zero dollars.

Unavoidably, a deficit of that magnitude will force spending cuts. There will be
much less money for the state to pass through to local governments, such as the
city and school districts.

Which is why the Metropolitan Transportation Authority has proposed service
cuts. Which is why Mayor Bloomberg is moving to lay off more than 19,000
workers, including cops, teachers and those firefighters. Which is why suburban
taxpayers are in for a rude awakening when the state's budget year starts April
1.

With the governor combating scandals, with the Legislature paralyzed by fear of
political blowback, Ravitch has drawn a road map for easing New York toward
responsible solvency over the next five years - and keeping the state there.

He's offering a tough bargain. Albany would be able to borrow a limited amount
on a short-term basis to blunt severe dislocations, provided the governor and
Legislature accepted tight controls and tough accounting standards that would
bring the budget into honest balance by around 2015.

Borrowing to pay bills is decidedly distasteful. But in this dire circumstance,
under tight restrictions, it would be a least-bad alternative - as long as it
also bought fiscal integrity.

Even then, Ravitch's plan represents only a first step. Paterson, Assembly
Speaker Sheldon Silver, Senate Democratic Conference chief John Sampson and
Senate Republican Minority Leader Dean Skelos would still face the duty of
cutting more than $7 billion in spending.

Technically, they are supposed to get the job done in the coming three weeks. As
matters now stand, they will blow that deadline, pushing the state ever nearer
to actually running out of cash, perhaps by June. Paterson may be forced toward
unilateral action or helter-skelter budget bills.

That must not happen. Paterson, Silver, Sampson and Skelos, Democrats and
Republicans alike, must join in unified, bipartisan problem solving. Posturing
about cutting taxes, as Republicans are doing, or about raising them, as some
Democrats are doing, does not serve the public good. One is fantasy; the other
is folly.

All sides must recognize that this unprecedented crisis demands more creative
and dramatic solutions than they have ever considered. They must join with
Ravitch in fashioning them.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     March 14, 2001 Wednesday, Home Edition

Strength in diversity;
Hewitt stitches a cohesive unit with players from disparate backgrounds

BYLINE: Norman Arey

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 825 words


San Diego --- One thing the players on Georgia Tech's roster have in common is
their lack of commonality.

From Alvin Jones, who was born in Luxembourg, to Tony Akins, who is
African-American/Korean, to Robert Brooks from Saginaw, Mich., to Michael
Isenhour, who transferred from the Air Force Academy, to Shaun Fein, who came to
Georgia Tech from Division II Stonehill College, to coach Paul Hewitt, who was
born in Jamaica, this is one diverse group of athletes.

They've meshed into a close-knit team that has not only overachieved, but also
managed to finagle Tech's first NCAA tournament invitation in five years. The
Yellows Jackets (17-12) are seeded No. 8 and will play No. 9 St. Joseph's (25-6)
in the NCAA West subregional in San Diego on Thursday.

Hewitt, the ACC Coach of the Year, inherited this patchwork of players from
former coach Bobby Cremins and stitched it into a quilt of a team.

Darryl LaBarrie, who transferred to Tech from Florida A&M, is described by
Hewitt as having an old man's game. "He's like a guy in a YMCA pick-up game ---
a little disheveled, his shot isn't all that pretty, but he's a crafty player."

After LaBarrie scored 13 against Virginia in the ACC tournament, one of the
first questions to the Decatur native was about his throwback Afro hairstyle,
which matches his throwback game. "I guess it matches my old man's game,"
LaBarrie said, smiling. "Yeah, I get a lot of grief about it, but I like it."

Fein arrived at Tech even though then-coach Bobby Cremins had never seen him
play. Cremins signed Fein on the advice of Jon Babul, Drew Barry and Stephon
Marbury, who had played with him in pick-up games. Fein is the lone player on
Tech's team who has been to an NCAA tournament. He helped take Stonehill to the
Division II tourney. And it was played at Siena, the former team of Hewitt.
Small world.

Babul has had the longest and hardest journey, not in miles but in effort. The
6-foot-7 fifth-year senior, whose twin, Mike, was a four-year starter for UMass,
has been injured almost from the day he stepped on campus. The Massachusetts
native still is playing with a painful right hip that required surgery. Yet he's
the staple of this team, perhaps as indispensable as Jones and Akins. Babul
makes his living rebounding and playing defense. "He's the key to their team,"
Wake Forest's Dave Odom said. "He's the glue."

The 6-11 Jones, who was named first-team All-ACC, was perceived as a malcontent
until Hewitt arrived. Instead of leaving early for the NBA, Jones stayed to
develop into the best center in the ACC. "He's meant everything," Jones says of
Hewitt. "He's made me into what I am."

One pro scout described Akins as a point guard who will get his coach fired. But
a case can be made that Akins was no worse than the second-best point guard in
the ACC this season behind Jason Williams of Duke. Akins leads the team in
scoring with 14.5 points per game, and his turnover-to-assist ratio is his most
improved statistic.

Marvin Lewis was a 4.0 student out of Germantown, Md., who had the highest prep
credentials of the three freshmen. Lewis has started every game and is the
second-highest scoring first-year player in the league despite playing out of
position all year. His 4.5 rebounds per game are No. 2 behind Jones.

Halston Lane, from Oak Ridge, Tenn., was named ACC Rookie of the Week three
times. He scored 23 in Tech's upset of Kentucky and 21 in the upset of Wake
Forest. Known as "The Oak Ridge Reactor" by his teammates, Lane also takes a lot
of ribbing about his heavy Southern accent.

T.J. Vines was a wonderful athlete at Etowah High in Woodstock, starting on the
football and basketball teams. Vines' role is as a defensive stopper, hustle
specialist and occasional instant offense. Vines is one of the tougher guys on
the team and spends as much time on the floor as on his feet.

Brooks is very active, very athletic, but his talent is yet to be developed. He
averaged almost three points and three rebounds.

Isenhour gives Jones and Babul a breather. The 6-8 Lawrenceville native has been
involved in a couple of incidents that led one ACC player to refer to him as a
"thug."

Hewitt said his team's diverse makeup is not that unusual.

"It's not as unique as you might think, especially at the high levels where
schools recruit all over the country," he said. "That's one of the challenges
you have, getting kids who are very proud of where they're from to respect the
others. After coming through so much, they realized the only people they could
count on were each other. This team really meshed, really bonded."

"To be good, you have to be close on and off the court," Fein said. "In the
past, we hadn't been too friendly off the court. But we realized that only the
people in that room were going to make it happen; there was no one else."

ON THE WEB: Talk about Tech's NCAA chances:
www.accessatlanta.com/sports/college/tech/

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
HALSTON LANE
"The Oak Ridge Reactor" from Tennessee won ACC Rookie honors three times. Photo:

MARVIN LEWIS
4.0 student from Germantown, Md. Has started every games as a freshman. Photo:
TONY AKINS
Born in Michigan; Akins almost signed with the Wolverines. Photo:
JON BABUL
From North Attleboro, Mass. Has been injured throughout career at Tech Photo:
ROBERT BROOKS
Out of Saginaw, Mich., this freshman has a lot of potential. Photo:
SHAUN FEIN
Transferred from Division II Stonehill College in Massachusetts Photo:
DARRYL LaBARRIE
Transfer from Florida A[M] played at Tucker High School in Decatur Photo:
T.J. VINES
Product of Etowah High School in Woodstock; defensive specialist. Photo:
Paul Hewitt Photo:
ALVIN JONES
Born in Luxembourg; skipped NBA draft for senior season Graphic:
TOURNAMENT TV SCHEDULE
All games on CBS
THURSDAY
12:40 p.m.: Georgia State vs. Wisconsin; Boise, Idaho
2:45 p.m.*: Georgia Tech vs. St. Joseph's; San Diego
7:40 p.m.: Duke vs. Monmouth; Greensboro, N.C.
10:10 p.m.*: Georgia vs. Missouri; Greensboro, N.C.
*Approximate time. Starts 30 minutes after previous game ends
FRIDAY
12:30 p.m.: Butler vs. Wake Forest or Gonzaga vs. Virginia
3 p.m.*: Western Kentucky vs. Florida; New Orleans
7:55 p.m.: Iona vs. Ole Miss; Kansas City, Mo.
10:20 p.m.*: Princeton vs. N. Carolina; New Orleans Photo:
From left, Clarence Moore, Tony Akins and Alvin Jones exchange a little light
banter at Hartsfield Airport before leaving for San Diego. / RICH ADDICKS /
Staff

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 January 21, 1992, Tuesday, UNAVAILABLE EDITION

Just like in the '70s, it's good to be Elliott Gould

BYLINE: BY CRAIG MACINNES TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 784 words


In another kind of town, the idea of a maitre d' knowing more than the corporate
big shots and high powered critics he welcomes into his establishment would be
considered ludicrous.

But this is Hollywood we're talking about, where, without the right pedigree, it
can take up to three months to finagle a weekend table at Spago or Ca'Brea, the
hot new noshery on LaBrea.

In L.A., a good maitre d' is as influential as a casting agent. Only difference
is, a casting agent can't stick you in a faraway corner of a room so people know
what a loser you are.

So, when Elliott Gould, still bathing in the critical afterglow of his
"comeback" role in Bugsy, hears a hot rumor from the serving staff at his
favorite diner, he perks up.

"I was in a place the other night," Gould relates over the phone from his
Beverly Hills pad, "and the maitre d' said to me: 'I hear you may be nominated
for an Academy Award.'

"It got me to thinking, 'Hmmm, maybe I should take out an ad (in the trade
papers to promote himself to the Academy's votership).

"But then I found out that Tri-Star ( Bugsy's production company) had already
bought an ad for me."

This, in itself, shouldn't be enough to persuade Gould to pull his tux out of
mothballs. Not yet, anyway.

But when you've been on the shelf as long as the 53-year-old Brooklyn native -
his screen credits include such long-ago hits as Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice,
M*A*S*H, The Long Goodbye and Getting Straight - you take whatever encouragement
you can get.

One of the great screen actors of the '70s, Gould turns in a tiny but affecting
role in Bugsy as Warren Beatty's dim-witted companion, Harry Greenberg.

Gould gained considerable weight for the part, the better to convey Greenberg's
listless, plodding manner. The Gould of old - brash, prepossessing - is almost
invisible here.

It's a tour de force in a film loaded with such performances. Along with Gould,
Ben Kingsley (as Meyer Lanksy) and Harvey Keitel (as Mickey Cohen) are also
being touted for best supporting actor nominations.

Fresh from winning the best dramatic picture award at last weekend's Golden
Globes, Bugsy is also expected to garner Oscar nominations for its star Beatty
and his leading lady, Annette Bening, as well as for director Barry Levinson.

"I don't want to be involved in a political game," says Gould, who knows just
how political the nomination process can be. He was nominated back in '69 for
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice.

"But to get (a nomination), yeah, that would be great."

Call it kismet, or a fluke, but Gould's comeback comes at a time when he's
pleased to report that one of his '70s collaborators, director Robert Altman, is
also on the rebound.

Altman, who directed Gould in M*A*S*H, California Split and The Long Goodbye,
has just finished a movie called The Player.

It's a Hollywood satire starring Tim Robbins as a studio exec, Peter Gallagher (
sex, lies and videotape) as a rival and Vincent D'Onofrio ( Mystic Pizza) as a
murdered screenwriter.

Gould has a small walk-on in The Player as himself. Altman cast several people,
including Gould, Cher, Nick Nolte, Belinda Carlisle and Young M.C. to play
themselves as gala-goers in a key scene.

"It's certainly his best work since Nashville," reports Gould, who attended a
closed screening the other night.

Based on the book by Michael Tolkin, The Player has yet to find a distributor.

Gould, meanwhile, is off to New Zealand to make a TV movie based on a Ray
Bradbury story with Canadian actress Mimi Kuzyk.

*

Cannes Fodder: Last year, Ontario was the Canadian province of choice at the
Cannes movie festival in France, with raves for such homegrown pictures as Atom
Egoyan's The Adjuster, Deepa Mehta's Sam & Me, Kevin McMahon's The Falls and the
Gail Singer comic-doc, Wisecracks.

In the best tradition of cultural balance, it appears Quebec is on schedule to
dominate the Canadian portion of this year's festival, which runs May 7-18 on
the sunny Cote d'Azur.

So far, highest unconfirmed rating goes to Jean Claude Lauzon's new feature,
Leolo. It's the long-awaited follow-up to Lauzon's smash 1987 debut, Un Zoo La
Nuit, which went to Cannes that year and set off a chain reaction of media hype
that didn't die down until well after the film played the Toronto festival that
fall.

Other Quebec-made features that stand a good chance of earning an invite to
Cannes include Jacques Leduc's La Vie Fantome and Montreal Vue Par. The latter
is a sextet of short films in the tradition of New York Stories and combines the
work of four French Canadian directors ( Denys Arcand, Michel Brault, Lea Pool,
Leduc) and two from Toronto (Egoyan, Patricia Rozema).


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Elliott Gould

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         January 21, 1992, Tuesday, AM

Just like in the '70s, it's good to be Elliott Gould

BYLINE: by Craig MacInnes TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 784 words


   In another kind of town, the idea of a maitre d' knowing more than the
corporate big shots and high powered critics he welcomes into his establishment
would be considered ludicrous.

But this is Hollywood we're talking about, where, without the right pedigree, it
can take up to three months to finagle a weekend table at Spago or Ca'Brea, the
hot new noshery on LaBrea.

In L.A., a good maitre d' is as influential as a casting agent. Only difference
is, a casting agent can't stick you in a faraway corner of a room so people know
what a loser you are.

So, when Elliott Gould, still bathing in the critical afterglow of his
"comeback" role in Bugsy, hears a hot rumor from the serving staff at his
favorite diner, he perks up.

"I was in a place the other night," Gould relates over the phone from his
Beverly Hills pad, "and the maitre d' said to me: 'I hear you may be nominated
for an Academy Award.'

"It got me to thinking, 'Hmmm, maybe I should take out an ad (in the trade
papers to promote himself to the Academy's votership).

"But then I found out that Tri-Star ( Bugsy's production company) had already
bought an ad for me."

This, in itself, shouldn't be enough to persuade Gould to pull his tux out of
mothballs. Not yet, anyway.

But when you've been on the shelf as long as the 53-year-old Brooklyn native -
his screen credits include such long-ago hits as Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice,
M*A*S*H, The Long Goodbye and Getting Straight - you take whatever encouragement
you can get.

One of the great screen actors of the '70s, Gould turns in a tiny but affecting
role in Bugsy as Warren Beatty's dim-witted companion, Harry Greenberg.

Gould gained considerable weight for the part, the better to convey Greenberg's
listless, plodding manner. The Gould of old - brash, prepossessing - is almost
invisible here.

It's a tour de force in a film loaded with such performances. Along with Gould,
Ben Kingsley (as Meyer Lanksy) and Harvey Keitel (as Mickey Cohen) are also
being touted for best supporting actor nominations.

Fresh from winning the best dramatic picture award at last weekend's Golden
Globes, Bugsy is also expected to garner Oscar nominations for its star Beatty
and his leading lady, Annette Bening, as well as for director Barry Levinson.

"I don't want to be involved in a political game," says Gould, who knows just
how political the nomination process can be. He was nominated back in '69 for
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice.

"But to get (a nomination), yeah, that would be great."

Call it kismet, or a fluke, but Gould's comeback comes at a time when he's
pleased to report that one of his '70s collaborators, director Robert Altman, is
also on the rebound.

Altman, who directed Gould in M*A*S*H, California Split and The Long Goodbye,
has just finished a movie called The Player.

It's a Hollywood satire starring Tim Robbins as a studio exec, Peter Gallagher (
sex, lies and videotape) as a rival and Vincent D'Onofrio ( Mystic Pizza) as a
murdered screenwriter.

Gould has a small walk-on in The Player as himself. Altman cast several people,
including Gould, Cher, Nick Nolte, Belinda Carlisle and Young M.C. to play
themselves as gala-goers in a key scene.

"It's certainly his best work since Nashville," reports Gould, who attended a
closed screening the other night.

Based on the book by Michael Tolkin, The Player has yet to find a distributor.

Gould, meanwhile, is off to New Zealand to make a TV movie based on a Ray
Bradbury story with Canadian actress Mimi Kuzyk.

*

Cannes Fodder: Last year, Ontario was the Canadian province of choice at the
Cannes movie festival in France, with raves for such homegrown pictures as Atom
Egoyan's The Adjuster, Deepa Mehta's Sam & Me, Kevin McMahon's The Falls and the
Gail Singer comic-doc, Wisecracks.

In the best tradition of cultural balance, it appears Quebec is on schedule to
dominate the Canadian portion of this year's festival, which runs May 7-18 on
the sunny Cote d'Azur.

So far, highest unconfirmed rating goes to Jean Claude Lauzon's new feature,
Leolo. It's the long-awaited follow-up to Lauzon's smash 1987 debut, Un Zoo La
Nuit, which went to Cannes that year and set off a chain reaction of media hype
that didn't die down until well after the film played the Toronto festival that
fall.

Other Quebec-made features that stand a good chance of earning an invite to
Cannes include Jacques Leduc's La Vie Fantome and Montreal Vue Par. The latter
is a sextet of short films in the tradition of New York Stories and combines the
work of four French Canadian directors ( Denys Arcand, Michel Brault, Lea Pool,
Leduc) and two from Toronto (Egoyan, Patricia Rozema).

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Elliott GouldMovies

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 18, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

VIEWS OF SPORT;
AN AMERICAN IN PARIS: HIS BASKETBALL IN NEW YORK

BYLINE: By PHIL BERGER;Phil Berger is the author of ''The Last Laugh: The World
of the Stand-Up Comics,'' to be reissued this fall by Limelight Editions.

SECTION: Section 5; Page 2, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1595 words


NOT long ago, the four-time Olympic champion discus thrower, Al Oerter, used the
term ''cabin fever'' to describe the agitated state he found himself in while
recovering from an injury. By Oerter's account, his body was so wired for hard
and regular use that, once deprived of his workouts, his mental equilibrium was
out of whack.

To a sedentary soul, such talk may sound a bit precious, but there are those of
us who, making no pretense to world-class bodies, identify with the malaise. We
are workout addicts who are as susceptible as Oerter to feeling lowdown when we
are detoured from our games.

As one of those zealots, I have relied on an almost daily dose of sports
activity over the years to keep spirits up, occasionally even going to extremes
to stay in action. As a 12-year-old, there was the time the family doctor
diagnosed my large toe as being broken and recommended a short sabbatical from
schoolyard basketball. Hearing the news, my cronies studied me for the nervous
twitches they figured such a prescribed course would induce, and found instead a
smile flickering across my lips as I laced up my sneaks and said, ''Let's play
ball.''

I have become more a respecter of the body's frailties, courtesy of middle age.
But, like the others who inhabit the Tuesday/Thursday morning basketball game in
which I play, I have been known to finagle to keep that two-hour slot free.
There are times when a business prospect looms, and a meeting is required, but
let the party on the other end of the phone propose Tuesday or Thursday morning
and I will make a pretense of studying my calendar before discovering that I'm
''tied up.'' Implicit in this deception is, of course, the recognition that my
passion - shared by gym colleagues - is just outside the pale.

Recently, this workout addict and his wife traveled to England and France on
holiday. I had been to Europe several times before. For Leslie, it was her first
time. She was looking forward to sightseeing, London theater, French restaurants
and whatever other adventures might be squeezed into three and a half weeks. I
anticipated, more or less, the same pleasures, but confess to feeling uneasy
about what all this wanderlust would do to an exercise regimen that these days
includes running and weight lifting as well as basketball.

In previous trips to Europe, I had not been concerned about such things. In
previous trips to Europe, I had been single.

But the fact that this was Leslie's first journey abroad made conscience my new
(and gnawing) travel accessory. What's more, my wife is not comforted in quite
the way I am by exercise. Once, on my return from a run in Central Park, she
looked up from ''Movie for a Sunday Afternoon'' and asked: ''Good run?'' When I
indicated it was, she proceeded to stretch her body with nearly rapturous
pleasure before saying, ''I could tell. I feel much better. Thanks.''

Exported to Europe, such dedication as hers was, I figured, not apt to promote a
workout addict's laissez faire. But once ashore in London, I managed. I had not
figured in advance where the time would come from for play, but it turned out to
be simple enough. A wake-up call at an hour that only Jack La Lanne could
forgive would send me stumbling out toward a small tranquil park on Russell
Square, near our hotel. Around its outer circular path I would run laps,
returning to the hotel room where Leslie was still too sleepy to extol the
benefits of my run on her person.

After a few days, though, I grew weary of doing laps and went in search of a
basketball game. What I found at the London YMCA was a sport that has been
relegated to a patch of floor at the far end of the gym - a kind of athlete's
Siberia. The rest of the basketball court was taken up with badminton nets and
an apparently endless supply of fanatics swatting the shuttlecock back and
forth. In my squatter's corner of the gym, I did what basketball nuts without a
game do: I shot the ball over envisioned opponents, moving along the floor
without stop until I had worked up a sweat.

I then proceeded to the weight room. Back in New York, I had taken to doing
stretching exercises on basketball days. Exposure to the bodybuilding
environment had coaxed me into trying the iron game myself. In this I was joined
by another basketball regular, who had soon become so caught up in ''getting
big'' - weightlifter jargon for acquiring Lou Ferrigno-quality definition - that
he was now doing two-hour workouts before playing ball and tinkering with
protein supplements to reach hulking proportions. I was content to remain in the
skinny man division. Yet when my weight-lifting partner delivered a comical
forecast regarding the tattered state he expected to find my so-called physique
in after the temptations of Europe, I promised the last laugh.

Stepping into the weight room of the London Y, I meant to undermine his
prophesy. I slapped onto the bar two plates marked ''10 kilograms'' apiece,
thinking I was adding about 20 pounds total, a calculation based on my
misinformed notion that a kilogram was roughly the equivalent of our pound. In
fact, it is 2.2046 pounds avoirdupois.

This discovery came upon me with startling force when the bar dropped to my
chest as I lay supine on the bench, straining to press it upward. My fellow
lifter helped pry the bar off me.

In Paris, where we spent the next two weeks, the pace quickened. We moved from
museums and other postcard-Paris sights to impromptu walks along the richly
varied streets of the city, ending late at night in one or another restaurant
where I would consume entrees steeped in subtle yet high-caloric sauces, and
desserts usually sunk in pools of hot chocolate.

In Paris, I lengthened my early-morning runs, taken hard by the Seine, near
Notre Dame. It was a scenic route - river traffic, erotic sculpture, and, of
course, Notre Dame's striking silhouette. But as in London, the run went only so
far. Soon I was in search of a basketball game.

One morning, I spotted a sign on my running path that said, ''Centre Sportif.''
Though I speak no French, I felt reasonably certain that I was looking at a
sports facility. I halted my run to investigate, wandering into a concrete foyer
that led to a locker room and eventually to a custodian pushing a broom. In
negotiated language - he spoke no English - he conveyed to me that Ping-Pong,
not basketball, was played at the Centre Sportif, and ended writing the address
of a gym where he thought I would find the game I wanted.

But the rush of events in Paris at first left no time for me at those reasonable
hours when most gyms conduct their business. The game was, apparently, still on
my mind.

One morning, we wandered onto a scenic side street near Boulevard St.-Germain
that turned onto other such streets. From a walled enclosure some 10 feet above
street level, we heard the sound of a ball bounced off a hard surface, a
basketball I swore, with not a glimmer of doubt. Leslie saw the hot look in my
eye and was sympathetic. She collared a local and, speaking to him in French,
asked where that sound might be coming from.

An agreeable fellow, he led us around the corner to the door of the school that
stood behind those walls. On inquiry there, it turned out that what I had heard
was the sound of a volleyball game in motion. We exited, with me feeling like
one of those confused fellows from the movies, who wander across sunstroke
deserts, seeing oases everywhere and still coming up dry.

By my last Saturday in Paris I was in the throes of what the comedians Cheech
and Chong call a ''Basketball Jones,'' a serious need for a game. With Leslie
now in her hard-core shopping mode and my conscience clean, I declared myself a
free agent. The room clerk at the Hotel Esmeralda was a former academic from
Peru, now studying in Paris. He worked the phones, queried a Parisian friend,
and eventually came up with a plan of attack.

''Here, take this,'' he said, handing me his university student I.D. With that,
I, in the guise of Fernando Carvallo, was to proceed up Boulevard St.-Michel,
past Luxembourg Gardens, to Avenue George Bernanos, where, Monsieur Carvallo
assured me, I would flimflam the guard about my merely vague resemblance to the
man pictured on his I.D. and proceed to a spankingly modern student basketball
facility.

That was the plan, a plan rooted, we knew in some desperation, but worth the
shot - given my need. And for a while it looked like it even might work. The
guard stirred not a bit when, waving Fernando's I.D., I strode past him and then
through a door that looked down onto an National Basketball Association-quality
court - glass backboards and Simonized floor. Bingo! The promised land. Or so I
thought, just before mixed doubles pairs of Ping-Pong players began to
materialize. As they rolled Ping-Pong tables onto the floor, I began to feel as
if I was now caught up in a Monty Python movie. But, as in London, at least
there was enough court for me to shoot around.

All I needed was a ball. I asked some of the Ping-Pong players where I might get
one, but they had no idea. I descended a stairwell that put me in a long
hallways lined with offices. I tried several doors. They were locked. I tried
one more. A startled coed looked out at me from what appeared to be women's
dressing quarters.

I headed back up the stairs, pondered for a moment other options, could come up
with none and left, thinking: Europe, big guy, you licked me this time. But God
and People Express willing, I'll be back. With a basketball next time, pal.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      April 29, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

Guns' move to Albuquerque may be unravelling

BYLINE: Fred Collins

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. B5

LENGTH: 453 words


The conditional purchase of the Calgary Cannons and the proposed move of the
Pacific Coast League baseball franchise to Albuquerque for the 2002 season may
be coming apart at the seams like a cheap suit.

The prospective owner of the team, Mike Koldyke of Chicago, and politicians in
the New Mexico city aren't even on the same page as a Monday midnight deadline
approaches for a rental agreement -- either for a new facility or, worse-case
scenario, to play in a renovated Sports Stadium.

"They are trying to finagle different deals," the president of city council,
Brad Winter, told the Albuquerque Journal. "They want the people of Albuquerque
to have (all) the risk."

Two councillors, in fact, told the newspaper they weren't interested in any new
deals with Koldyke.

Ken Young, who will run the Triple-A club for the Chicago investor, said a
rental fee of $850,000 US per season for a refurbished park is far too high.

The groups agree on what the rent would be for a new stadium -- $1 million per
season for 25 years -- but they can't get together on terms for a lease at
Sports Stadium, built in 1969 and, until this season, home of the Albuquerque
Dukes.

If a lease agreement is inked by the Monday midnight deadline, folks in
Albuquerque will have a better idea what they're actually voting for in a bond
issue that would be held May 30. Voters then would have three choices: A new
stadium, likely to be built downtown; a renovated park or do nothing.

According to the Journal, informal polls lean towards refurbishing Sports
Stadium. In that scenario, apparently, Koldyke, who has had a conditional
agreement to purchase from Calgary's Russ Parker since January, only seems
willing to pay $600,000 per season although, if revenues exceed a certain
amount, he'd be prepared to pay extra.

Both groups seem to be digging in.

"Hey, baseball teams don't grow on trees," said Young, a veiled threat that
Koldyke held all the cards. "It's not as though every year someone will pop up
and want to bring a Triple-A team to Albuquerque."

"We didn't just pull that number out of a hat," Coun. Greg Payne said of the
$850,000, the city's bottom line.

Added Winter: "This is a number that was agreed to by owners and the city. It
was talked about. Now the owners are getting cold feet. They don't want to take
a risk on a renovated stadium. They want the city to take it."

"We should have had this contract lined up before we rushed into a (May 30)
vote," Payne said. "The rules keep changing. This is a pathetic way to take this
before the public."

The tab to renovate Sports Stadium is $25 million, about $10 million less than
the projected cost of a new park.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Greg Suvino, Associated Press ; IRL driver, Casey Mears
soars over Al Unser Jr. as he crashes with Jack Miller,, left, Cory Witherill,
16, and Jeret Schroeder in a 11-car wreck on, Lap 53 during Saturday's zMax 500
in Hampton, Ga. Miller was taken, to hospital for treatment of a concussion, but
there were no other, serious injuries in the spectacular crash. Greg Ray, who
led 184 of, 200 laps, won the race.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

WAYS and MEANS;
OVER FOUR DECADES, Russell Means has led an insurrection, posed for Andy Warhol,
aspired to be an assassin and been arguably the most influential public figure
in fighting racism against the American Indian. Now, in his quest to start his
own country, the road to success might run down Embassy Row.

BYLINE: Bill Donahue

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. W08

LENGTH: 7365 words


The voice was booming and imperious as it came out of the bathroom, wafting over
the blandly hip decor of the Dupont Circle hotel room. Ã'If you excuse me a
moment,Ã" said Russell Means, Ã'I'm going to braid my hair.Ã"

I knew that Means was not talking about some quick twist-and-tie ponytail job,
but rather the painstaking culmination of a resplendent costume. Means is
6-foot-1, with a powerful broad-boned physique. He is the actor who played the
last Mohican in the 1992 film Ã'The Last of the Mohicans,Ã" and he is the
onetime leader of the revolutionary American Indian Movement, or AIM. Arguably
the most famous living Indian activist, he performs his role with panache.
Already on this bright, cold morning in February, he was wearing dangling
turquoise earrings, a crimson wool Navajo vest and black silver-tipped cowboy
boots. His broad, truculent brow was creased with wear.

Means's life has been something like a Johnny Cash song. He has done prison time
for inciting a riot, and has been stabbed, accused of murder, hit by two bullets
and divorced four times. Long ago, he was a fancy dance champion and a rodeo
star. Even now, at age 68, he remains a forceful presence -- a warrior.

On this visit to the nation's capital, Means was, per usual, fighting the United
States of America. Along with three other Lakota Indians, he had recently
severed his ties with the United States and declared himself a founding member
of a new, autonomous nation -- the Republic of Lakotah. Unsanctioned by their
tribal government, and speaking only for themselves, the dissidents claimed
dominion over more than 93,000 square miles of traditional Lakota territory -- a
continuous chunk of sparsely populated dry land that includes parts of Nebraska,
South Dakota, North Dakota, Montana and Wyoming.

Means was here in Washington seeking diplomatic recognition from the world
community so that he could ultimately finagle a seat at the United Nations,
whether the U.S. of A. likes it or not. His motto, borrowed from Gandhi, is,
Ã'First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you
win.Ã"

The plan was to barnstorm Embassy Row. He hoped to visit ambassadors from
several U.S. adversaries (Venezuela and Serbia, for instance) as well as from a
few other countries he deemed likely allies -- for instance, Bolivia, which has
an indigenous president in Evo Morales, and Finland, which, in Means's view,
Ã'appreciates freedom because it's always been an independent ally of Russia.Ã"

It would be a four-day mission, and Means was traveling with an attache,
Lakotah's volunteer attorney general, Jerry Collette. A Libertarian activist and
a paralegal who recently emigrated to Lakotah from his longtime home in North
Carolina, Collette is most renowned for the intricate, loopholing legal work he
did last winter to enable the supporters of presidential candidate Ron Paul to
fly a campaign blimp up and down the East Coast. Ethnically French-Canadian,
Collette is 56 years old, with long gray hair and a shaggy gray beard. In
contrast to Means, he is a meager physical presence -- slender and only
5-foot-4. On this road trip, as Means luxuriated on the hotel's single queen
bed, Collette was sleeping on the floor. Ã'I'm a guerrilla,Ã" he explained,
Ã'and if you're a guerrilla, you just don't grumble about little discomforts.Ã"

At the moment, Collette was standing outside the bathroom, valet-like, reporting
on the progress he'd made that morning, canvassing embassies on his cellphone.
Ã'I called Iceland,Ã" he said, Ã'and they can't meet with us. They're busy. They
said to just drop off a petition.Ã"

Ã'They're busy?Ã" Means asked. Ã'What does Iceland have to be busy about?Ã"

Collette paused a moment, and then, without answering, he said, Ã'But can we
just drop off the petition?Ã"

Ã'We're too busy,Ã" Means said, his voice laced with a larksome, sardonic
swagger, and Collette went back to his phone, squaring away the logistics for a
full afternoon of visiting embassies.

After a few minutes, Means emerged. His braids were done, and now he reached for
his sunglasses -- Dolce & Gabbanas.

Ã'Well, then,Ã" said Russell Means, Ã'are we ready?Ã"

The first embassy of the day was East Timor, which is actually not on Embassy
Row but rather in a nondescript office building near the Van Ness-UDC Metro
station. Means and Collette took the elevator to the fifth floor. The Timorese
suite was dimly lit and sparsely appointed, new-smelling. East Timor is a
fledgling Southeast Asian nation that is still adjusting to independence after
having been occupied, from 1975 to 1999, by neighboring Indonesia, whose
military caused the death of more than 100,000 Timorese people, or roughly 10
percent of the population. The ambassador, Constancio Pinto, 45, spent much of
his adolescence running from bombs, sleeping in caves and subsisting on leaves.
A small, dapper man in a black business suit, he greeted the Lakotans genially.
Ã'Welcome,Ã" he said. Ã'You are our first visitors.Ã" From Lakotah, he meant.

They went into the conference room, and then Means spoke dryly, without
referring to notes, telling Pinto that the United States is now occupying Lakota
country illegally, in violation of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie, which
granted the Lakota control of the Black Hills in western South Dakota. The
treaty was repealed by Congress in 1877, and the Lakota have struggled ever
since. Ã'We are the poorest people in America,Ã" Means said, Ã'and we have the
shortest life span in America, too. The life expectancy for Lakota women is 47;
for a man, it's 44. After 155 years of genocide, our way of life is on the brink
of extinction. We have finally decided to withdraw from the United States and
save our people and our lands. Here is our petition.Ã"

Means handed Pinto a slim portfolio that consisted of a two-sentence cover
letter followed by many pages of excerpts from the Louisiana Purchase of 1803,
among other documents. For a moment, Pinto read silently. Means sat with his
legs crossed, his chin canted back. His air was not disrespectful, but it was
vaguely proprietary. On the wall behind him was a framed photo of U.S. soldiers
happily drinking beer in East Timor. This was surprising because, as Means had
reminded me earlier, the United States had generously supported the Indonesians
during the war.

Ã'I know that the U.S. facilitated the genocide of East Timor,Ã" Means said now.
Ã'I do understand the complexities of the world, and I understand the
imperialist monster that is the United States of America.Ã" He paused; there was
an awkward silence. Ã'But they can't bomb Lakotah,Ã" Means said. Ã'We have too
many white people living among us.Ã"

Pinto looked up. Ã'Um, as you know,Ã" he began, Ã'we are trying to put the war
behind us. It was a very painful process. So many people died. Eighty-nine
percent of our infrastructure was destroyed. Our whole country was leveled, and
now we are trying to rebuild. The U.S. has been very supportive. Over the past
five years, they have been our biggest donors of aid.Ã"

Ã'Really?Ã" said Means. He was shocked.

Ã'Yes, they have given us up to $25 million a year. I will give this petition to
the capitol, in Dili, butÃ" -- Pinto laughed, a bit nervously -- Ã'I can assure
you that my government will not take a position.Ã"

There was a minute or two of closing niceties. Outside on the sidewalk, Means
said, Ã'I loved his straightforwardness.Ã"

I said it was shocking how many people East Timor lost in the war.

Means sneered at me. Ã'On the continental United States in 1492,Ã" he said,
Ã'there was 12 to 14 million people -- Indians. And according to the 2000
census, there were just 250,000 full bloods left. We've lost 99.6 percent of our
population.Ã"

His math was a little shaky. For one thing, Census statistics indicate that in
2000 there were 2.5 million U.S. citizens who claimed no ancestry other than
Ã'American IndianÃ" or Ã'Alaskan Native.Ã" But I said nothing.

We kept walking, and, as Means descended the stairs into the Metro station,
wearing the Dolce & Gabbanas again, a woman passing by did a double take.

Russell Means became an American icon in 1973. As a telegenic and quotable front
man for AIM, he starred on TV as 250 Native Americans took over the sole church
in tiny Wounded Knee, S.D., and seized control of the town, which sits amid the
desolate brown hills of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. For 71 days, even as
the National Guard's armored tanks lurked in the pine trees and federal
helicopters whirred overhead, spraying sniper fire, Means and his fellow Indians
held their ground, bearing but a few old shotguns and hunting rifles as they
burned down Wounded Knee's grocery store and flew the American flag upside down.

The conflict was a reprise of an earlier, symbolically potent battle -- an 1890
massacre that saw the U.S. Cavalry kill more than 150 Lakota men, women, and
children. Wounded Knee II was a feud over what it means to be an American
Indian. For much of the preceding century, the nation's indigenous people had
been forcibly assimilated. They'd been legally denied the right to practice
their religious rituals -- the sun dance, for instance -- and shepherded into
government-run boarding schools where white administrators cut the students'
long hair and forbade them to speak their native languages.

For some Indians in the early 1970s, the indignities were manageable: They
harbored hope that in time the U.S. system could accommodate them -- that tribal
governments, which answer to the Department of the Interior, could incrementally
improve life for Native Americans.

Other Indians saw no such hope. Taking cues from the Black Panthers, they
decreed that it was time to get radical, to proudly and violently assert their
racial identity. These radicals saw their assimilationist counterparts as
sellouts -- or Ã'half-breeds,Ã" as Means puts it -- and in 1972 they found a
target for their ire: Dick Wilson, the newly elected Pine Ridge tribal chair. A
crew-cut Lakota prone to frothing with hatred for communists, Wilson bore a
special animus for Means. At one point, he threatened, Ã'I, Dick Wilson, will
personally cut his braids off.Ã"

In AIM's view, Wilson was a puppet of the U.S. government. In the early days of
his administration, he gave the Feds a large chunk of the Pine Ridge
reservation, Sheep Mountain, that was coveted for its uranium and molybdenum
deposits. In turn, the attorney general's office sent 65 U.S. marshals to keep
the peace on Pine Ridge, by surrounding the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA)
building there at gunpoint.

Wounded Knee II was a retort -- a fiery demonstration calling for Wilson's
removal. The U.S. government was there to defend Wilson as legitimate. Means
played a valiant David to the Fed's Goliath. At one point, he announced to the
surrounding forces: Ã'You're going to have to kill us. I'm going to die for my
treaty rights.Ã" The press reveled -- and lingered long on Means's hairy past.

Raised near San Francisco, the oldest child of a physically abusive Lakota
mother and a Lakota father who struggled with alcoholism, Means burglarized
stores and stole wallets from bar patrons before discovering AIM in 1969. Then,
he resolved, as he put it in his 1995 autobiography, Where White Men Fear to
Tread, Ã'never again would I seek personal approval from white society on white
terms. Instead Ã[0/00] I would get in the white man's face until he gave me and
my people our just due. With that decision, my whole existence suddenly came
into focus.Ã"

In 1972, in Washington, Means helped lead 300 AIM affiliates in a six-day
occupation of the BIA building -- a gambit that saw the Indians smashing the
bathrooms and offices, toppling file cabinets and Ã'repossessingÃ" Indian
paintings, pottery and rugs. Soon after that, he protested the killing of a
fellow Lakota by leading hundreds of Indians to a demonstration at the county
courthouse in Custer, S.D. There, he gouged a police officer in the eye. A
nearby chamber of commerce building burned to the ground.

After the Custer riot, he was out of jail the following day -- Ã'just in time,Ã"
as he gloats, Ã'to see national television coverage.Ã"

The 1973 occupation of Wounded Knee failed to deliver clear-cut glory, however.
Means fled the battle zone under the cover of night, and the last of his
followers soon surrendered to authorities.

To some Native Americans, the whole campaign was little more than misguided
theater. This February, Tim Giago, founder of the Lakota Times, a newspaper,
wrote that Ã'an entire village was pillaged and destroyedÃ" without AIM ever
spending Ã'a single dollarÃ" to repair the wreckage.

But Wounded Knee had a ripple effect. It brought anti-Indian racism into the
newspapers and prompted a measure of social change. Sixty-six-year-old Lorraine
White Face, who lives on Pine Ridge, says: Ã'Before Russell Means took over
Wounded Knee, the stores in [nearby] Nebraska would have signs on them saying,
'No Indians Allowed.' You couldn't go to the movies or a cafe. After Wounded
Knee, all that changed.Ã"

America's romance with Indians surged, and, in his defiance, Means seemed like a
reincarnation of such Lakota legends as Sitting Bull, Rain in the Face, Gall and
Crazy Horse. When Means went to court in the wake of the Wounded Knee mayhem,
Marlon Brando and Harry Belafonte showed up, voicing support. (Means was found
not guilty of burglary and larceny charges.)

Then, in 1976, Andy Warhol invited Means to New York to sit for a portrait. In
Warhol's silk-screen, Means is fierce, staring straight out of the frame. He
wears a white bone neck choker and what looks like a brown leather rawhide robe.
An imaginative viewer can almost hear buffalo thundering away out on the Plains.
But still in Warhol's silk-screen there is something fake and disquieting about
Means's face. It's a mask-like splash of tan paint. The image is reminiscent of
the cheap coloration in long-ago Sunday comics pages. The caption, Warhol seems
to be telling us with a wink, could read, Ã'Wild Indian, Authentic.Ã"

At our first interview, over breakfast, Means was surly from the get-go. Within
five minutes of shaking my hand, he accosted me for my Ã'[expletive] white
racist arrogance. There's only one reason you people came to this continent,Ã"
he said. Ã'Greed! We Indians have our spirituality. We have our land, but
Americans have no culture except greed.Ã"

I changed the subject, asking Means how many Lakota backed his independence
claim. Ã'That's not germane,Ã" he barked. Ã'In all my years of international
relations, not once has anybody ever questioned my sovereignty. Even if I am
only speaking for myself and my brother, and I'm not, my sovereignty exists.
It's spelled out in the treaties.Ã"

Eventually, I'd learn that Means has only six or eight active Lakota supporters
scattered throughout North and South Dakota. Many other Lakota quietly share his
contempt for the U.S. government; some even long for a return to the hallowed
days of Lakota independence. And, while Means won 46 percent of the vote when he
ran unsuccessfully for Pine Ridge tribal chair in 2004, he has not endeared
himself with his desperado-style secession.

Ã'I'm a little frustrated that he just went ahead and went to Washington,Ã" says
Alex White Plume, a bison rancher who serves on the Black Hills Sioux Nation
Treaty Council, which fights for Indians' land rights. Ã'It's not like he came
up with a brand-new idea. We've talked about separating from the U.S. at treaty
council meetings. No traditional Lakota wants to be colonized, and actually I
wanted to bring a group to Washington myself. But I wanted to bring thousands.
Russell didn't build that kind of consensus. He never even sat down with our
traditional elders.Ã"

Ã'Russell didn't do the protocol,Ã" echoes Floyd Hand, also on the treaty
council. Ã'What I do is, I make people welcome at a meeting. I buy everybody
some meat and vegetables and fry bread. Russell went solo.Ã"

AIM is more severe in its critique of Means. In a press release, it has called
him Ã'clownishÃ" and has taken pains to note that Means has Ã'resigned from the
American Indian Movement at least six (6) times, the latest on January 8,
1988.Ã" No one from AIM would comment for this article.

But, for Means, the burned bridges behind him simply show that he's nobody's
lackey. He's free, and freedom is his foremost priority. He calls his republic
the Ã'epitome of liberty,Ã" promising that, once it's up and running (and that
could take decades, he says), it would issue its own licenses and passports as
it allowed its citizens a tax-free existence. There would be no police and no
jails. The economy would be based on wind power.

Ã'We get enough wind in our country to power the entire United States 24 hours a
day, seven days a week,Ã" he told me. Ã'We've formed an LLC, legal under U.S.
law, and we're going to join with large coal companies. We'll go to individual
landowners, both Lakota and non-Lakota, and lease their land and put windmills
on them. We have a business plan.Ã"

Means refused to share it, though. He was more interested in talking about
Lakotah's government, which, he said, would be matriarchal. Ã'A lot of people
think that just means that women run everything, but that isn't right,Ã" said
Means, who is, technically speaking, the chief facilitator for Lakotah's
provisional government. Ã'Matriarchy is where you celebrate the strengths of
each sex. Both men and women know their roles. People get along.Ã"

Lakotah would not be a democracy but rather a consensus-based system.
Ã'Individual liberty through community control,Ã" is how Means described it.
Ã'Everybody has a right to be racist, but their behavior is regulated by the
posse comitatus.Ã"

Means argued that American Indians flourished for centuries in matriarchal
societies. Ã'I quote,Ã" he said, holding a single index finger aloft, Ã'the
great Indian scholar Vine Deloria Jr.: 'The disagreement between Indian nations
was largely without the spilling of much blood. It was about as dangerous as a
professional football game.' We lived, from the top of the Arctic down to Tierra
del Fuego, in harmony, without any disease. It was Heaven on Earth. Then you
guys ruined it.Ã"

There was a bit of the thespian about Means, and I kept thinking of perhaps his
most cerebral Indian foe -- Chippewa novelist and critic Gerald Vizenor, who has
written: Ã'We're all invented as Indians. We're invented from traditional static
standards, and we are stuck in coins and words like artifacts.Ã" Vizenor holds
that, even as they live in contemporary society, playing bingo and using
computers, Indians find their identity shaped (and limited) by what white
Americans think Indians should be -- that is, savage, and appointed with cool
moccasins and colorful headdresses.

There's a timeworn tradition of Indians capitalizing on the white man's
fascination -- Sitting Bull and Gall signed on as part of Buffalo Bill Cody's
traveling Ã'Wild WestÃ" show in the late 19th century. Vizenor sees Means as the
new standard-bearer for this sort of hokum. Means, he says, is Ã'the media man,
a master of simulations, a comical spectacle.Ã"

A large question seemed to hang over Means's visit to Washington. Was this jaunt
down Embassy Row in earnest? Or was it just a little performance art -- a trick
to kick up a rhetorical dust storm?

Means didn't answer the question, but he relished it. Ã'What did Shakespeare
say?Ã" he asked, his face alight with a grin as he spread his arms wide. Ã'All
the world's a stage.Ã"

The meeting with Venezuela was promising. I was not allowed to attend, but
afterward Collette emerged burbling: Ã'They're ready to invest. They just want
to see a business plan so they can arrange something with Citgo to start
developing alternative energy out in Lakotah.Ã"

Bolivia was, by the Lakotans' lights, a smashing success. Ambassador Gustavo
Guzman, who is suave and lean, with his long hair pulled back into a ponytail,
wore bluejeans and greeted Means as an old friend. Alone among nations, the
Bolivians had sent a delegation to support Means when he and fellow
secessionists announced their declaration of independence in Washington last
December. (Bolivian President Evo Morales is Indian, as is roughly 55 percent of
the Bolivian population.) Ã'We respect the rights of Indians everywhere,Ã"
Guzman told me, Ã'even though we cannot take an official position on the
Republic of Lakotah.Ã"

Uruguay's ambassador to the United States, Carlos Gianelli, was a regal older
gentleman with a crocodilian smile; his office was finely appointed with
burgundy leather chairs and a mahogany desk. When Means proffered him the
petition, he said: Ã'Fine, then, we'll study this and send it to Montevideo. We
don't have many indigenous people in Uruguay, as you know, but we are hopeful
for cultural exchanges.Ã"

Means was elated. Ã'Now that's what I call sophisticated,Ã" he said in the
elevator.

But the visit to the Finnish Embassy was doomed from the moment Means entered
the building, a glass, steel and concrete minimalist masterpiece known as the
Ã'Jewelry BoxÃ" of Embassy Row. It was early morning. A cold gray light bore
down through the bounteous windowpanes. The ambassador was out. Means met
instead with the second secretary of political affairs, a young woman named
Soile Kauranen. Perhaps because it was early, Means was in particularly testy
form. Ã'I could care less who recognizes us,Ã" he told Kauranen. Ã'Whether
Finland recognizes us or not, we're already free.Ã"

Kauranen, who wore a light charcoal pantsuit and modish, clear-framed
eyeglasses, spent much of the time assiduously scribbling notes on a legal pad.
Her posture was erect, and her questions shimmered as small, pointillist pricks
at Means's reeling monologue. Ã'And, uh, how many people in your country?Ã" she
asked. Ã'And how many hectares is it?Ã"

When Means and Collette had answered to Kauranen's satisfaction, she said,
Ã'Thank you, gentlemen,Ã" and ushered them out. They began moving down
Massachusetts Avenue on foot, eventually coming upon a grand plaster-faced
building adorned with a blue cupola. This was once the Iranian Embassy, but now
it was vacant and dilapidated, with cracks in the walkway and weeds everywhere
in the yard.

Ã'Look at that,Ã" Colette thrilled. Ã'We could discover it -- you know, the
doctrine of discovery!Ã"

Means stood on the sidewalk, hands in his pockets as he surveyed the property.
Ã'It could use a front lawn,Ã" he said.

They pressed on, and a few moments later Means shouted at Collette: Ã'Will you
stop walking right in front of me? God!Ã"

Collette moved to the side -- and then, as we continued toward Dupont Circle, he
delivered portfolios to various embassies while Means waited at the curb. They
hit Brazil, South Africa and Lithuania.

I wondered what, beyond mere recognition, Means wanted from this odd and sundry
collection of countries. Was it aid?

Ã'No,Ã" he said. Ã'You saw that guy from East Timor. He can't say a word because
the U.S. is greasing him. We don't want aid. Does the United States get aid?
Does Germany or Japan? No. The U.S. has been throwing Indians aid for over a
century, and it's killing us. What we need is investments. We want to open
things up, so that companies from all over the world can do business with us,
without having to comply with the onerous laws of the United States of
America.Ã"

For many observers, Russell Means's current rhetoric calls to mind another aging
warrior -- King Lear. Means's harshest critics hold that he's now just
fulminating delusionally -- and that in fact he's been an ineffectual figure for
more than 30 years now. Ã'Ever since Wounded Knee, Russell has seemed more and
more like a blind man with a Rubik's Cube,Ã" Laura Waterman Wittstock, a Seneca
Indian and Minneapolis-based journalist, has said. Ã'The older he's gotten, the
less coherent his career seems. He's been frantically hunting around for a new
identity and saying, 'Is this it? Is this it? How about this?' Ã"

Means has wandered most in the realm of politics. In 1984, when Hustler
publisher Larry Flynt attempted to run for president on the Republican ticket,
Means joined him as the vice presidential candidate. That same year, he traveled
to Libya to cultivate an alliance with Moammar Gaddafi. He befriended Louis
Farrakhan, eventually, and became so enamored of Sun Myung Moon's Unification
Church and its evasion of the IRS that he did a lecture tour on the church's
behalf. In 1988, he ran for president himself, as a Libertarian, narrowly losing
the party's nomination to Ron Paul. Meanwhile, he built his cinematic
r{Zcaron}sum{Zcaron}.

After appearing with Daniel Day-Lewis in Ã'The Last of the Mohicans,Ã" Means
played a Navajo medicine man in Oliver Stone's Ã'Natural Born Killers.Ã" Then he
provided the voice of a sage elder, Powhatan, in the Disney animated film
Ã'Pocahontas.Ã" He kept his hand in Lakota issues. He helped found a
community-funded health clinic on the Pine Ridge reservation. Twice, he tried,
unsuccessfully, to get himself elected tribal chair.

But then in 2006, he says, his life attained focus as he was driving near his
home on Pine Ridge. On a whim, he collared five young pedestrians --
20-somethings -- and asked them to define the word Ã'freedom.Ã"

Ã'I sat down on the ground, and I listened to them,Ã" Means said. Ã'And none of
them -- not one -- could define freedom. And the only thing they knew about me
was from the movies. That absolutely scared the hell out of me. When I came to
the reservation in 1972, everyone spoke Lakota. They knew about their ancestors.
In 36 years, we've gone from a Lakota way of life to a poverty way of life. I
started to wonder: 'How do we save ourselves? How can I leave behind a
meaningful legacy?' Ã"

Means retreated to the mountain home of his fifth (and current) wife, Pearl, in
New Mexico, to meditate on the Ã'state of Indian affairsÃ" with four friends.
And there he kept circling back to what his great-uncle -- Matthew King, or
Noble Red Man to the Lakota -- had told him decades before: Ã'We must never
forget that we were once a free people.Ã" Means began talking about taking
Lakota country back to its roots as a free nation.

Ã'But what are we going to do about all the white people?Ã" one friend asked.

Ã'We'll figure it out,Ã" said Means.

On the third morning in Washington, Means was brooding and silent when we met.
Ã'I've become convinced,Ã" he said finally, Ã'that what you're writing is a
hatchet job. I'm so fed up with white people and their broken promises. When you
go home and write your hatchet job, make sure you say how angry I am.Ã"

All militants are angry, of course, but Means's temper tantrums have been so
baroque they seem fresh -- dazzling, even.

In 1974, as he was standing trial for the 1972 Custer courthouse riot, Means
refused to stand up for the judge. Riot police swarmed the courtroom. A melee
broke out, and, Means wrote: Ã'a cop came at me with a raised club. Rather than
getting hit, I smashed his face mask and watched his nose twist and flatten
against the plastic.Ã" The outburst put Means behind bars for a year.

Later, in 1991, Means's rage crested. Amid the tumult of his fourth marriage,
which saw his wife, Gloria Grant, file charges of spousal abuse, Means began to
wonder Ã'if my life meant anything at all.Ã"

Ã'I began,Ã" he writes in his autobiography, Ã'to edge across the hazy line
between reason and madness.Ã" He decided to become an assassin, and he composed
a list of more than 100 people he wanted to kill. Ã'In one column were white
people,Ã" he told me. Ã'In the other column, Indians. And you know what the
difference was? The Indian list was longer. I wanted to rub out as many sellouts
as I could. I was insane. I had a lot of anger, which I used to cover up my low
self-esteem.Ã"

Means underwent therapy, but in 1997, while living on Navajo land, he got into a
scuffle with his wife's father. Leon Grant was in his 70s; he had a prosthetic
arm. Navajo police alleged that Means battered him, but Means fought the charge
vociferously, arguing that, under the terms of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie,
the Navajo had no right to prosecute an Indian who did not belong to their
nation. Ultimately, even after Leon Grant withdrew his accusation, Means
persisted with his sovereignty case against the Navajo Nation, taking it all the
way to the Supreme Court, which two years ago refused to hear it.

In Washington, I wondered how Collette handled working with Means. He'd just
spent two months living at Means's house, squeezed amid building supplies and
crashing on the floor in a spare bedroom under remodeling. Ã'There are times
when Russell can be a little insistent,Ã" he told me, choosing his words
carefully. Ã'But I've done a lot of healing work around my issues with insistent
people, and this experience is enabling me to do a little more healing.Ã"

Besides being a paralegal, Collette is a registered minister, training with the
Heartland Aramaic Mission, based in Missouri, but he does not preach. Rather, he
specializes in counseling spiritual seekers online. He is the mastermind behind
an interactive self-help Web site, Innerpeace.org. He also promotes the use of
rice hulls, an agricultural byproduct, as an eco-friendly building material.

Always inclined toward Libertarian views, Collette became an activist after
watching the Berlin Wall fall in 1989. Suddenly, he felt that Ã'maybe
individuals can make a difference.Ã" Since then, he has let Ã'guidanceÃ" dictate
how he puts his talent to work for the cause. Ã'Basically,Ã" explained Collette,
who's spent much of the past 20 years moving about the United States, Ã'I'm here
until I'm guided to go be somewhere else.Ã"

Last Christmas Day, Collette found himself direly in need of guidance. He was
camped in Washington, under the Ron Paul blimp in his Astro van, and he was at a
crossroads in his life. Ã'I had three choices,Ã" he recalls. Ã'I could have gone
south with the blimp. I could have stayed still, or I could have gone north to
help Ron Paul in the New Hampshire primary.Ã"

That morning, another option presented itself: Collette read a short news piece
about Lakotah's declaration of independence. Ã'All these years I'd been living
in the United States because I couldn't imagine any place having more freedom,Ã"
he said. Ã'And now here was a country that actually had the potential to be
freer.Ã"

Within two days, Collette was driving cross-country to start his new life in
Lakotah.

At a deli on P Street NW, Means and Collette happened upon an Eritrean cabdriver
named Woldeab Kelati, and Means told him of his quest for Lakota liberty.

Ã'This is not an easy thing,Ã" said Kelati, nibbling his sandwich.

Ã'Gaining freedom is never easy,Ã" said Means. Ã'Eritrea knows that.Ã"

Ã'But you don't have a boundary,Ã" said Kelati. Ã'You are in the center of the
United States.Ã"

Means explained the Lakota's treaty claims. Kelati shook his head. Ã'You have a
difficult task,Ã" he pronounced. Ã'Good luck.Ã"

Means and Collette walked down Connecticut Avenue and came upon some petitioners
for Greenpeace, two 20-ish women standing outside the Starbucks near Dupont
Circle, crying, Ã'Save the whales!Ã" When they saw Means, one canvasser changed
her tune, chanting, Ã'Help Mother Earth!Ã"

Means sidled toward them obligingly. Ã'I can't sign,Ã" he said. Ã'I'm not a
citizen of this country.Ã"

Ã'But we're international!Ã"

Means signed but refused to give money. Ã'You think indigenous people are a
danger to the environment,Ã" he explained.

Ã'No, no, I think we're all on this Earth together!Ã"

Ã'You have tried to stop the traditional whale hunts of the Makah Indians in the
Puget Sound of the Pacific Northwest,Ã" Means said. Ã'That is why I cannot
become a member.Ã"

Ã'Okay! Thanks for talking to us!Ã"

Soon, Means and Collette took a cab to the Watergate, to visit the headquarters
of the Libertarian Party. Means has high standing there. Executive director
Shane Cory, 33, listened attentively to Means's pitch and said: Ã'What you've
done is very bold. I'm afraid of bold action by our government. But I respect
what you're doing. I'm Potawatomi.Ã"

The Potawatomi are an Indian nation with branches in Oklahoma and the upper
Midwest, and, when Means heard the word, he all but leapt from his seat,
delighted. Ã'You are?Ã" he exclaimed. Earlier, in a dark mood, he'd soliloquized
on the truth of a slogan he'd seen once, on the butt of a gun owned by an
indigenous freedom fighter in Nicaragua: Ã'Only Indians help Indians.Ã"

Cory is from Oklahoma, where the chairman of Citizen Potawatomi Nation, John
Barrett, has spent the past three decades wildly growing the Potawatomi economy.
Once headquartered in a beat-up trailer, with only $550 in assets, by 2006 the
tribe had $350 million in assets. Ã'We have our own power grid,Ã" Cory said.
Ã'We have the largest geothermally heated building in the state of Oklahoma. We
have the largest tribal bank in the country, and I don't have to pay capital
gains taxes.Ã"

These details were all news to Means, so Cory gave him a starter kit for
launching an international bank. Ã'Have you talked to Bernard von NotHaus?Ã" he
asked, referring to the father of the Liberty Dollar, a legal, alternative
currency now circulating in the United States. Ã'What about the Cato
Institute?Ã"

It was the only time I saw anyone offer the Lakotans such detailed advice, and
afterward, out in the hallway, Means shouted, Ã'Yes!Ã" Then he leapt toward
Collette and hugged him.

Weeks passed. Collette, I learned, was arranging to mint two coins for a
gold-and silver-based Lakotah currency system -- the dollar-like tonka and also
another coin worth roughly two cents, the mato. Means was readying to make one
more bid, this November, to become tribal chair on Pine Ridge. Ã'I'm going to
run on the freedom ticket,Ã" he said, describing an ultra-Libertarian scheme.
Ã'If I win, I will not have a job. I'll do nothing. But I think the U.S.
government will see that we have a constituency, and they'll listen to us.Ã"

Means hadn't done a whit of campaigning, though, and he depicted the whole
endeavor of wooing Pine Ridge voters as almost absurd. People are poor on the
reservation, he told me. Ã'They don't have phones. And do you think I'm going to
just walk around this whole goddamned reservation and get unanimous support?Ã"

I asked him if he'd done any follow-up on his Washington visit. Ã'No,Ã" he said
flatly. Later, Bolivia would call to discuss a possible Washington visit between
Means and Evo Morales. Beyond that, though, the whole journey down Embassy Row
seemed almost like vanished history. Not a single other nation got back to Means
on his petition.

To make matters worse, Means's young nation was already riven with conflict. The
tension focused on a Lakota activist named Duane Martin Sr., who'd come to
Washington with Means in December for the declaration of independence.

Martin, 42, is heavyset, with thick, powerful forearms and long black hair drawn
back in a ponytail. He is the leader of a sort of paramilitary force, the
Strongheart Warrior Society, which, he said, responds to crime problems on or
near Pine Ridge, Ã'day or night. It don't matter. Me and my 27 warriors, we're
there because the tribal police, they do nothing. Nothing.Ã" In recent years,
he's joined Means in protesting the flow of alcohol onto Pine Ridge from liquor
stores in neighboring Whiteclay, Neb., and also coordinated meetings on gang
violence. He has appeared as a guest on a talk-radio show Means used to host on
Pine Ridge and helped Means in his campaigns for tribal chair. He came to
Washington with a longtime ally -- a white activist named Naomi Archer, who
describes Martin in spiritual terms, as her Ã'brother.Ã"

Archer, who lives in North Carolina, is a male-to-female transsexual. She'd
created the Republic of Lakotah's Web site and was here to help the Lakota
garner media coverage. But she and Means locked horns. Archer insisted that the
Lakotans needed to pray before each meeting they held. Means wrote her off as a
meddlesome white person -- and soon he stripped Archer's ability to update the
site. That act so angered Martin that he stopped working with Means and launched
his own breakaway nation -- Lakota, it's called, sans the Ã'h.Ã" Never mind that
it is the same territory as Lakotah.

All this was on the table when Means and I were in Washington, and he discussed
it calmly, saying: Ã'Duane's a free person. He's free to start his own
country.Ã" But the situation was more tense than Means cared to get into. For
soon a banner headline appeared on the Web site. Ã'Duane Martin, Sr.,Ã" it read,
Ã'represents ONLY himself and is known for soliciting funds for himself. He is
not affiliated with Republic of Lakotah.Ã"

This spring, Duane Martin met me by the roadside on the Pine Ridge reservation.
It was cold outside, but he was wearing an immense pair of gray shorts and a
droopy red T-shirt. His voice was a raspy, bellowing yell, and, as he sucked at
the chewing tobacco lumped in his lower lip, he vowed to show me the Ã'real
reservation. I'll let you see things that Russell Means don't even know about,Ã"
he said.

We climbed into my rental car -- and then, when I buckled my seat belt, Martin
erupted in protest. Ã'Leave that buckle alone!Ã" he said. Ã'Stop acting like a
white man! All these constraints, all these rules. Be free, be free!Ã"

We drove, unbelted, and Martin complained that Means is a Ã'movie star. He
doesn't know what life is like for everyday Indians.Ã"

The gripe may be rooted in jealousy. Means is a local celebrity, recognized
wherever he goes on Pine Ridge. But, then again, Martin's revolutionary
propaganda is more populist than Means's. The very name of his Web site --
lakotaoyate.net -- invokes an Indian word meaning Ã'people.Ã" As designed by
Archer, it announces itself as Ã'a place for all the oyate -- Elders, mothers,
fathers, and children.Ã"

Martin is already issuing Lakota ID cards, and he claims to have given out more
than 150. He showed me his own. The front bore a menacing photo of Martin
wearing dark sunglasses. On the back, it gave the cardholder a sense of
omnipotence, bearing a disjointed list of privileges. It read, Ã'a. Diplomat; b.
Passport; c. Driving; d. Hunting; e. Fishing; f. All of the Above.Ã"

As I wrote these words down, Martin cackled with glee, rejoicing over how his
card gave Indians a free pass to ignore white society's niggling rules.

Ã'See,Ã" he said. Ã'I'm not [expletive] around, am I?Ã"

We drove on, through a public housing community, Evergreen, in Means's own town
of Porcupine, S.D. The 100 or so houses there, built in the '70s, were spattered
with graffiti, their barren yards awash in old beer cans and vodka bottles --
all contraband on the dry reservation.

Ã'There are 13 bootleggers in here,Ã" Martin said, Ã'and seven dope dealers. And
see all them kids there?Ã" He pointed to a pack of boys roughly 10 years old.
Ã'That's who they sell it to. Them's the kids who are running around breaking
windows. We asked Russell Means to come to a community meeting here, and he
said, 'I've got no time for that.'?Ã" (Means denies saying this, and says that
Martin never invited him to the meeting.)

Martin had spent months trying to organize Evergreen residents against the thugs
in their midst. This afternoon, he was getting crime reports from locals. He
stopped to chat with a woman named Rose Never Missed a Shot, and she complained
of a neighbor who was selling vodka to her 17-year-old son. Ã'He got real
drunk,Ã" she said. Ã'Then, the people who was selling him the alcohol, they beat
my son up, broke his jaw. When they're drunk like that, I stay up all night.Ã"

We went into her small house to look at an X-ray of the fractured jaw. Sixteen
family members lived inside. The interior walls were pocked with holes. The
furnace did not work. The sole source of heat was the stove, and there was a
bucket in the living room to catch the water that came in through the roof when
it rained. A 19-year-old woman named Tammy Iron Shell was playing with her baby.
I asked her if she supported Means's claim of independence. Ã'Russell Means is
just an old guy who's been in a bunch of movies,Ã" she said. Ã'He's never done
nothing for us.Ã"

Ã'Tell him to put us on 'Oprah,' Ã" said her sister, Wendy Wallowing Bull.
Ã'Tell him to put us on 'Extreme Makeover.' Ã"

Russell Means lives at a remove from the squalor afflicting most of Pine Ridge.
He owns a large wood-frame house that sits on his own 140-acre horse ranch. The
place was built, he says, in 1917 for the white BIA agent charged with
overseeing Pine Ridge. But it's more dilapidated than palatial. The paint is
sun-worn, and there's a wealth of construction material lying around amid a
decade-long remodeling project.

Still, it is the headquarters of the Republic of Lakotah. I drove up the long
driveway, past the sign warning of video surveillance.

When I arrived, Pearl Means was on the phone. She is a 48-year-old Navajo who
works as a real estate broker. I heard her saying, Ã'Russ thinks it's going to
be a hatchet job.Ã"

Means himself was at the kitchen table, glowering. Though Pine Ridge is larger
than Delaware, it functions more like a small town. Means had received detailed
reports on my movements, and he did not like it that I'd tapped Duane Martin as
a tour guide.

Tentatively, I noted that Means seemed to have some detractors.

Ã'There is no employment here,Ã" he thundered, Ã'and no businesses. There is
nothing on this reservation. It's like a prison. And what do you think people in
prison start doing? They can't fight against the authorities oppressing them.
The only way they can get out their frustration is by fighting each other. So
yes, there's division here, but look at your own [expletive] country.Ã"

When Means calmed down, he began discussing how, over a lifetime, a traditional
Lakota accrues four names, the last coming when he is recognized as an elder.
Ã'Your own people decide who you are,Ã" he said. Ã'My first name was Brave
Eagle, and I tried to live up to it. I took dares; I wasn't afraid to fight.
Then I was Ci--, which is a male bird out on the Plains, and I was a fancy dance
champion. Then, in 1972, I became Works for the People. I tried to live up to
that. But my fourth name? I'm still waiting for that, and I'm one of the oldest
guys out here. I've outlived almost everybody, but my people haven't accepted me
as an elder.Ã"

Eventually, Means wanted to show off one of his proudest achievements -- the
Porcupine Health Clinic, which he helped start, with no help from the tribal
government. We drove into the center of town and met with the clinic's acting
administrator, Floyd White Eyes. Means told him that he could help out over the
summer by staffing the ambulance with Lakota supporters -- EMTs who'd phoned him
from Denver. Ã'You'll have ambulance service for at least eight weeks,Ã" he
said. Ã'I can promise you that.Ã"

Ã'That would be great, Russ,Ã" said White Eyes. Ã'That'd really help us out.Ã"

When we came out of the conference room, there were a few people sitting in the
waiting area -- a young mother with her baby, an old man, an obese young woman
in shorts and a dirty sweatshirt. Means began moving around the room. Without
saying a word, he presumed to shake the hand of everyone present.

Was he planting campaign seeds, despite himself, or was he simply exercising a
little noblesse oblige? It was unclear, but the moment seemed expertly scripted.
It was as though the film had suddenly slowed and the sound had been cut,
leaving only an essence: Here was a large man looming unvanquished above the
oyate, playing the part of a stormy, unpredictable king. There was nothing warm
or neighborly about what he was doing, but the performance dominated the room.
Each person there received Means's hand silently and solemnly. The old man rose
to his feet, astonished, as though he was beholding a hurricane.

And then Russell Means said goodbye and walked away into the hills, up Crazy
Horse Drive, toward home.

Bill Donahue is a writer living in Portland, Ore. He can be reached at
20071@washpost.com He will be fielding questions and comments about this article
Monday at noon at washingtonpost.com/liveonline.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 4, 2006 Sunday

Department probes officers' airline freebies;
Two retired police deny they gained by repeatedly purchasing refundable tickets
on sold-out flights.

BYLINE: Marcia Gelbart and Barbara Boyer, Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 877 words


As city police officers who patrolled Philadelphia International Airport for
more than five years apiece, Lt. Michael Lista and Officer Joseph Chicano
certainly knew their turf.

According to authorities, they also knew something else about airport life: how
to finagle free flights.

The Philadelphia Police Department and the District Attorney's Office are
investigating whether the officers obtained almost $10,000 worth of free plane
tickets by consistently buying refundable tickets on sold-out flights.
Specifically, they want to know whether the officers received free vouchers for
flights by volunteering to be "bumped" and also cashing in refundable tickets
that they never intended to use.

Authorities also want to know whether they did it while they were on the
taxpayers' payroll.

The officers, both retired in the last two months, deny wrongdoing, and blame US
Airways for making false accusations that have blemished what both men describe
as otherwise stainless careers of more than 30 years.

"I did nothing wrong. I am strictly by the book and have never ever been accused
of any type of corruption," said Lista, 53, whose last day of work was May 26.

Chicano, 56, ended his tenure in April and said much the same thing: "I've never
been accused of anything."

According to US Airways and two sources familiar with the matter, the practice
had been going on for almost a year when, last summer, during the busy Fourth of
July weekend, airline employees became suspicious.

That's when Lista and Chicano stood with other passengers waiting at a crowded
gate for a plane headed to San Juan, Puerto Rico, the sources say.

With word that this July 3 flight was oversold, the officers had volunteered to
be "bumped." They got their wish.

It's what happened next that raised questions.

According to the sources, Chicano showed up in uniform at boarding time for a
separate oversold flight that both had also booked for July 3.

Recognizing Chicano as a police officer, an airline employee this time denied
his request to "bump" the two refundable tickets purchased. With that outcome,
the officers did not board the plane and got refunds on their tickets 45 minutes
later.

The pair in months earlier had also been bumped from flights they had booked to
Cancun, Mexico; Las Vegas; and Orlando, Fla., sources said.

"They would show up for the flight, get bumped, get a round-trip flight credit
and also get a refund," US Airways spokesman Morgan Durrant said.

After the July 3 incident, the airline conducted an internal investigation and
then referred the matter to the District Attorney's Office, he said.

Both officers were reassigned to another unit within 48 hours after the airline
told the police what it had learned, said Capt. Dominic Mingacci, who leads the
Airport Police District.

The Police Department's Internal Affairs Unit wouldn't comment Friday on what
has happened in the interim.

"The only thing I can confirm is that there is an internal investigation," said
Chief Inspector William Colarulo. "These officers can say what they want; time
will tell what happened."

The District Attorney's Office said only that the investigation was ongoing.

"The behavior might lead a prosecutor to consider theft by deception charges,"
said Edward Ohlbaum, professor of law at Temple University. He noted that
Pennsylvania crime statutes define deception as creating a false impression as
to one's intensions.

It was unclear Friday whether the officers were on duty during any of the
alleged incidents, including the times when they booked flights. Capt. Benjamin
Naish, department spokesman, would not say what hours the officers were paid to
work on July 3. That information is a matter of public record.

Lista - who said Friday that he had not been interviewed to date by Internal
Affairs or the District Attorney's Office - gave a different version of what
happened.

He says he and Chicano initially booked the refundable San Juan tickets to
escape the "nonsense" they expected to result from the Live 8 music concert.
They had intended to work half a day and depart on the 11 a.m. flight on July 3.

But with a forecast for stormy weather, the pair changed their minds, he said.
Still in uniform, Chicano went to the airline gate to cancel. "He went up there,
the woman said, 'That's fine; we are overbooked by about 15 people.' We got
vouchers."

Lista said they had booked no second flight for that same day.

The men described themselves as frequent traveling companions. "We were in the
last year of our careers, and we have very good wives that let us take small
trips," Lista said.

"It's a bigger picture than what everybody is talking about," Chicano said. He
said he was a "Silver Preferred" member of US Airways and a frequent vacationer
with his family and friends, having bought more than 200 airline tickets in the
last five years to places such as Cancun and the Dominican Republic.

Chicano referred other questions to his lawyer, but neither he nor the lawyer
later returned calls.

Records show that through the city's special retirement program, Chicano was
expected to collect an estimated $156,926 after his last day in April, and Lista
was expected to receive an estimated $192,958 in May.

Contact staff writer Marcia Gelbart at 215-854-2338 or mgelbart@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 April 24, 2006

Tough Traders Don't Dance

BYLINE: Anna Schneider-Mayerson

SECTION: PAGEONE; Featurebox, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1788 words


Last June, when the red paperback 357-page Harvard and Radcliffe Class of 2000
Fifth Anniversary Report landed in alumni mailboxes, it contained the usual
student-penned bios, written in the arch, self-congratulatory yet self-mocking
tone which has long been the acceptable pose of America's rising elites. Eugene
Plotkin's entry, for example, chronicled his swift ascent through the ranks of
amateur and professional ballroom dancing, his feature-length film (which was
"awaiting decision from the Sundance Film Festival") and, naturally, a novel in
the works. He added: "Somehow, in the midst of all this, I was able to finagle a
promotion at my Wall Street firm, which saved me from the two-year networking
session known as business school ... Beyond that, I'm unabashedly enjoying the
roller-coaster life of an N.Y.C. bachelor (a category all its own) and fighting
an uphill battle against the triple threats of traffic, rent, and yuppyism."


Now, one year later, that hill just got a lot steeper. Around 9:20 a.m. on April
11, Mr. Plotkin was driving his leased black BMW south on the Palisades Parkway
from his home in Rockland County to the downtown Manhattan offices of Goldman
Sachs, the white-shoe investment bank where he worked as an associate in the
fixed-income research department. Between exits 2 and 3 in New Jersey, a
highway-patrol car flashed its lights and pulled him over to the side of the
road. F.B.I. agents--who had just missed nabbing Mr. Plotkin at home--pulled up
in their own car and arrested him on the spot.


He was charged with coordinating an international insider-trading scheme that
allegedly netted $6.7 million for himself and others. According to prosecutors
in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, Mr. Plotkin
and a former Goldman Sachs employee named David Pajcin had paid a young Merrill
Lynch banker to leak them word of pending deals so that they could bet on the
companies ahead of time. They also allegedly hired moles to work in a Business
Week magazine printing plant and steal copies of the market-moving "Inside Wall
Street" column, so that Mr. Plotkin and Co. could buy shares in companies the
column was about to hype.


Since his arrest, the 26-year-old Mr. Plotkin has been locked up in the
Metropolitan Correctional Center near the Manhattan courthouses, unable to meet
a $3 million bail. Mr. Pajcin, 29, is reportedly cooperating with authorities.


Reached at home in Palo Alto, Calif., Mr. Plotkin's father, Mikhail Plotkin,
said, "You have standard sources that everybody else uses--why don't you go to
'various officials'? 'Various police officials'? Those who will tell you
everything about my son, tell you how bad he is, who have thrown away the
presumption of innocence before trial."


Then he hung up the phone. The elder Mr. Plotkin was perhaps speaking from more
than just paternal pride: The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed a
civil complaint charging him with illegal insider trading, as one of the more
than half a dozen "tippees" who allegedly received recommendations from his son
in exchange for sharing some of the profits.


Eugene Plotkin's lawyer, Martin Schmukler, refused to make his client available
for an interview. "I really don't know what all the fuss is about, I tell you. I
don't see billions here," he said.


Nearly a dozen of Mr. Plotkin's former friends and acquaintances interviewed by
The Observer described a friendly young man who was, in the words of one, "one
of the most driven people I have ever met--even by Harvard standards."


Eugene Plotkin--Gene to his family and friends--was born in Moscow. The family
emigrated from Russia when he was in middle school. They spent some time in
Suffern, N.Y., but eventually settled in Palo Alto, where his father works in
computer programming, according to Mr. Schmukler.


When Gene applied to Harvard in his senior year of high school, the pain of the
rejection letter was attenuated by a fat envelope from the eminent California
Institute of Technology. He went to Cal Tech, but after a year he reapplied to
Harvard and was accepted.


He majored in economics, wore a black leather jacket and played pool so
regularly that he had his own cue. But it was when a friend introduced him to
ballroom dancing that his life took a dizzying turn.


To a certain extent, it connected him with his roots: The amateur ballroom-dance
world is dominated by Russian and Eastern-bloc emigres, many of whom start
training as early as age 5. That put Mr. Plotkin at a disadvantage he would
quickly attempt to remedy.


"I've never seen anyone like him in the ballroom-dance world. I've never seen
anyone progress as fast as he did," said Damian Moskovitz, a former teammate on
the Harvard-Radcliffe Ballroom Dance Team.


Mr. Plotkin's specialty was Latin dance: the cha-cha, rumba, samba, pasa doble
and jive. While not the most rhythmic dancer, he cut a dramatic figure with his
tall, slender frame, slicked-back hair and striking facial expressions.


"Gene, Rita, me and my partner once performed at an arts festival at Harvard
called Arts First," said Mr. Moskovitz. "Gene choreographed. We called the dance
Double Bondage. It was a cha-cha/rumba medley with music from James Bond movies,
including Goldfinger. Gene and I wore tuxedos; our partners had knives and
pretended to try to stab us in the back when we weren't looking. He did an
excellent job choreographing it and, of course, dancing."


According to some former team members, Mr. Plotkin regularly switched partners
when he became convinced there was someone more talented to pair with. He rented
videos of professional dancers and logged hours of practice time. In the summer
between his sophomore and junior years, he lived in New York to take private
lessons in the studio of Victor Kanevsky, a former Latin dance champion. By the
time he graduated, he was the best male dancer on the team.


"He was very selfless with his time and very willing to help us, the younger
members, with our technique," wrote former teammate Cesar Briceno in an e-mail.
"He also volunteered a lot of his time to teach classes to raise money for the
team, which everyone appreciated."


Another teammate wrote in an e-mail, "He has always been a very kind, dedicated,
driven, smart and reliable person."


The competitive spark seems to have accompanied Mr. Plotkin everywhere. A former
dance partner, who requested anonymity so she wouldn't appear spiteful, said
that when she and Mr. Plotkin would go out to Boston nightclubs like the Roxy,
he would invent a competition to see who could pick up someone first. If he
picked up a woman before she could pick up a man, she would have to set him up
with one of her girlfriends. "He would try to make me play these games with
him," she said.


As graduation approached, start-up companies were tempting many Harvard seniors,
but Mr. Plotkin opted for the security and prestige of Goldman Sachs. He started
as an analyst in the fixed-income research department and was eventually
promoted to associate, a job that would typically pay a base salary of at least
$100,000 before a sizable bonus. (Goldman suspended Mr. Plotkin last week
following his arrest.)


As a young, single New Yorker, he lived for a while in an immaculate small
apartment near Brooklyn Heights. Weekends, he bounced between nightclubs in west
midtown and ballroom-dance studios in Bensonhurst and Brighton Beach.


His look was "kind of the Jersey look," said an acquaintance. "It was neither
preppy nor cool."


He also changed his name, at least onstage, to Gene Michael. As he wrote in his
Harvard Class of 2000 report: "After graduation, I moved to N.Y.C., got the
requisite studio, job on Wall Street, and gym membership. But then, somewhere,
somehow, things took a turn for the atypical. Continuing with ballroom dancing
(something I started at Harvard), I turned professional and became one of the
top DanceSport competitors in the United States (a long-term dream),
concurrently taking on the moniker Gene Michael."


In 2002, on the one-year anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, The
Harvard Crimson included Mr. Plotkin in a round-up story featuring New York
City-based alumni reflecting on the attacks.


"I think for most people nobody thinks about it anymore," he told The Crimson.
"Obviously there will be many events to commemorate the attacks and to remember
the sacrifices people made ... but New Yorkers are known for being blase, and
maybe this is one case where it's served them well ... The only thing that's
really missing, aside from the people who were lost and can never be replaced,
are those monuments you used to see everyday."


As Gene Michael, Mr. Plotkin has competed furiously around the country, with at
least four different partners. This January, he competed with Tamara Klimova at
the Northeastern Open in Stamford, Conn. Of the eight couples competing, they
finished last. The Web site DanceSportInfo.net ranks them as 49th in the country
in the professional Latin category. Ms. Klimova didn't return phone messages
left at her dance studio.


In 2004, Mr. Plotkin started teaching dance, giving lessons for the
bargain-basement price of $5. A biographical note in an e-mail advertising his
workshops claimed that he "has performed with and choreographed dance numbers
for the American Repertory Theatre." Katalin Mitchell, the A.R.T.'s director of
press and public relations, said: "We have no record of this guy ever being
here."


In 2003--a year before they allegedly began their insider trading--Mr. Plotkin
and Mr. Pajcin approached freelance photographer Marie-Charlotte Peze to see if
she was interested in shooting a low-budget movie, on video, based on a script
they had written. The two men would play the lead roles. She agreed.


"They were very together. They seemed very clear and organized about what they
wanted to do," Ms. Peze said.


"He was a very nice guy," said the film's production manager, Brian Lamia, of
Mr. Plotkin. "He always seemed to have something going on."

Ms. Peze said that she is unsure what happened to the finished product. The
movie mirrored--and foreshadowed--several details of Mr. Plotkin's life. The
main character, whom he played, is a Harvard graduate named Dean with a job at
"the most exclusive and reputable wealth management firm in the U.S." He is
accused of stealing $30 million from a client. One scene involves F.B.I. agents
charging into his apartment with their guns drawn. The movie ends with the
revelation that Dean has been framed, but his name is never cleared.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2006 The New York Observer, L.P.


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 19, 1998, Thursday

WHERE TO STAY LIKE A STAR

BYLINE: William H. Sokolic

SECTION: Entertainment; Pg. 053

LENGTH: 1931 words


THE heartthrob of "Titanic' spent three days drying out at Trump Marina last
September. It wasn't a vacation from the toils of acting which brought Leonardo
DiCaprio to town though. He came to work on Woody Allen's next movie,
"Celebrity.'

Spend three days in an Atlantic City gambling palace, and you're bound to wander
the grounds, sample the restaurants, and gamble some. DiCaprio was no exception.
Imagine the chagrin of the security guards when he tried to enter the casino
with a face which could pass for 17.

"But he's 23, so he can gamble," said Trump Marina spokeswoman, Suze Di
Pietro-Stewart.

This is just one of the many small tales of Leonardo to emerge out of his stay
on the 14th floor. Most of the rich and famous have tales to tell when they
breeze into town for a film, a performance or simply a visit. If your timing is
right, you may get to rub elbows with them, finagle an autograph or at least
gawk.

In addition to DiCaprio, Winona Ryder and Kenneth Branagh joined Allen at Trump
Marina during shooting. Last month, Matt Damon, Edward Norton and John Turturro
stayed at the Taj Mahal for three days of filming on "Rounders.'

Not all movie folk stay where the filmaking takes place. The stars of "Snake
Eyes' chose Tropicana over the Taj Mahal, where Brian De Palma filmed last
August. Nicolas Cage, Gary Sinise and John Heard settled for suites in the West
tower during their two-week stay, said spokeswoman, Susan Kotzen.

Like DiCaprio, the three came and went at will. They dined in the restaurants,
strolled the Boardwalk, and wagered some money. Sinise frequented the health
club.

"They were very basic and down home people," Kotzen said. "They were very
courteous. They signed autographs for employees and customers."

Entertainers usually reside at the hotel where they perform. However, don't
think about calling the switchboard and asking for Gladys Knight or Celine Dion
when they come to town. With rare exceptions, performers register under an
assumed name.

Caesars takes pains to keep the private life private for its stars, but Rick
Gallagher, director of entertainment operations, still has some funny, though
nameless, stories to tell - like the guy who took his entourage to a local movie
house at 2 a.m. and watched flicks till the sun came up. "They even kept the
popcorn stand open," Gallagher said.

Most entertainers partake of the hotel restaurants like regular folk. "But
sometimes they take over one of our restaurants after hours," Gallagher said.
They love the steaks at Nero's Grill, and Primavera for Italian. Others ask for
a Philly cheese steak or a sub from the famous White House over on Mississippi
Avenue.(Not the one in Washington)

Michelle Robb doesn't mind dropping a name. As entertainment manager for the
Atlantic City Hilton and Bally's Park Place, Robb gets to take care of the perks
and quirks of the stars. She spent a couple hundred bucks on gourmet chocolate
to satisfy Bill Cosby's sweet tooth. Then, he told her to give it away, and just
bring him a plain old Hershey bar. Cos also likes his White House subs,
especially if he's watching boxing or old movies on cable in his room.

Not every famous person has close ties to the entertainment industry. The Sands
has hosted designers Nicole Miller and Oleg Cassini and Harrah's garnered a
reputation for winners when it housed two Miss America contestants who went on
to take the crown; Heather Whitestone and Shawntel Smith.

On rare occasions, a politician comes to town for more than a speech. Al Gore
stayed at the Sands in 1996, the first sitting Veep to spend a night in town
since gaming debuted in Atlantic City in 1978. Gore stayed in the Hollywood
Suite.

"We prepared for his visit for a month," said Tom Cantone, vice president of
retail marketing. "The last two weeks, we met almost everyday with his staff. We
met with advanced secret service teams. We wanted him to have a good impression
of the Sands and how a casino operates."

Gore wasn't the highest public official in the land to stay in Atlantic City.
Lyndon Johnson resided at the Claridge.....during the Democratic National
Convention in 1964. Of course, the Claridge didn't have a casino back in those
days. No hotel did, at least none that we know about.

Unless you have a propensity to gamble large sums of money, don't hope to stay
in the same rooms that the stars do. Celebs lounge in suites reserved at other
times for the highest of the high rollers, suites that could easily command $400
a night on the open market. The suites come decked out with most everything
you'd want to live a pampered life for a few days. Jacuzzi's are standard. Many
offer panoramic views of the shoreline.

"Generally, these suites are not available unless on a walk-in basis. If it's
vacant, then yes, we sell it," Robb said.

But you can still find a nice room package elsewhere in the casino hotels. Walk
the same hallways as the famous, eat in the same restaurants, gamble in the same
casinos. Most packages run from Sunday through Thursday nights. Come the
weekend, even the smallest of rooms are scarce. Rates below are applicable to
the end of April, except where noted. It's best to call to see if rates include
taxes and other charges. Also, rooms require double occupancy, unless so stated.
As usual, everything is based on availability. Holidays are often excluded.

ATLANTIC CITYHILTONThe "Celebrate Winter' package, through April 2, features a
deluxe room for $94 per person. $124 a person buys the deluxe package, which
includes use of the spa and a half hour massage. The Gatsby Suite package
includes $10 in coin, $10 in food credit, a 15 percent discount at the beauty
salon and retail outlets, and use of the pool and exercise room, all for $165 a
person. The "Celebrate Spring' package is identical to the winter one, but runs
through June 18 at a cost of $59.50 per person. The deluxe version goes for
$72.50. The Gatsby Suite package runs $85 from April 3 through June 18.

BALLY'S PARK PLACE

The Winter Spectacular High Rise one night package includes $10 in coin, $10 in
food credit, a free show ticket to Legends in Concert for each ticket purchased
(Monday through Thursday only), 20 percent off salon services, and use of the
spa's wet area. Cost is $119 per room, and prices are valid through March 26.
Winter Spectacular Main Wing one nighter includes the same package, but for $99
a room. The Spa package includes two nights, with breakfast, lunch and dinner
for two days, unlimited fitness classes and use of spa, a choice of luffa body
cleansing, algae wrap or mud wrap, a herbal wrap or manicure, and a choice of
Swedish massage, aroma therapy massage or facial, $10 in coin, a free gift from
the spa, and a 20 percent discount in the spa pro shop. All for $395 a person
double occupancy or $495 for a single. Rates are good through June 18. A second
Spa package offers five nights, with breakfast, lunch and dinner for five days,
and the unlimited use of fitness center and spa, a choice of an herbal wrap or
manicure, two choices among luffa body cleansing, algae wrap, sea mud wrap or
body polish; and a choice of massages. Cost is $795 per person, double occupancy
or $995 for one person, also good through June 18. The Spring Spectacular High
Rise includes the same package as the Winter Spectacular, but for $149 per room.
The Spring Spectacular Main Wing also includes the same package as its winter
cousin, but at $119 per room. Both spring packages run through June 18.

CAESARSThe Players Package includes one night, breakfast for two, two beverages,
health spa privileges and $10 in coin. Costs are $155 for one person and $215
for two. Add another $50 for the weekend. The Pampering Package is also one
night, with breakfast for two, a trip to the health spa and two 25 minute
massages. Weekday costs are $200 for one, $260 for two. Again, $50 more for a
weekend stay. The Gourmet Package includes breakfast, dinner at the Bacchanal or
Imperial Garden, the spa, and two beverages. The charge for one person is $225,
and for two, $285. Again weekends are $50 extra. Then there's the simple Bed &
Breakfast: a room and breakfast for two, and yes, the health spa. Pay $130 as a
single and $190 for the two of you, with $50 extra for weekends.

CLARIDGEA winter fantasy package through April 2 goes for $124 a room per night,
$177 for two nights. Each of two guests receive a $25 voucher for a gourmet
restaurant, a trip to the buffet, $5 in coins and use of the health spa and
pool. The same package turns into the Spring Fantasy from April 5 through June
18. The amenities are the same, but the cost goes up to $136 for one night and
$199 for two.

HARRAH'SThe Harbor Tower Getaway includes a room in the Harbor Tower, $10 in
coin, a ticket to the production show in the theater, or $10 in food credit if
no show. Cost is $59.95 per person, through March 31. For two nights, the cost
is $79.95 a person, and includes another $10 in food credit. The Atrium Tower
Getaway offers the same amenities, but in the Atrium Tower. Charges are $69.95 a
person for one night, and $89.95 a person for two nights. The Harbor Tower
Getaway goes up to $69.95 for one night during April, and $89.95 for two nights.
The Atrium Tower Getaway goes for $79.95 for a single night and $99.95 for two
evenings.

RESORTSThe Winter package is through April 9, and includes a one night stay,
breakfast buffet for two, a visit to the health club and spa, $10 in coin and
$10 in deferred coin for two. Yours for $63 a couple. A two night stay includes
breakfast buffet and dinner buffet, all for $138. Spring packages run from April
12 to June 30, and come with two tickets to the Motown Memories review, a visit
to the health club and spa, $10 in coin. Cost is $129 for two. Stay two evenings
and get a buffet breakfast thrown in for $259 for two.

SANDSThe Beachcomber is a room for one night at $24.95 per person. The Sands
Choice costs $44.95 a person, and includes dinner for two at the Brighton Steak
House, China Moon or Medici. The Marquis includes two nights, dinner for two for
one evening, and one breakfast buffet for two, all for $79.95 a person. The
Players Advantage offers three nights, dinner for two nights and a breakfast
buffet one morning. Just $99.95 a person.

SHOWBOATThe Showboat has no room packages available. Rooms cost $50 a night in
March and $65 in April.

TRUMP MARINATrump Marina packages run for seven days a week. A one night package
runs $99 per room and each person gets $10 in coin, a breakfast buffet, a Trump
Marina souvenier, a lottery ticket, use of the health club and a welcome drink.
Stay for two nights at $189 a room, with a second breakfast buffet. The Jacuzzi
Suite package, at $154 a room for one night, includes $10 in coin, a cocktail,
and use of the health club.

TRUMP PLAZAThe Spa package for $149.99 per room includes $10 in food credit and
admission to the health spa, with a choice of two treatments: a Swedish massage
and facial or aroma therapy scalp treatment. Rates are through June 30. The
Spring package runs from April 1 through the end of June. $115 a night gets $20
in coin, $20 in food and admission to the health spa.

TRUMP TAJ MAHALA one night package for $138 per room includes a dinner buffet
and breakfast buffet, plus access to the pool and health club. Two nights run
$218 per room. The Spa package also includes a room for one night, breakfast and
dinner buffet for two, two 25-minute massages at the spa, and access to the pool
and health club, all for $148 a room.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 14, 1997, Thursday

DOV COULD COUNT ON POLS, NOT JURY

BYLINE: BY BOB LIFF

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 625 words


DOV HIKIND has tried to live his political life by the maxim that has served
generations of Brooklyn Democrats well: It is good to know the law, but better
to know the judge.

But the ultimate judge of Hikind will not be U.S. District Judge Charles Sifton,
who on Monday set bail at $ 100,000 on an indictment charging the assemblyman
diverted thousands of tax dollars from the Council of Jewish Organizations of
Borough Park to his personal use.

The judge isn't going to be among the pack of elected officials like Mayor
Giuliani, Gov. Pataki, city Controller Alan Hevesi and state Controller Carl
McCall who were only too happy to open their public payrolls to Hikind's family
and aides. They did much in exchange for an embrace from the man who has
proclaimed himself the symbol of growing Orthodox Jewish political clout.

Take Pinchus Hikind, Dov's brother. After Dov crossed party lines to help
Republican Giuliani get elected in 1993, Giuliani named Pinchus to a senior post
at the Community Assistance Unit, the patronage-laden arm of the mayor's office.

Dov tried to finagle Pinchus into replacing mayoral staff chief Bruce Teitelbaum
the man Dov accuses of causing much of his trouble as liaison to the Jewish
community. When that failed, Pinchus jumped to Hevesi, who pays him $ 73,612 a
year as a special assistant for intergovernmental and community affairs.

Hevesi aides say they keep Pinchus far from any contracts championed by his
brother.

Pataki took care of a second brother, giving Moshe Hikind a $ 60,000 state
Health Department job in the division that oversees emergency medical services
including private ambulance companies that are among Dov's biggest financial
benefactors. Moshe has since been shifted to a job helping reorganize the Health
Department's office in the city.

The Health Department job popped up after state Housing Finance Agency officials
resisted moves to give him a $ 70,000 job there.

Closer to home, Hikind's wife, Shani, got a $ 45,000 job in Pataki's New York
office, where her call to oust the Labor Party-led Israeli government forced
Pataki to remind her that he sets the state's foreign policy. After Dov failed
to push aside Pataki aide Jeff Weisenfeld as Jewish liaison, Shani quit to
return to raising money to buy Arab-owned lands in Jerusalem.

Dov also helped his former staff chief Jeff Reznik get a $ 45,000 job with the
Housing Authority. After McCall was elected with Hikind's help, Reznik got a $
59,232 job with the controller; he is on leave now to run for a Sheepshead Bay
City Council seat.

But now as Hikind endures the summer of his discontent, as federal prosecutors
follow a paper trail of canceled checks drawn on publicly funded programs used
to pay his children's tuition and his overseas travel bills, the politicians who
sought his blessing are conspicuously absent.

As he waited for his arraignment, Hikind sat alone in an empty courtroom reading
his indictment. He later said he wanted to shout to the rooftops about his
innocence, but lawyer Gustavus Newman wouldn't let him.

Hikind did briefly slip Newman's leash. When asked why he was carrying a book on
the destruction of the ancient temples in Jerusalem, he said: "It's appropriate
because all of this has been caused by self-hatred, jealousy and self-interest
among Jews."

An irritated Newman stifled the ordinarily voluble Hikind.

"It's over, Dov," Newman said. "I don't know what they say in politics, but
'Cut.' "

WHAT NEWMAN KNOWS, and Hikind has to learn, is that he will not be judged by
fawning politicians or the reporters who tracked his rise to power. His fate
will be in the hands of 12 jurors who will be picked for a trial slated to begin
next May.


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DAVID HANDSCHUH DAILY NEWS CENTER of attention: Dov Hikind on his way
to court with lawyers.

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday

BUSH WILL NEED MORE THAN HIS NAME TO WIN

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 721 words


Monday is the big day when Jeb Bush - that scamp - is expected to stop teasing
everyone and reveal (finally!) what his presidential plans are for 2016.

What will he do? What will he do? Pins and needles.

Sure, the former Florida governor has been raising gobs of money for his
campaign - er, make that his highfalutin'-sounding super-duper political action
committee, Right to Rise, which ought to be more properly called Right to Cast
Goo-Goo Eyes Toward Jeb.

Still, nothing signaled the candidate-in-waiting's entry into the Republican
presidential primary mix more than his recent, obligatory road trip abroad, as
if to demonstrate that at least one of the Bush family sons knows where Europe
is.

Find Germany. Check.

Assail Russia's Vladimir Putin as a crazy nut. Check.

Finagle photo-op with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Check.

Avoid creepy shoulder rub. Check.

Announce presidential campaign. Check.

The nascent Bush presidential effort has faced some critical scrutiny as the
candidate's seeming dominance in early polling and fundraising ebbed a bit.

But with a GOP field of presidential dreamers expected to be as many as 20 or
so, it would be nearly impossible for any candidate to establish a prohibitive
lead in polling. And it seems that virtually all the other GOP contenders have
managed to find their own personal Daddy Warbucks sucker willing to pump money
into their doomed campaigns.

It would seem the greatest obstacle between Bush and the Oval Office isn't the
expected dancing monkey arrival of Donald Trump, the GOP's answer to Ronald
McDonald. It is Bush himself.

It wasn't supposed to be this way.

It was during the 1994 gubernatorial debate when the late Gov. Lawton Chiles
tossed off his memorably folksy line: "The old He-Coon walks just before the
light of day," leaving Bush looking as if he had just walked into the middle of
a foreign film without subtitles. Chiles would narrowly win re-election. And
Bush's brother George would become governor of Texas, setting the stage for
eight years of The Beverly Hillbillies' Jethro Bodine in the White House.

Now Florida's former governor is about to ask the American people to elevate
another Bush to the presidency. Bush tried to assure naysayers that he would be
his own man in seeking the presidency. Yet he has surrounded himself with
legions of advisers, enablers, apologists, fundraisers, spin-doctors, bundlers,
bootlickers and apparatchiks of both his father, George H.W. Bush, and brother.
This isn't a political dynasty. It's the hustings equivalent of SPECTRE.

Bush III has struggled to find something - anything - to publicly disagree with
his father and brother over to establish his "own man" bona fides. First he
gently poked W about spending too much money, which he indeed did. Then he
lightly chided Poppy for once referring to Ronald Reagan's tax policies as
"voodoo economics," which were indeed voodoo economics.

And the prodigal president still cannot bring himself to acknowledge that his
older brother's feckless deceit in leading the country into the disastrous
second Iraq War was the nation's greatest foreign policy failure.

Early on, Bush insisted he would only run for the presidency if he could
campaign with joy in his heart. That was another way of saying he would
appreciate it if no one else ran against him because he's, you know, special.

There always has been an air of entitlement wafting over Bush's political
career, as if he views himself as The Blue Boy of the Beltway. Much like all of
the contenders for the Republican nomination- aside from insisting education is
the cat's pajamas- he has yet to articulate a raison d'etre for his pre-ordained
candidacy beyond his status as a princeling of Kennebunkport.

And yet ...

Considering the rest of the Republican field, which resembles Munchkinland meets
Fox News, despite his shortcomings, his royal we-ness and his lordliness, Jeb
Bush probably is the GOP's best hope to prevail over likely Democratic
presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who has her own 800-pound box of black
spots to lug around - and that's just Bill.

What's going to happen? Who knows? Foisting sequels off on the public offers up
a cautionary tale. Need we be reminded of the stinker Godfather III, an
ego-driven project made only for the money. Way too much money. Way too much
ego.

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is expected to
announce his presidential plans Monday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday

Bush will need more than his name to win

SECTION: PER; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 718 words


Monday is the big day when Jeb Bush - that scamp - is expected to stop teasing
everyone and reveal (finally!) what his presidential plans are for 2016.

What will he do? What will he do? Pins and needles.

Sure, the former Florida governor has been raising gobs of money for his
campaign - er, make that his highfalutin'-sounding super-duper political action
committee, Right to Rise, which ought to be more properly called Right to Cast
Goo-Goo Eyes Toward Jeb.

Still, nothing signaled the candidate-in-waiting's entry into the Republican
presidential primary mix more than his recent, obligatory road trip abroad, as
if to demonstrate that at least one of the Bush family sons knows where Europe
is.

Find Germany. Check.

Assail Russia's Vladimir Putin as a crazy nut. Check.

Finagle photo-op with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Check.

Avoid creepy shoulder rub. Check.

Announce presidential campaign. Check.

The nascent Bush presidential effort has faced some critical scrutiny as the
candidate's seeming dominance in early polling and fundraising ebbed a bit.

But with a GOP field of presidential dreamers expected to be as many as 20 or
so, it would be nearly impossible for any candidate to establish a prohibitive
lead in polling. And it seems that virtually all the other GOP contenders have
managed to find their own personal Daddy Warbucks sucker willing to pump money
into their doomed campaigns.

It would seem the greatest obstacle between Bush and the Oval Office isn't the
expected dancing monkey arrival of Donald Trump, the GOP's answer to Ronald
McDonald. It is Bush himself.

It wasn't supposed to be this way.

It was during the 1994 gubernatorial debate when the late Gov. Lawton Chiles
tossed off his memorably folksy line: "The old He-Coon walks just before the
light of day," leaving Bush looking as if he had just walked into the middle of
a foreign film without subtitles. Chiles would narrowly win re-election. And
Bush's brother George would become governor of Texas, setting the stage for
eight years of The Beverly Hillbillies' Jethro Bodine in the White House.

Now Florida's former governor is about to ask the American people to elevate
another Bush to the presidency. Bush tried to assure naysayers that he would be
his own man in seeking the presidency. Yet he has surrounded himself with
legions of advisers, enablers, apologists, fundraisers, spin-doctors, bundlers,
bootlickers and apparatchiks of both his father, George H.W. Bush, and brother.
This isn't a political dynasty. It's the hustings equivalent of SPECTRE.

Bush III has struggled to find something - anything - to publicly disagree with
his father and brother over to establish his "own man" bona fides. First he
gently poked W about spending too much money, which he indeed did. Then he
lightly chided Poppy for once referring to Ronald Reagan's tax policies as
"voodoo economics," which were indeed voodoo economics.

And the prodigal president still cannot bring himself to acknowledge that his
older brother's feckless deceit in leading the country into the disastrous
second Iraq War was the nation's greatest foreign policy failure.

Early on, Bush insisted he would only run for the presidency if he could
campaign with joy in his heart. That was another way of saying he would
appreciate it if no one else ran against him because he's, you know, special.

There always has been an air of entitlement wafting over Bush's political
career, as if he views himself as The Blue Boy of the Beltway. Much like all of
the contenders for the Republican nomination - aside from insisting education is
the cat's pajamas - he has yet to articulate a raison d'etre for his
pre-ordained candidacy beyond his status as a princeling of Kennebunkport.

And yet

Considering the rest of the Republican field, which resembles Munchkinland meets
Fox News, despite his shortcomings, his royal we-ness and his lordliness, Jeb
Bush probably is the GOP's best hope to prevail over likely Democratic
presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who has her own 800-pound box of black
spots to lug around - and that's just Bill.

What's going to happen? Who knows? Foisting sequels off on the public offers up
a cautionary tale. Need we be reminded of the stinker Godfather III, an
ego-driven project made only for the money. Way too much money. Way too much
ego.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Smell of Pot And Privilege In the City

BYLINE: By JIM DWYER.

E-mail: dwyer@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; ABOUT NEW YORK; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 672 words


The Bloomberg administration has quietly been fixing up its sons and daughters
with cool summer internships, as reported Tuesday in The New York Times. Which
is probably fine: It is hard to see nepotism as much of a sin when it is really
just another chapter of Darwinism, the drive possessed by all creatures to
finagle a better future for their offspring.

No matter how much Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg preached about meritocracy, no one
expected that the laws of nature would be repealed when he was elected.

Sure enough, a Freedom of Information Act request showed that tucked among
hundreds of summer interns picked through a competitive process were dozens of
the children of City Hall insiders or of Mr. Bloomberg's friends. They reflected
the mayor's social and political circles: mostly white, many quite wealthy,
coming from private high schools and Ivy League colleges.

In short, these are not residents of Stop and Frisk New York.

Mayor Bloomberg promised to lead a government that looked like the city; in
reality, he leads one that looks like his mirror, an administration in which key
managers are overwhelmingly white and male. It is one thing if this means the
annual crop of interns is heavily salted with young Bloombergians.

It is quite another when those managers are shaping policies that wind up
leading to the deprivation of liberty of people who do not look like them.

Among the biggest but least discussed expansions of government power under Mr.
Bloomberg has been the explosive increase in arrests for displaying or burning
marijuana.

No city in the world arrests more of its citizens for using pot than New York,
according to statistics compiled by Harry G. Levine, a Queens College
sociologist.

Nearly nine out of ten people charged with violating the law are black or
Latino, although national surveys have shown that whites are the heaviest users
of pot. Mr. Bloomberg himself acknowledged in 2001 that he had used it, and
enjoyed it.

On the Upper East Side of Manhattan where the mayor lives, an average of 20
people for every 100,000 residents were arrested on the lowest-level misdemeanor
pot charge in 2007, 2008 and 2009.

During those same years, the marijuana arrest rate in Brownsville, Brooklyn, was
3,109 for every 100,000 residents.

That means the chances of getting arrested on pot charges in Brownsville -- and
nothing else -- were 150 times greater than on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.

No doubt this is, in large part, a consequence of the stop-and-frisk practices
of the Police Department, which Mr. Bloomberg and his aides say have been an
important tool in bringing down crime.

Nowhere in the city is that tactic used more heavily than in Brownsville. On
average, the police conducted one stop and frisk a year for every one of the
14,000 people who live there, an analysis by The New York Times found. More than
99 percent of the people were not arrested or charged with any wrongdoing.

Brownsville has the highest marijuana arrest rate in the city. The top 10
precincts for marijuana arrests averaged 2,150 for every 100,000 residents; the
populations in those precincts are generally 90 percent or more nonwhite.

Mr. Bloomberg's neighborhood has the lowest rate of marijuana arrests; the 10
precincts with the lowest rates averaged 67 arrests per 100,000 residents. The
population in most of those neighborhoods was 80 percent white.

A few weeks ago, Mr. Bloomberg talked about proposals that would allow marijuana
to be distributed for putatively medical purposes.

He said it was a Trojan horse for complete legalization.

''I mean, the idea of medical marijuana, we all know what that means: It means
everybody is going to qualify,'' he said. ''The worst thing is the hypocrisy of
saying it's medical marijuana. If you want to legalize it, let's have that
debate, but that's what you're really talking about. It has nothing to do with
medicine.''

In truth, in New York, the debate was over before it began.

For blacks and Latinos, it is very, very illegal.

But not in Mr. Bloomberg's neighborhood.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               December 16, 2007

Cinema: Bee Movie

SECTION: AGENDA

LENGTH: 211 words


Directed by Steve Hickner and Simon J Smith, Nationwide, G

Jerry Seinfeld pauses from counting his sitcom residuals to knock out this
amiable, undemanding digital animation about a young bee named Barry B Benson.

Voiced by Seinfeld, the bee discovers the truth about humans stealing all the
honey and pledges to sue mankind to get them to stop.

Barry is a rebel, underwhelmed by his career choices and looking to see
something of the world before settling down to a limited life as a drone. He
finagles his way onto a squadron of ace nectar-seeking bees and takes a dizzying
flight through New York's Central Park.

There, he gets separated from the others and meets a human girl named Vanessa
(Renee Zellweger).

A relationship blossoms between the talking insect and the florist, and she
joins him and reluctant best pal Adam (Matthew Broderick) on their mission to
free the bees from a life of servitude to humanity.

Although there are plenty of zippy one-liners and some brilliantly staged
set-pieces, Bee Movie never quite takes off, falling into the long-established
routines of celebrity cameos (from the likes of Sting and Ray Liotta), product
placements and conventional storytelling. The concept is initially charming, but
fails to develop satisfactorily.

Rating: ***

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

M's hot start could cool talk of hot seat;

BYLINE: John Blanchette

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 837 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Thank heavens that the rote disclaimers and feisty optimism of Opening Day are
behind us. Now we can get down to the real business of Seattle Mariners baseball
in 2007.

You know. The Year of the Hot Seat.

Sodo En Fuego.

For the first time since 1995 - when the Mariners had to reinvent themselves
into winners to finagle a stadium out of the Legislature and preserve their
place in Seattle - every night at the ballpark is a referendum on the judgment,
competence and futures of everyone from CEO Howard Lincoln down through general
manager Bill Bavasi and manager Mike Hargrove to, well, the Moose if there's any
justice in the world.

In other words, major league baseball as it exists in most other cities.

Naturally, the Mariners did the their best in Monday's opener not to find a
season's worth of truths in nine innings, even when Felix Hernandez made it such
an appealing notion after undressing the Oakland Nemeses. This sort of thing is
never necessary by Game 2, mostly because two-thirds of the media mob abandon
the press box, having temporarily exhausted their big-picture pronouncements.

Game 1 is Opening Day. Game 2 is Just Another Day.

Never mind that there were as many encouragements to come out of Tuesday's 8-4
victory over the A's as in the opener - in this case, a solid start by Jarrod
Washburn, another what-you're-being-paid-for pop by Richie Sexson and other
assorted clutch hitting, a concept with which recent Mariners converts may not
be familiar.

So for one more day, let the embers cool beneath the executive butts.

Lincoln's pronouncement last fall that all the major characters of Mariners
baseball were on the hot seat - his words, to his later dismay - has led to a
consensus that Seattle better experience a whiz-bang April in the won-lost
column or the pink-slipping will be on.

Even if it's not true on that level - Hargrove suggested that such a line of
questioning is "pissing up a rope" as spring training began - on a practical
level the M's must do something special just as a come-on to the constituents,
to get them even a little jazzed about baseball again. It should be noted,
however, that the attendance dropoff from the opener to the second game was
5,000 less than a year ago.

Either the new message of hope is resonating with the fans, or Joel Pineiro's
departure did.

As much as you want to demur that you can't rush the results of baseball, the
urgency here is unmistakable. It is, in part, why Hargrove had one foot on the
top step of the dugout when rookie Brandon Morrow let two on with nobody out in
the ninth - though Seattle still had that four-run lead.

Of course, it's also why Morrow - with 16 minor league innings for experience -
is in the big leagues.

No longer is it "You Gotta Love These Guys." Now it's "These Guys Gotta Win."

Or as Hernandez himself insisted, "We're going to make some noise this year."

It's a little amusing that it has come down to raw results here. The charming
conceit of Seattle baseball between 1995 and 2003 was that while, yes, the
Mariners won, community connection was perhaps just as important. Safeco Field
was "Cheers," where everybody knew the players on a first-name basis, and those
who turned their backs on Seattle - Randy Johnson, Ken Griffey Jr., Alex
Rodriguez - were treasonous, or worse.

All that warm-fuzziness seduced the front office into letting the club grow too
old too quickly and dissuaded them from a rebuilding philosophy whereby the
present was sacrificed for a wholesale youth movement. Then it turned out the
youth on hand wasn't all that good - certainly not the vaunted pitching arms of
the farm system - and the present was sacrificed anyway.

Now there are all sorts of predicaments. Thanks to a misread of the free-agent
pitching market, the payroll is $107 million - seventh in baseball behind all
the you-know-who big market teams. Yet that buys only one established
drawing-card star - Ichiro Suzuki, who is conducting his own season-long
referendum as he ponders a possible exit. The M's are destined to lose money for
the first time in the Safeco era, though a $23 million profit last year gives
them that luxury.

Yet there is also the sense that while the M's haven't necessarily been rebuilt,
they have been fashioned into something that can be lived with.

The everyday lineup seems to project more balance, with no sure outs. All but
Ichiro and Jose Lopez are signed beyond this season, and they average just 29.3
years old - not callow, not ancient.

It's the newly acquired pitchers who will make the next three starts - Miguel
Batista, Horacio Ramirez and Jeff Weaver - will likely decide how hot the seat
gets, and since they were Bavasi's answer to Honey I Forgot the Pitching Staff,
so they should.

"If last night was all about pitching," Hargrove said after beating the A's for
the second time - already the M's are as good as last year - Wednesday, "then
tonight was all about hitting."

He might be saying that a lot this season.

At least, he's hoping to.

TYPE: Commentary, Column

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 9, 2001, Thursday

S.I. BAGEL TEACHER IN 'HOLE' LOT OF TROUBLE

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE Education Reporter

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 006

LENGTH: 280 words


A Staten Island teacher should get the boot for selling bagels when he claimed
to be instructing students at their homes, Schools Investigator Ed Stancik said
yesterday.

Stancik said Frank Accardi shortchanged special-education kids and defrauded the
Board of Education out of thousands of dollars with his bagel finagle.

"I'm struck by his brazenness. We can't be in a position to pay people to sell
bagels. He's a candidate for his own form of home economics," Stancik said.

"It's not just stealing a few bucks. He took advantage of a lot of vulnerable
families."

While claiming to be teaching, Accardi, 54, was caught on videotape by
investigators behind the counter at Grandma Bagels on Richmond Avenue in
Eltingville - which he partly owned - or at his Prince's Bay residence, Stancik
said.

Stancik praised home instruction Assistant Principal Eileen Pryor for helping
expose the scam.

The probe was launched after Pryor did a random telephone check at a student's
home when Accardi was supposed to be teaching and discovered he wasn't there.

She also found out another student Accardi claimed to be home-teaching had
already returned to school last November; Accardi allegedly filed bogus claims
of teaching the student at home for another three months.

He then tried to pressure the student's father to lie to school officials so
that he could keep the boy on his phantom schedule, telling the dad his son
would have a hard time getting home instruction in the future, Stancik said.

Accardi, a 15-year veteran who was paid $55,023, told the Post, "I'm very
anxious to have the whole thing resolved."

He and his lawyer declined further comment.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 7, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Vent frustration for only $ 29.95

BYLINE: Rheta Grimsley Johnson

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 01C Rheta Grimsley Johnson

LENGTH: 528 words


That ever-swift O.J. has run the gamut, all the way from being accused, to being
acquitted, to being the victim.

If you choose to believe his story, Simpson was the partner abused during his
stormy marriage to Nicole, who conveniently is dead and cannot refute the
charges.

O.J. says his late ex-wife hatched a dastardly plot to finagle her way out of a
prenuptial agreement. She concocted wild stories of vicious beatings.

Somehow the inventive shrew even illustrated her fantastic fabrications with
bruised and bloody self-portraits. Or so sayeth O.J.

He admits to one isolated mistake in 1989.

At this point, you can't really blame O.J. for thinking the public will swallow
anything. It's a tack that's worked for him so far.

Off the golf course, back in the courtroom, O.J. has to answer those nasty
charges of spouse abuse for the record. Thus his claim that prosecutors have it
all backward, that he was the victim, not Nicole.

The more he talks, the angrier some people get. A few are so angry they are
doing something about it. They are mailing checks for the exact cost of O.J.
Simpson's video version of events - $ 29.95 - to abused women's shelters.

I don't know where that terrific idea came from. It doesn't matter. Here's a
positive way to vent frustration, one that serves both justice and compassion.

Any battered women's shelter would appreciate the money, I'm sure. But if you
don't know of a worthy recipient, I have a couple of suggestions.

Share House Inc., at P.O. Box 723, Douglasville, Ga., 30133, could use the $
29.95 donation.

Right now Share House does legal advocacy work for women in Douglas and Paulding
counties and houses up to 30 women and children from all over the state.
Director Patricia Kellar says the center is trying to expand its legal
assistance to Haralson and Polk counties, which are rural and lack such service.

"I had one official tell me, 'We don't have much of that kind of thing in our
county,' which gives you an idea of part of the problem," Kellar says.

Wife abuse is not confined to any one set of demographics. The center city, the
boonies, the suburbs - all hold horror stories.

If you prefer to help a metropolitan center, write the Women's Resource Center
To End Domestic Violence, P.O. Box 171, Decatur, Ga., 30031.

"We got two checks in the amount of $ 29.95 this morning," director Karen
O'Brien says. "Remind people they can always 'buy' more than one video."

In 1995 alone, O'Brien's facility helped wrangle 3,446 temporary protective
orders in DeKalb County, answered 10,417 hotline phone calls and sheltered 282
women and children. The Decatur home is the metro Atlanta recipient of one of
the $ 2,000 Nicole Brown Simpson grants established by the Brown family.

I asked the two experts if it's common for a wife abuser to see himself as some
kind of victim. Both said, "Yes."

"In their minds it becomes a matter of how good the wife had it and what she did
wrong," Kellar says.

To help straighten out this twisted logic, mail a check for $ 29.95 to the women
who could use your help.

Johnson's column runs Sunday, Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 18, 2012 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Get an intro to business school in a book

BYLINE: RICHARD MIZE, Real Estate Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; RICHARD MIZE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 513 words


Here's a little book that could be a devotional aid for students as well as
those with experience in the business world, a daily meditation guide - at least
for 101 days.

It's "101 Things I Learned in Business School," by Michael W. Press with Matthew
Frederick, $15 in hardcover, published by Grand Central Publishing.

A review copy landed in The Oklahoman's business news department when it came
out last summer. Every time I've picked it up, I've read something that made me
go "hmm."

As in: "Hmm, if I'd had this back in the day, I might could've saved myself the
ton of headaches and gut wrenching it took to finagle 18 hours of C's for a
minor in economics at Oklahoma State."

Take Thing No. 23, which is directly applicable to real estate dealing: "The
party that cares less about the outcome of a negotiation is in the stronger
negotiating position."

Press, MBA Harvard, Ph.D. George Washington University, who teaches at the
University of Illinois, explains:

"There is no stronger position at the negotiating table than indifference - to
be able to walk away without negative consequence. This is not to say that a
walk-away strategy is the best in every circumstance or over the long run; one
can win many negotiating battles but lose a larger negotiating effort by
alienating those with whom business could otherwise have been done in the
future."

That sounds like a homeowner who lists a house just to test the water and
deliberately overprices it. The danger? A life event makes it necessary to
actually sell, and the "larger negotiating effort" is set back because of the
stigma: Realtors know the owner already overpriced the place, and is stubborn
besides. Good luck with that.

Take Thing No. 59, also directly applicable to real estate: "Business
development can save municipalities money."

Not sure any Oklahoma City suburbs consider new business as a negative (although
those closest to a development site can always be counted on to be in
opposition), but consider:

"Although considered undesirable in some bedroom communities, business
development is more cost effective for municipalities than a comparable level of
residential development. Businesses typically pay higher real estate taxes than
residents do, while demanding far less in services."

My little ol' econ minor came from Arts & Sciences, not the Business College.
Charts and graphs leave me clown-eyed. Give me narrative with the numbers -
interpretation, social context and the other fuzzy things that are hard to
account for on a balance sheet.

Which is why No. 5 is my favorite: "Not all capital is economic."

Press explains: "Intellectual capital is proprietary information and in-house
knowledge of technologies, materials, processes useful to an organization. Human
capital consists of talents, skills and knowledge residing among employees.
Social capital refers to established human relationships, both within and
external to a company, that create and maintain value."

So, I'd almost be rich except that, sadly, "not all capital is economic" means
that not all capital is spendable.


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      March 21, 1996 Thursday 1ST EDITION

BRIEFING

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 1410 words


NEGOTIATORS MUM ON GM STRIKE TALKS: Negotiators for General Motors Corp. and
striking Ohio brake makers met again yesterday and the Clinton administration
offered federal mediators to help settle the dispute. But neither union nor GM
spokesmen would say whether negotiators were making progress. The strike by
2,700 brake workers at the two Delphi Chassis plants has crippled 26 of GM's 29
assembly plants and 18 parts plants. It also has affected dozens of parts plants
and independent GM suppliers. GM has been forced to furlough about 175,800 of
its 250,000 hourly workers in the United States, Mexico and Canada. Yesterday GM
idled a lighting systems plant in Matamoros, Mexico, that has 3,000 workers.

STOCKS EYE PC SALES AND FALL: Stocks fell Wednesday amid renewed concerns about
the health of personal computer sales. The Dow Jones industrial average ended
14.09 points lower at 5,655.42. A late surge in bonds prompted institutional
buying in the stock market, trimming a mid-afternoon loss of 52 points.
Coincidentally, the Dow lost exactly what it did on Tuesday. It has chipped
28.18 points off its 98.63-point gain Monday, when it reached a record closing
high of 5,683.60. Declining issues barely led advancers on the New York Stock
Exchange. Big Board volume was heavy at 408.99 million shares, below Tuesday's
pace. Broad-market indexes were mostly lower, with the Standard & Poor's 500
composite down 1.71 at 649.98, the NYSE Composite down 0.35 to 348.20, and the
NASDAQ composite off 10.68 to 1,101.82. But the American Stock Exchange's market
value index rose 2.70 to 567.27. The 30-year Treasury bond was up 1 point late
in the session, mostly on technical factors, yielding 6.63 percent. The dollar
was higher against the German mark and the Japanese yen.

BEER STOCK SALE MAKES SEC FOAM: The Spring Street Brewery began trading its
stock over the Internet on Friday, but on Monday 11 lawyers from the Securities
and Exchange Commission came calling. "They had a lot of questions, and they
asked us to stop trading on the Internet for the time being," said Andrew Klein,
36, the brewer's founder and a former securities lawyer. The New York brewing
company halted its Internet stock trading venture after regulators questioned
the legality of an unregistered brewer listing and clearing trades on the
Internet. "I think they're drinking too much of their product," said David
Robbins, a securities law attorney in New York City. "There's no way to regulate
it, or insure that investors are getting a fair price, or that the market isn't
being manipulated." The sales represented the first effort by a company to
create a marketplace for its stock on the Internet.

TEMPERS FLARE AT TRADE SUMMIT: Tempers exploded over U.S. patent rights at the
hemispheric trade summit yesterday, prompting organizers to summon police to
calm unruly South American drug company representatives. "There were boos. There
were charges of manipulation" said Harvey E. Bale Jr., a senior vice president
of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America. The disruption at
the meeting in Cartagena, Columbia - where the violence was only verbal - was
over what U.S. drug companies call piracy, but which some South American
companies say is greed by U.S. drugmakers. Bale claims the issues are simple:
the Argentina-centered pharmaceutical "pirates" want to be able to continue
producing heart drugs, antibiotics, anti-ulcerants and other medications based
on U.S.-developed products whose patents are still pending.

CONAGRA EARNINGS UP 8 PERCENT: ConAgra earnings rose 8 percent in the
December-February quarter, helped by strong grocery products gains, which were
partly offset by lower earnings in its poultry and meat businesses. ConAgra
earned $ 128.4 million, or 55 cents per share, on sales of $ 5.77 billion in the
quarter. A year earlier the company earned $ 118.5 million, or 49 cents per
share, on sales of $ 5.76 billion. The company said high grain costs cut into
its poultry and meat earnings. The company estimates its expenses for feed will
be $ 70 million higher through May than a year ago. ConAgra's stock was 62.5
cents higher per share at $ 42.875 on the New York Stock Exchange. For the nine
months ended in February, the company earned $ 382.6 million, or $ 1.63 per
share, on sales of $ 18.83 billion.

EINSTEIN BROADENS BAGEL CHAIN: Golden-based Einstein Bros. Bagels Inc. said it
will buy Finagle A Bagel, a three-store Boston chain. Also, Finagle A Bagel
president Larry Smith will become head of an Einstein team developing bagel
stores across New England. Details of the transaction weren't released. Einstein
Bros. is funded in part by a senior secured loan from Boston Chicken Inc., which
can be converted under certain conditions into a majority equity interest in
Einstein Bros.

LOANS OFFERED TO PLAINS AREA: Small businesses in four Eastern Plains counties
can get loans of up to $ 25,000 under a new direct lending program of the
Prairie Development Corp. The "Micro Enterprise Loans" are open to businesses
with five or fewer employees including the owner in Elbert, Lincoln, Kit Carson
and Cheyenne counties. The corporation is a non-profit, economic-development
agency for an 8,000-square-mile area with fewer than 30,000 residents. Jo
Downey, PDC's executive director, said making such small loans directly "fills
yet another gap" for new or expanding enterprises because banks sometimes
consider loans under $ 25,000 too costly to process and service. The five-year
loans - established with a $ 150,000 block grant from the Colorado Office of
Business Development - are meant to help keep and expand local businesses in the
rural, east-central part of Colorado.

OIL FUTURES DIP, BUT WHEAT SOARS: Profit takers had their day in the energy pits
yesterday, sending crude oil futures sharply lower after seven straight days of
rising prices on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Light sweet crude oil for
delivery in April lost $ 1.28 and settled at $ 23.06 a barrel. Meanwhile, March
wheat skyrocketed as much as 48 percent as traders at the Chicago Board of Trade
were caught against the deadline to trade the expiring contract. At one point
the price reached $ 7.50 a bushel, the highest level ever for a near-term wheat
contract, the Board of Trade said. The previous high was $ 6.45 on Feb. 26,
1994. March wheat settled at $ 6.40, still a gain of $ 1.33.

J.C. PENNEY PLANS OPENINGS, CLOSINGS J.C. Penney Co. will budget about $ 700
million in capital spending each of the next three years and open 100 new stores
and close 50 to 60 stores in the same three-year period, a company spokesman
said yesterday. Penney's also plans to modernize 500 stores during the next
three years, and will place a new emphasis on women's apparel and accessories.
To push women's apparel sales, the company will introduce a new line of weekend
casual wear on June 1. Women's clothing has always accounted for 40 percent of
Penney's total sales.

AT&T PLANS LOTUS NOTES ON INTERNET: AT&T plans to integrate IBM's upcoming
version of Lotus Notes in its Internet service, the long-distance company said
yesterday, weeks after scrapping plans to use the software for linking computers
over telephone lines. The new program, Notes Server, will be offered this summer
and will be designed to allow users to collaborate on the same document across
the Internet. Current versions are intended mostly for internal computer
networks.

LOW-INCOME CREDIT: The Earned Income Credit lowers taxes for low-income workers
who support children, the Colorado Society of Certified Public Accountants
reminds taxpayers. The maximum credit is $ 2,094 for one child and $ 3,110 for
two or more. An Earned Income Credit of $ 314 also is available to some
low-income workers without children.

EPA WANTS KILNS CONTROLLED: The Environmental Protection Agency proposed tougher
pollution controls yesterday to reduce hazardous emissions from cement kilns and
commercial incinerators that burn toxic waste. The new proposal would require
furnace operators to install new equipment and change operating procedures for a
variety of toxic chemicals including cancer-causing dioxins and lead. The
regulation, which could become final later this year, would apply to 162
commercial waste incinerators and 22 kilns used for making cement, all of which
burn toxic waste. The EPA estimated the additional cost to industry to be $ 132
million a year.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              June 28, 2010 Monday
                                  ROP Edition

GET A LIFE - REALITY TV;
Crude, rude: Tackiness and stupidity have rewards

BYLINE: LORETTA LaROCHE,

SECTION: News; pg. 8

LENGTH: 424 words


Little by little, we are spiraling into a place where being tacky, rude,
immoral, unethical or stupid is often rewarded with a reality show, book or
movie deal.

TV moguls have created a genre that seems to be a bottomless pit. Nothing is
prohibitive or sensitive. In fact, crude and rude seem to be in vogue.

Currently you can watch "The Real Housewives of New Jersey," a show predicated
on a group of uber-entitled women, one of whom recently declared bankruptcy. It
seems Teresa Giudice and husband Joe's spending sprees have left them owing
$10.5 million to creditors. However, their lawyers' ability to finagle their
case allows them to keep any new income they make, which will then make it
possible for Teresa to continue to shop 'til she drops.

If you want a teenage version, you have only to turn on "Jersey Shore." This
group takes gauche to an all-time high. Snookie, who seems to get the most press
attention, is about to launch a clothing line called Filthy Couture. Now there's
something I can't wait to buy. I wonder if the label recommends taking a bath
afterward.

Have a need to watch a couple with bad manners? Well, you just got your wish.
The Salahis, who crashed a White House dinner party, are set to have their own
show. I wonder what the premise will be? Will they simply spend their nights
going to parties they weren't invited to, while viewers watch the host and
hostess looking shocked?

If none of the above sounds enticing, then I suggest you watch Eliot Spitzer,
the former governor of New York who was caught transporting a hooker across
state lines, in his new CNN talk show. It seems CNN's ratings have gone down, so
why not? In fact, not only can you watch Spitzer, you also can also read Ashley
Dupre's column in the New York Post called "Meet Market." It was Dupre who
bedded Spitzer, and I guess her expertise is such that she gets to write once a
week about sex, love and relationships.

If you're a psychologist, you might want to trade your shingle for a set of
sheets. In fact, being refined, tasteful and educated is probably not going to
cut it. If you want to have a reality show, you're going to have to get down in
the dirt and scratch with the chickens.

Author, humorist, PBS star and Fortune 500 trainer Loretta LaRoche lives in
Plymouth. To share your pet peeves, questions or comments, write to The Humor
Potential, 50 Court St., Plymouth 02360, send e-mail to
getalife@lorettalaroche.com, visit the Web site at www.stressed.com, or call
toll-free 800-99-TADAH (82324).

READ MORE columns by Loretta LaRoche.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                               November 18, 1999

LETTER FROM VLADIVOSTOK: Far East Reporter Left Her Heart in Serbia

BYLINE: By Russell Working

SECTION: No. 1840

LENGTH: 453 words


Some Vladivostok residents escape the gray city with trips to Thailand or
Singapore. Some head for Korea or finagle a visa to Australia. But only one
person I know of scraped together her savings, borrowed from her parents and
then headed off for two weeks among the bombed-out bridges and angry youth of
Novi Sad, Yugoslavia.

Yulia Ignatenko spent two weeks last month in a country better known as
(depending on your political persuasion) either the latest victim of American
bullying or the cradle of the most vitriolic nationalism Europe has seen since
Nazism. And the 26-year-old journalist returned with views that cast light on
the curious symbiosis between Russia and that tortured Balkan nation.

Yulia works at the Vladivostok, the daily that publishes my paper. Last spring,
the Vladivostok News was receiving dozens of impassioned e-mails from around the
world about the NATO attack - from British conservatives, American soldiers, a
Russian Orthodox Aleut in Alaska, a writer from India and quite a few angry
Serbs. (The only voices that failed to reach us were those of Kosovars, who
evidently didn't have time to power up their laptops on the forced march out of
the country.) Stirred by pan-Slavic patriotism, Yulia started corresponding with
a Serb named Dragan, who worked in a slot-machine casino. He and his wife Ana
invited Yulia for a visit.

The Serbs she met were embittered over the war, when they used to stand on the
balconies smoking and watching the bombs rain on bridges and oil refineries.
That in itself is a contrast to most modern wars; does anyone head outside and
watch Russian jets overfly Grozny? They helped her see that Albanians only
recently moved to Kosovo, and they were mostly drug dealers anyway. "Their
children were growing like grass and flowers along the road, and they wouldn't
go to school," Yulia noted. (She was not allowed to visit Kosovo.) Yet these
Serbs expressed no sympathy for President Slobodan Milosevic. They agreed that
the forced expulsion of Albanians was a disgrace. Only the uneducated support
the president, they said.

Yulia works at a newspaper where the bosses phone the regional administration
seeking guidance on editing controversial stories. She lives in a region where
some opposition candidates may be forced off the December ballot. These matters
came to my mind as she called Russia's leaders bastards, echoing the Yugoslav
contempt for their own rulers. "We are as alike as two drops of water," she
said.

Along the way, Yulia met a guy in Yugoslavia. If vacationing there sounds
strange, get this: Rumor around the newsroom has it that she wants to go live
there. I asked about this, and she smiled. "We will see."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1999 Independent Press


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                               November 18, 1999

LETTER FROM VLADIVOSTOK: Far East Reporter Left Her Heart in Serbia

BYLINE: By Russell Working

SECTION: No. 1840

LENGTH: 453 words


Some Vladivostok residents escape the gray city with trips to Thailand or
Singapore. Some head for Korea or finagle a visa to Australia. But only one
person I know of scraped together her savings, borrowed from her parents and
then headed off for two weeks among the bombed-out bridges and angry youth of
Novi Sad, Yugoslavia.

Yulia Ignatenko spent two weeks last month in a country better known as
(depending on your political persuasion) either the latest victim of American
bullying or the cradle of the most vitriolic nationalism Europe has seen since
Nazism. And the 26-year-old journalist returned with views that cast light on
the curious symbiosis between Russia and that tortured Balkan nation.

Yulia works at the Vladivostok, the daily that publishes my paper. Last spring,
the Vladivostok News was receiving dozens of impassioned e-mails from around the
world about the NATO attack - from British conservatives, American soldiers, a
Russian Orthodox Aleut in Alaska, a writer from India and quite a few angry
Serbs. (The only voices that failed to reach us were those of Kosovars, who
evidently didn't have time to power up their laptops on the forced march out of
the country.) Stirred by pan-Slavic patriotism, Yulia started corresponding with
a Serb named Dragan, who worked in a slot-machine casino. He and his wife Ana
invited Yulia for a visit.

The Serbs she met were embittered over the war, when they used to stand on the
balconies smoking and watching the bombs rain on bridges and oil refineries.
That in itself is a contrast to most modern wars; does anyone head outside and
watch Russian jets overfly Grozny? They helped her see that Albanians only
recently moved to Kosovo, and they were mostly drug dealers anyway. "Their
children were growing like grass and flowers along the road, and they wouldn't
go to school," Yulia noted. (She was not allowed to visit Kosovo.) Yet these
Serbs expressed no sympathy for President Slobodan Milosevic. They agreed that
the forced expulsion of Albanians was a disgrace. Only the uneducated support
the president, they said.

Yulia works at a newspaper where the bosses phone the regional administration
seeking guidance on editing controversial stories. She lives in a region where
some opposition candidates may be forced off the December ballot. These matters
came to my mind as she called Russia's leaders bastards, echoing the Yugoslav
contempt for their own rulers. "We are as alike as two drops of water," she
said.

Along the way, Yulia met a guy in Yugoslavia. If vacationing there sounds
strange, get this: Rumor around the newsroom has it that she wants to go live
there. I asked about this, and she smiled. "We will see."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1999 Independent Press


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 26, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

IGNORANCE WINS

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 262 words


To the Editor:

A vote for ignorance was cast by the City Council and the Board of Estimate in
eliminating the appropriation for the Legislative Office of Budget Review.

he leaders in opting for ignorance were Thomas Cuite and Howard Golden of the
Brooklyn machine and Donald Manes, boss of Queens. Their docile followers in the
Council and Board of Estimate cannot be excused in this vote for bad and closed
government. Only Henry Stern fought for rationality, openness and decency.

In its short life, the Budget Review Office demonstrated that a professionally
staffed unit, without much executive-branch cooperation, can provide competent
analysis of budgets, management reports and agency activities to guide the
Council and the board and provide an important, independent source of
information with respect to city operation and finances.

Why did Cuite, Golden and Manes eliminate the appropriation? Was it because the
office would not cook data and finagle analyses to meet predetermined positions?
Was it because the staff met professional qualifications? Was it simply an
occasion to veto the new Charter adopted by the city's electors? Was it an
opportunity to divide the spoils for more patronage? Or was it because they
believe in strength through ignorance?  SOL HOBERMAN Vice President, The City
Club New York, June 19, 1980

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter>

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 10, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Forgiveness Becomes a Strategy in Hockey Imbroglio's Aftermath

BYLINE: By ROBIN FINN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1182 words


The misadventures of Jim Schoenfeld, the New Jersey Devils' coach, and the
National Hockey League continued yesterday afternoon. The league rescinded the
suspension that Schoenfeld, with help from a New Jersey judge, was able to
ignore the night before.

The N.H.L.'s differences with Schoenfeld, said Brian O'Neill, the league's
executive vice president and chief disciplinarian, would be formally reviewed
today at a hearing in Boston.

The league also announced that an impromptu strike by the officials Sunday night
had been resolved. The referee and the linesmen refused to work the game once
Schoenfeld showed up behind the Devils' bench. The league was disciplining the
coach for berating an official after a game Friday night.

The protesting officials, who were led by Dave Newell, the referee and their
union chief, were replaced, after an hour's delay, by amateur officials culled
from the goal judge's booth and statisticians' tables. The fill-ins eventually
worked the fourth game of the Stanley Cup semifinal series between the Devils
and the Boston Bruins, and New Jersey won, 3-1, to tie the series at two games
apiece.

The Devils' wardrobe had to be raided to furnish pants and skates for the
substitute officials. The players and the 19,096 fans, who amused themselves by
bouncing beachballs through the air as they waited for the league to finagle a
way to get the game played, got a giggle out of the appearance of the new-found
officials when they took the ice.

No Sanctions

Meanwhile, Newell and his associates disappeared from Byrne Meadowlands Arena in
a huff, and their indignation wasn't smoothed over until yesterday. The league
indicated that there would be no sanctions against Newell and the two linesmen,
Gord Broseker and Ray Scapinello. The officials were technically in violation of
their contracts when they elected to disobey the order from William A. Wirtz,
the chairman of the N.H.L.'s board of governors, to work the game despite their
objection to Schoenfeld's presence.

The league said its difference of opinion with its officials had been settled in
a meeting yesterday in Toronto, and that officials had agreed to work the
remainder of the playoffs without incident, and with heightened security if
necessary.

The officials assigned to last night's game between Edmonton and Detroit had
vowed to boycott that game if the league chose to punish Newell and his
linesmen. Rather than undergo a sec-ond evening of embarrassment, the league
chose to conciliate its officials and recover whatever might be left of an image
that sunk to absurdity at precisely the worst time of the year.

O'Neill will conduct the hearing today if John Ziegler, the league's president,
continues to be unavailable. Although Ziegler has reportedly been in telephone
contact with league administrators and lawyers, he has made himself conspicuous
by his absence throughout the Schoenfeld affair.

Late yesterday, the league continued to refuse to disclose Ziegler's
whereabouts. ''The attitude is, who really needs to know where he is as long as
he stays in touch,'' said one league publicist.

The league did admit that, to avoid having to respond to the court order wielded
by the Devils, it was erasing O'Neill's suspension order.

'Suspension Is History'

''The suspension of Jim Schoenfeld for Game 4 is history,'' said Gary Meagher,
the league's spokesman, from Montreal, ''but that's not to say there won't be
further suspensions.''

The brouhaha over Schoenfeld's right to coach his club Sunday night was created
on Friday night, when the coach cornered Don Koharski, the referee in that game,
in a hallway following the Devils' 6-1 loss. Although the coach later blamed his
team's desultory performance on fatigue, he maintained that inconsistent calls
by Koharski had marred the game.

With Schoenfeld the irate aggressor, the two men brushed together and traded
insults. Although no blows were exchanged and Schoenfeld was restrained by Doug
McKay, an assistant coach, Koharski, who stumbled during the confrontation,
alleged that he had been shoved by Schoenfeld. The coach maintained that a
review of a videotape of the incident, evidence not seen by O'Neill when he
ordered the suspension Sunday, clearly proved his arms had never left his sides.

Koharski reportedly told Schoenfeld he would never coach again, and the coach,
red-faced with anger, cursed at the official and called him ''a fat pig.''
Koharski and his linesmen filed a complaint with O'Neill, and O'Neill stunned
Schoenfeld Sunday afternoon when he told him he was imposing the suspension
pending a more thorough review.

Devils Turn to Court

Just hours before the scheduled start of Sunday night's game, the Devils, given
the cold shoulder by the N.H.L. officials with whom they atttempted to lodge a
protest, took their grievance to court. Lou Lamoriello, the Devils' president
and general manager, obtained a restraining order against the N.H.L. from Judge
James F. Madden of the Superior Court of New Jersey.

That, in turn, brought on the strike by Newell and his team, delaying the game
while reasonable facsimiles of officials were located. The two linesmen skated
the first period in gold jerseys and Devils warm-up pants before official garb
could be found for them.

The game got under way without further furor, but it concluded testily, as Terry
O'Reilly, the Bruins' coach, berated the Devils, the league and, especially, the
trio of unyielding officials ''who put themselves ahead of the players.''

In midafternoon yesterday, the N.H.L. announced that Schoenfeld's suspension,
which was based on only an investigation by telephone of the verbal complaint by
Koharski, was no longer in effect.

The league, hoping to expedite a resolution of the matter, decided to nullify
the order suspending Schoenfeld and proceed with the full hearing this afternoon
in Boston, according to Gil Stein, an attorney representing the N.H.L.

''We still don't think the initial order was invalid,'' Stein said yesterday,
''but at this point, we're thinking a lot of things. By rescinding the
suspension, we make last night like it never happened, but the matter under
investigation still has to be concluded, and will be, on Tuesday.''

The Devils are scheduled to face the Bruins in the fifth game of the playoff
series tonight at Boston Garden.

Lamoriello Pleased

''I'm certainly glad the league has decided to approach it this way,'' said
Lamoriello, who, like Schoenfeld, insisted that a videotape of the incident
would provide vindication for the coach. ''I do not feel a suspension is
warranted.''

He said he expected to abide by the findings of the hearing.

Lamoriello also said he was embarrassed by the fallout from his decision to
assure Schoenfeld a place behind the bench on Sunday. ''My actions were in no
way premeditated,'' he explained. ''I just felt some of the allegations against
Jim were explicitly wrong. I was shocked when the officials refused to
officiate, but it never occurred to me to offer to remove Jim. Two wrongs don't
make a right.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     March 12, 1995, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Chicago Hope doc starved for attention

BYLINE: CHRISTY SLEWINSKI, NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 339 words


Peter Berg, the hot-shot Billy Kronk, is on his way up

PREVIEW

CHICAGO HOPE, airs Monday at 8 p.m. on Ch. 7 and at 11 p.m. on Ch. 12.

NEW YORK -- Peter Berg's kicking back in his mid-town hotel room, trying to
finagle his way onto the front page of this newspaper.

It's a tough goal, as he'd be competing for space with O.J., some sort of local
crime shocker, or, perhaps, a feel-good story about puppies, kittens or kids.

But, even if he doesn't land the front page, Berg, the newest hot-shot doc,
Billy Kronk, on CBS' Monday night drama, Chicago Hope, will certainly get his
share of attention as one of Hollywood's fastest-rising up-and-comers.

Film fans know him from Late for Dinner, Aspen Extreme and, most recently, from
the cable-to-theatre sleeper, The Last Seduction, which benefited from a
positive-publicity stir when his co-star, Linda Fiorentino, was refused an Oscar
nod because the film debuted on the small screen.

In addition, he's in the midst of rewriting a recently sold screenplay, and is
putting in motion a one-act play he's written, and will direct, for L.A.'s
Winterfest next month.

"I went from being busy to too busy," says Berg, who'll also do a guest turn on
an episode of Showtime's Fallen Angels.

Doing a TV series on top of everything else, he says, wasn't the plan. But the
quality of writing on Chicago Hope, coupled with the reputation of
writer/producer David E. Kelley, swayed him. Movies, theatre, TV. Quite an
undertaking, one would think, for a guy who insists he's lazy.

"I can sit around my house and do nothing," he says. "I'm alarmingly content not
working."

Lazy, maybe. Determined, definitely. At the close of the interview, Berg's still
pondering the front-page dilemma.

Maybe, he thinks out loud, he'll capture the attention of editors by throwing
someone out his hotel window. Teasingly, he debates who it should be: his
younger sister, Mary, or his personal publicist, both sitting in the room.

News to readers: He didn't make the front page.


LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 26, 2011 Sunday

Foster City OKs new alcohol policy for rental of city facilities

BYLINE: Aaron Kinney, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


June 26--Two fundamental adult desires came into conflict last week in Foster
City: protecting children from harm and the thirst for booze.

A split City Council approved a new alcohol policy for city facilities that for
the first time will allow alcohol to be served at special events at The Vibe,
Foster City's Teen Center. The Vibe is available to rent Saturday and Sunday,
when it is not being used for youth activities.

The council spent a half-hour debating the issue last Monday. Parks and
Recreation Director Kevin Miller noted that allowing alcohol at the facility
could send the wrong message to kids and damage The Vibe's image. Miller, Mayor
Linda Koelling and Vice Mayor Art Kiesel also expressed concern that kids could
finagle alcoholic beverages during events.

"I just feel that that facility is for the youth of the community," Koelling
said during the meeting. "It can be used by adults as well, but I'm not so sure
we have to serve alcohol with every activity that we sponsor in this community."

Koelling and Kiesel were outvoted, however, by Councilmen Charlie Bronitsky and
Rick Wykoff and Councilwoman Pam Frisella. Wykoff said adults are capable of
keeping drinks out of minors' hands, though Miller recounted that there was a
problem at the Community Center last month when teens were seen drinking at a
"Sweet 16" party chaperoned by adults.

The city allows four of its buildings to be used for special events: the
Community Center,

the Recreation Center, The Vibe and Council Chamber. People who hold special
events at these facilities -- including weddings, birthday parties and memorial
services -- are charged $163 for insurance plus $26 if alcohol will be sold.
Anyone who sells alcohol must also get a license from the state Department of
Alcoholic Beverage Control.

The council directed Miller to come up with a method for charging higher rental
fees for events serving alcohol, which put a greater strain on the city's
maintenance staff. Miller and council members said it will be important to make
sure The Vibe is cleaned thoroughly after parties so the smell of alcohol does
not remain.

Miller estimated in a staff report that allowing alcohol at The Vibe during
special events could bring the city $3,600 more a year in revenue from rentals.
Frisella said she thinks the figure will be higher.

To see more of the San Mateo County Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county. Copyright (c) 2011, San Mateo County
Times, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110626-SM-Foster-City-OKs-new-alcohol-policy-for-rental-of-city-facilities-062
6-20110626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2011 Small Business column


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Two Cents:Health care Is study in greed

BYLINE: By William A. Collins

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 603 words


When health and profit meet and clash, never bet against the cash.

America's No. 1 growth industry is health care. No one has yet found No. 2. This
preeminent role is not due to deadly epidemics, environmental meltdowns, or
massive public education. It's due to greed.

Greed drives pharmaceutical companies to finagle with patent laws, doctors, and
Congress to maintain their destructively high prices and profits. Greed drives
nonprofit insurance executives to convert to for-profit status and thereby
snatch up tidy bonuses. Greed drives doctors to open their own testing clinics
whereby they can refer patients to themselves. Greed drives hospitals to offer
every sort of specialty service, needed or not, so as not to let any patient's
dollars escape to competitors.

Yes, greed is universal, but some other nations deal with it better. All of them
in fact, when it comes to health care. Every industrialized country, and some
not so industrialized, has a superior system. In some, like Britain, the
government is in the business up to its elbows. In others, like Switzerland, the
job is left to tightly monitored nonprofits. Only in the United States is health
coverage still left to privateers. Otto von Bismarck (an unlikely hero) started
the trend toward public health care. Too bad it wasn't Teddy Roosevelt.

And now, as we try to fix our deeply flawed system, it ain't easy. President
Obama's original plan, rather than wisely providing Medicare for all, would
mostly have provided profits for all. That grab bag attracted more corporate
players than a pi?ata. Big Pharma was so giddy over its expected drug gains that
it mailed out glossy campaign flyers praising supportive Democratic congressmen,
normally its enemy. Private insurers were thrilled that all those grouchy
uninsured healthy people out there would finally be forced to buy from them.

Thus the reform law that would finally cover most Americans would also be a
corporate bonanza. How ironic that all those normally Republican corporations
were initially thwarted by a Republican Party that this time had a different
agenda, namely defeating Obama. As a result, 45 million Americans may yet remain
uncovered. Oh well, that's politics.

The upshot of the possible downfall of health reform is that America may yet
continue its Wild West health-care system. Hospitals and clinics still snipe at
one another for patients, drug companies still conspire to keep prices up,
insurers still jack up premiums and refuse to cover those who are sick,
employers still quietly abandon health benefits altogether or hire uncovered
part-timers, and doctors still edge over from general practice into more
lucrative specialties.

Also, people still suffer. Recent free one-day clinics in New Orleans, Houston,
and Hartford each drew over 1,000 uninsureds, and those were just the lucky ones
who heard about it. To others without available clinics, treatment is a dream, a
mirage like the "single-payer" (Medicare-for-All) system enjoyed by our Canadian
brethren. Only Hawaii, with its long nonprofit tradition and its emphasis on
preventive medicine, comes close.

Without reform, we will continue to muddle along with too many insurers, too
many drugs, too many specialized doctors, too many administrators, and too many
lobbyists. And now, with the Supreme Court granting even more political clout to
corporations, we'd all better stock up on milk, fruit, and Wheaties. If reform
ultimately fails, real health care will cost too much for many of us.

Minuteman Media columnist William A. Collins is a former state representative
and a former mayor of Norwalk, Connecticut.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                          September 25, 2002 Wednesday

Canyon residents want to know fate of homes

BYLINE: By Marianne Love , Staff Writer

LENGTH: 374 words


San Dimas Canyon residents are continuing to try to gain access to their homes,
some of which have been destroyed in the Williams Fire still burning out of
control in the Angeles National Forest.

Residents were updated by fire and forest officials for the second time
Wednesday night in the wake of the fire that has scorched more than 30,000
acresin the forest from Azusa to Upland, destroyed 71 structures and cost $4.1
million to fight.

Officials said San Dimas Canyon is still a dangerous place, and they will not
allow access until it is safe.

Emotions flared over the access issue at the makeshift American Red Cross
shelter at Bonita High School, causing a disturbance among about 80 people.

The ruckus residents were cussing at each other from across the room ended by
the time La Verne police arrived.

Some have been able to finagle their way into the forest to check out their
homes, while others still don't know if their cabins are standing.

"I just want access and to be able to get closure,' said Dave Bayless. "I
haven't seen it yet, but I heard it's a pile of ashes. I want to mourn my loss
and say goodbye.'

Pamela Rowlette blames forest officials for the loss of her cabin.

The single mother of two said if they didn't drain a nearby damn four years ago,
firefighters would not have run out of water or had to travel such long
distances to get some.

"I'm [upset],' Rowlette said. "The reason we are sitting here is because of
government negligence.'

Unlike most cabin owners, Reiner Kruger wasn't worried about access. He watched
his cabin go up in flames, barely escaping Monday evening.

The single dad was alone in his 1938 Craftsman-style cabin Sunday night,
thinking the fire was far in the distance.

So he thought.

Kruger woke up at 9 a.m. Monday to find the fire within view, close to the home
he bought in 1992 for $120,000.

"I looked down the canyon ... saw huge embers the size of your fist. Everything
started to catch on fire,' he said. "I was crouching, going, 'ouch, ouch'... I
ran over with a garden house, but the wind was blowing so hard the hose couldn't
put it out.'

Marianne Love can be reached at [626] 962-8811, Ext. 2108, or by e-mail at
marianne.love@sgvn.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            December 30, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Coyotes franchise unlikely to be facing NHL extinction

BYLINE: Tony Gallagher, The Province

SECTION: SPORTS; Tony Gallagher; Pg. A61

LENGTH: 666  words


There is always a great deal of idle talk around the league heading into
negotiations for a new collective bargaining agreement, and there is always a
mountain of speculation with respect to what the NHL intends to do with the
Phoenix Coyotes.

Every year people says it's their last year, and yet it seems there is always
another attempt to find some ownership or finagle more money out of the city of
Glen-dale to keep the team where it is.

If the Coyotes move, the prevailing wisdom is that they may well end up in
Quebec, where a new building will eventually be built.

And, as we've said, the search for new ownership in Phoenix certainly hasn't
abated despite the lack of success. But there is now also some idle chatter that
given the possibility - perhaps even the likelihood - the present CBA will
expire in the middle of September without a new one being in place, that the
easiest way to get rid of this problem in the desert would be to declare
bankruptcy again and contract the league by one team.

Normally any talk of contraction is pretty silly because the league would have
to come up with a large sum of money to pay to the owner of the club in question
before he would be willing to collapse the team. And if there is one thing that
one can take to the bank, it's the fact that owners want money coming in from
their franchise movements or expansions, not going out.

But in this case, the cur-rent owner of the team is the NHL itself. And in the
absence of more cash from the city - which is apparently finally clueing in to
the fact it is throwing good money after bad - simply throwing up their hands
may indeed be the way to go for the NHL, given there will be far fewer
entanglements with the players in the absence of an agreement.

That way they don't have to give a team to a Canadian city - which wouldn't be
their first choice in the first place - but rather expand where they most want
to go, which is where they can get the most money.

And the troublesome lease they have on the building in Glendale could perhaps be
given the slip more easily by simply closing the doors and dissipating the
franchise, although they'd likely have to do something with the existing
contracts once a new CBA was undertaken.

But a note of reason here to quell the chatter.

Bankruptcy is never that easy or that simple. An NHL franchise is a considerable
asset and the creditors would be keen to get what they could - and clearly such
a move would be a pretty aggressive act on the part of the league in any CBA
talks, so this remains a fairly spaced-out notion.

But the interesting question now is how this impending deadline of decision
might impact the Phoenix management and players down the stretch this season,
particularly if the 'Yotes should happen to slip out of playoff contention over
the next few weeks as the trading deadline approaches.

Shane Doan, a hulking for-ward who may look good in a Vancouver uniform in the
play-offs given his size, experience and hard nose, has already said he wants to
stay in Phoenix if the team stays. But if the team is vacating, he wouldn't mind
being dealt at the dead-line, given his age and status as an unrestricted free
agent next season.

Perhaps even more interesting to the Canucks might be Adrian Aucoin, a right-
handed defenceman who still has some considerable ability playing more than 20
minutes a night as a plus player at age 38. He's also an unrestricted free agent
in July and loved his time in Vancouver, particularly the year he scored 23
goals here in '98-'99. If he liked the team then, he'd love it now.

The Coyotes are going to have to make a decision about these players regardless
of the owner-ship circumstances.

If they're in the hunt for a play-off spot, Doan and Aucoin will almost
certainly stay put and, judging by the way the Coyotes competed against Boston
on Wednesday night - in front of a full house no less - chances are they'll be
in that playoff hunt until the end.

But that end in Phoenix finally appears to be arriving.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images; Shane Doan is set on staying in Phoenix, but if the
Coyotes are moving on, he'd like to be out before trade deadline - and would
likely look very good in a Canucks uniform.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Internet: Puppet Theater For a New Age

BYLINE: By JIM DWYER.

E-mail: dwyer@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; ABOUT NEW YORK; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 749 words


Sometimes, there's nothing like a friend to stick up for you. Even an imaginary
friend.

In recent weeks, ''Sophia Walker'' has been surfing across the Internet,
vigorously defending the leader of the State Assembly, Sheldon Silver, and his
handling of sexual harassment charges against Vito J. Lopez, the assemblyman and
fallen leader of the Democratic Party in Brooklyn.

''This entire affair is nothing more than election-year scandal-mongering,''
Sophia Walker wrote.

Actually, Sophia Walker was an employee of Mr. Silver's office, Bill Eggler.

On the Internet, as a cartoon famously said, nobody knows you're a dog. Even if
you're barking incessantly about Shelly Silver.

This was a case of sock puppetry: appearing online under a fictive name to argue
or finagle or bully. It is widely practiced, though not always detectable. This
week brought word of the strange case of ''Paul Abrams'' -- a person for whom
the proof of existence seems to be confined to a return address on an e-mail.
Handily enough, the e-mail promised investments of $4.5 million in a Broadway
production of ''Rebecca.'' Without even a death notice or obituary, he was
pronounced dead of malaria via an e-mail, supposedly sent by a representative of
the estate.

Two years ago, a much-admired British historian, Orlando Figes, reviewed himself
under the rather threadbare sock-puppet handle of ''Historian.'' He did not
spare himself the tenderness that many authors quietly fantasize about,
describing his history of the Soviet Union as ''beautiful and necessary.'' Mr.
Figes might have pulled this off had he not unleashed the Historian puppet on
some rivals in a far less generous mood. These unworthies were slammed for their
books, which he declared ''rubbish'' and ''awful.'' When the curtain was pulled
back, Mr. Figes initially blamed his wife, then owned up days later, overtaken
by a fit of gallantry.

Tempting though it may be to see sock puppetry as a twisted outcropping of a
digital age, it has a deep history. Benjamin Franklin wrote as Silence Dogood
and Alice Addertongue, among many -- including Richard Saunders, of ''Poor
Richard's Almanack.'' Kierkegaard published treatises under multiple pseudonyms,
then managed the trick of editing himself under still other pseudonyms, earning
him bonus sock-puppet points, even if that seems to miss the entire point of
having an editor.

No list of early sock puppeteers would be complete without Fernando Pessoa, a
Portuguese poet and man of letters in the early 20th century, who created 72
imaginary names to cover his various writing moods and modes; he staged debates
among them and had one announcing the death of another, to much grief. Pessoa
called these ''heteronyms,'' a term that lacks the faintly musty notes of sock
puppet.

The example of Pessoa was invoked by a leading sock puppeteer of recent times in
New York, a man from Greenwich Village named Raphael Golb, whose doctoral
dissertation at Harvard was titled ''The Problems of Privacy and Trust in Modern
Literature.''

Mr. Golb created 72 identities for raucous online debates about the origins of
the Dead Sea Scrolls with others who, it turns out, were fighting it out under
cover of socks as well. Working from computers in the Bobst Library at New York
University, where he went to law school, Mr. Golb also sent e-mails that made
embarrassing admissions or assertions on behalf of his opponents. He wrote from
Gmail and Yahoo accounts that he created in their names.

Just last month, prosecutors in Manhattan submitted a brief to the Appellate
Division of State Supreme Court arguing that Mr. Golb was correctly found guilty
of sock puppetry that spiraled into felonies. Since that crime is not on the
statutes, he was convicted of identity theft, criminal impersonation and
forgery.

There was no question of anyone making money in this cyber-brawl.

''Only 100 people on earth understood what this was about,'' noted Ron Kuby, a
lawyer for Mr. Golb. Of those, he estimated four were actually engaged in the
debate, under scores of names.

He is appealing the conviction, arguing that the prosecution turns libel -- a
civil matter -- into a criminal act.

''Sock puppets have no constitutional rights,'' Mr. Kuby said. ''Sock puppeteers
have First Amendment rights.''

In Albany, after Mr. Eggler was exposed by The New York Post, Mr. Silver's
office reprimanded him. That may sound like a wrist slap. But the boss also
stopped giving him Internet access. For a sock puppet, that's cutting off food
and water.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/26/nyregion/sock-puppetry-time-honored-tradition-
thrives-online.html

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      January 4, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

Selling Iraqis on benefits of democracy no easy task

BYLINE: LARRY KAPLOW

SOURCE: Cox International Correspondent

SECTION: News; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1267 words


Baghdad, Iraq --- The contractors rebuilding the country's dilapidated power
plants and destroyed telephone systems have something, at least, to build on.
Those trying to teach democracy in post-Saddam Iraq are working without
precedent.

There was the call early on New Year's Day from an Iraqi woman seeking to
finagle an exemption from laws prohibiting her from being on the same local
council as her husband. Nepotism was the standard under the former regime, and
she didn't understand why she couldn't skirt the rules.

Employees of the North Carolina-based Research Triangle Institute, training
Iraqis on good local government, also notice that job applicants at City Hall
routinely include their religion, ethnicity and age on resumes, since those were
always what mattered most for jobs here.

And the contractors have to face the fact that Iraqis who work with them ---
whether serving on citizen councils or hauling away garbage for the city ---
sometimes get shot at.

With a yearlong contract from the U.S. Agency for International Development that
pays up to $167.9 million, RTI is a major player in the effort to encourage
representative government and responsible public management in Iraq. More than
200 staff members from the United States and other countries team up with about
five times as many local staff members in Iraq.

The nonprofit RTI is training and guiding a network of more than 200 new
neighborhood and city councils nationwide. It is also training and helping to
equip local bureaucracies, from teaching budgeting techniques to helping find
the site for a usable landfill to receive Baghdad's massive amounts of trash.

The work, performed in partnership with the U.S. military, the American-led
occupation authority and smaller contractors, is about more than good
government. It is about convincing most Iraqis that their new government will
provide basic services, keep corruption in check and give people a say in their
future.

Familiar issues

Though democracy is new to Iraq, RTI's Al Haines said he's encouraged that the
nascent municipal activity bears remarkable similarities to scenes he has
witnessed as an administrator in American cities --- Houston being the latest.
He goes to meetings where Iraqis argue over city priorities and champion pet
issues. Some grandstand and some display statesmanship. If, as the saying goes,
all politics is local, then all local politics free from dictatorship looks the
same.

"The similarities are unbelievable," said Haines, 59, the RTI team leader for
Baghdad. "People make their arguments, and I've heard them before."

Baghdad's municipal government has plenty of accomplished engineers and planners
among its 9,000 employees. But they existed for decades in a top-down system
where the needs of the city were often subjugated to the whims of the
dictatorship.

The central government controlled the budgets and therefore the priorities.
There was little auditing done to root out corruption, and municipal workers
were paid next to nothing unless Saddam wanted to reward them with special
bonuses.

RTI is trying to straighten out organizational flaws and offer computer training
and equipment. It is trying to establish codes of conduct in a bureaucracy in
which low pay helped encourage corruption and in a country in which nepotism is
often seen as a family obligation instead of a recipe for incompetence.

The nonprofit also is working to build some kind of customer service for the
city. In the past, there was almost no organized way for the bureaucracy to deal
with suggestions or complaints.

RTI employees, spread through coalition compounds and fortified Baghdad hotels,
work seven days a week. On some days, security lockdowns keep them inside.
Iraqi-American staffers and local Iraqis have more freedom of movement.

But the security problems interfere with the work indirectly as well.

"It's kind of hard to collect garbage when people are shooting at you," said
RTI's Edward Mazuroski, a waste management adviser.

Another priority for RTI is to strengthen the interim government councils, set
up initially by the Army. They are intended to give Iraqis the first chance in
their life to have a say in their government.

Meetings get raucous

In Baghdad there are neighborhood councils of seven to 15 people for each of the
88 neighborhoods. They were chosen in varying ways, sometimes by the Army, with
the consent of those interested enough to attend. In turn, they chose nine
district councils, which then chose members for a citywide council.

The neighborhood councils meet at least once a week. They are unknown to most
Iraqis still, but those who attend get the heady chance to face Army officers or
foreign contractors to ask for help or complain about problems. The meetings can
get raucous.

"The yelling is why I sometimes don't go to them," said Sadak Jaffar al-Tai, 52,
a car electrician and frequent attendee at meetings in the Hi al-Riyad
neighborhood. But before, he said, "there were no meetings. No one would listen
to you. You spoke or didn't speak, and it was the same thing. They told you to
be quiet."

RTI is teaching councils how to make agendas, allow public hearings, form
committees, apply for grants and form a consensus. It also works with the
U.S.-led occupation authority to find offices for the councils, about half of
which have no dedicated meeting space in this city of burned-out government
buildings.

Ban Saraf, 41, is an RTI worker born in Iraq and most recently co-owner of a
Virginia software company. She leads a seven-member team working with the
neighborhood councils, and lately she has focused on getting more women as
members.

In some districts, women account for only about 3 percent of the leadership.
Saraf recently won permission from the coalition to add seats for women and is
now looking for applicants.

One of her hardest jobs has been convincing Iraqis that democracy can benefit
them. They are naturally focused now on fears of crime, power outages and social
instability.

"Some of them say, 'I want the dream of going to work in the morning, coming
back in the afternoon, doing some shopping on the way home, like I see in the
movies,' " Saraf said. "Some don't want anything to do with politics."

Two members of the local councils have been killed, though the motives for the
killings are unclear.

"While security has not been the greatest, it has not stopped us or the
councils," Saraf said.

But a world of potential obstacles lie outside RTI's and the councils' control.
The Iraqi Governing Council, chosen by the American-led coalition, is the
highest Iraqi governing body in the country. Unlike the local councils, it
includes several members who lived in exile during Saddam's reign. The national
council meets in secret and is viewed with disdain and suspicion by many Iraqis.

Neither the local councils nor the city council control budgets. In fact,
Mazuroski said, Congress cut $152 million requested for waste management by the
Bush administration, leaving a shortfall he hopes international donors will make
up.

Soon the coalition, with RTI's assistance, will start the process of forming
local caucuses that will, in several stages, choose a national assembly. That
assembly will choose the leadership to run the country, and there is no
assurance the new leaders will keep or respect the councils working now.

RTI staff members hope that by then the councils will be a strong enough
constituency to ensure that the new national leadership has to take them into
account.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: RTI executive Ron Johnson, being prepared for an interview by
Wayne Journee and Cliff Haac (right), leads a team to develop local governments
and public services in Iraq. / HARRY LYNCH / Raleigh News & Observer

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 April 2, 1996, Tuesday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Bachelor is eligible for lots of attention

BYLINE: LISA PELAMATI

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



Of the hundreds of single women who have called, written and E-mailed J.
Michael Pinson in the past two weeks, there is one who definitely won't hear
back.

A saucy brunet sent a card with an air-brushed woman in a provocative pose  not
even a double-jointed contortionist could finagle. She also sent a photo  of
herself in a black teddy.

"That's not quite what I had in mind," Pinson said. "I'm looking for  someone
with a little class."

Pinson can afford to be choosy.

The 33-year-old financial analyst is Cosmopolitan magazine's bachelor of  the
month for April.

Since the April issue hit the stands in mid-March, the 6-foot-6, 216-pound
Clearwater resident has been bombarded with responses.

"The phone hasn't stopped ringing," he said. He describes the calls as,  "some
interesting, some quite frightening."

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Michael Pinson

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 6, 1994 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HOW TO GET MORE GREEN BACK THREE TAX TIPS FOR REAL PEOPLE: DEDUCT, DEFER AND
AVOID

BYLINE: MARK SCHWANHAUSSER, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 933 words


If you're like millions of Americans, "tax planning" is an oxymoron. You don't
plan, you react. When tax season dawns, you scour your 1040 booklet, skim the
newspaper, load your tax software or scan a tax guide -- searching for
overlooked deductions that might leave a few extra dollars in your pocket.

Chances are you're thinking: What choice do I have? There aren't many tax
gambits left, and those are for the rich anyway. I don't know how to accelerate
deductions or postpone gains. I can't afford to give my money to charity. I'd be
crazy to stash it in my kids' names. What kind of tax planning can real people
do anyway?

Plenty.

Painlessly. Simply. Wisely.

Indeed, real people stand to benefit the most from the three best "loopholes" to
survive the 1986 tax overhaul: buying a house, funding a retirement account and
using a pretax flexible-spending plan for dependent care and health care. "Tax
planning in April means you finagle tax laws to save hundreds of dollars, not
thousands," said Mary L. Sprouse, a tax attorney and author of "The Money 1994
Income Tax Handbook." "If you can afford it, these are the (strategies) that
have the biggest dollar impact. You're talking about deductions worth thousands
of dollars."

And all of it is blessed -- and even subsidized -- by Uncle Sam.

The secret of these wealth-building strategies is to take advantage of hefty tax
deductions and the magic of pretax deductions. Buying a house chisels down your
tax liability because mortgage interest and property taxes are deductible.
Contributions to retirement accounts can bite into your taxable income, can grow
tax-deferred and often trigger matching contributions from your employer. And
flexible-spending plans divert income and put it to work for you before the
government takes a slice.

To demonstrate the power of these three forms of tax deduction, tax deferral and
tax avoidance, we asked tax pros to develop case studies for two hypothetical
dual-income couples with one child each. Both couples dream about a more
comfortable future, but despite earning $75,000 in wages between them, they
never seem to have much left over.

In one case, developed by Bill Kelleher, a partner in Price Waterhouse's San
Jose office, the couple is weighing whether to rent or buy. Currently living in
a $1,400-per-month apartment, they've got their eyes on a $210,000 starter
house. They've scraped together a 10 percent down payment and could qualify for
a 7 percent fixed-rate loan.

As renters, they can't benefit from itemizing because their deductions for
charity, auto registration fees and state and local taxes total less than the
$6,200 standard deduction.

As homeowners for a full year, however, they could deduct more than $20,000 in
mortgage interest, mortgage points, property taxes and other expenses on their
1040 form. Couple the federal and state tax savings, and their tax bill plunges
by a third, a savings of about $5,600.

In our second example, developed by Jeffrey Hecht, an enrolled agent who heads a
Fremont firm bearing his name, the couple already has plunged into home
ownership and now is eager to stash away money for retirement. But with $5,000
in child-care costs and $1,000 in medical expenses, they can scrape up only
$1,000 -- after taxes -- to invest in a mutual fund they've earmarked for
retirement.

As things stand, the couple owes more than $16,000 in state and federal taxes
(we assumed a combined effective tax rate of 34 percent). After accounting for
the $7,000 in child care, health bills and retirement savings, and their federal
deductions, they have $31,867 in spendable income to cover their other expenses.

How a 401(k) helps

Their picture improves, however, if they funnel $1,000 into a 401(k) account.
That pretax contribution triggers a $500 matching contribution. (In this
example, the company matches half of the employee contributions up to 6 percent
of pay -- a common reward in Silicon Valley.)

Over a year, they'd set aside $1,500 for retirement. And because the 401(k)
reduces their taxable income, the couple actually winds up with $360 extra in
spending money.

As astonishing as that may seem, you ain't seen nothing yet.

In our final example, the couple takes full advantage of the 401(k) matching and
the flexible-spending plan. To do so, they divert $4,500 of their pay into the
401(k), and the company kicks in $2,250. Then they deduct $6,000 before taxes
for their flexible-spending plans to cover the child care and medical bills.

'Would you turn down a raise?'

Their income falls sharply -- but so does their taxable income. In the end, the
couple still has about $400 extra in spending cash than they did under the
original plan. But the real bonus is piled in their 401(k), where they've
accumulated $6,750 for retirement in one year -- nearly six times more than they
could accumate by investing after-tax dollars.

And best of all, they can do it without changing their lifestyle or trimming a
thing from their budget.

Despite such proof, many Americans fail to take advantage of pretax plans. If
you're among them, consider the questions Hecht poses to his disbelieving
clients:

"The employer has put something down on the table, and you're basically saying
the company needs it more than you do. Would you turn down a raise of $2,250?
Obviously, no one would turn it down, so why are you doing it? . . . (And) are
you that interested in reducing the deficit that you'll give money to the
government?"

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE 1994 TAX GUIDE
See also related stories page 1E-8E
Additional information attached at the end of this article.

GRAPHIC: Drawing, Charts (2);
DRAWING: Reid Brown - Mercury News
940206 BU 1E 1; color
CHART: MERCURY NEWS
RENT OR BUY? THE TAX ANGLE
A married couple with one child wants to move from their $1,400-per-month rental
and buy a $210,000 starter home. The couple, which earns gross wages of $75,000,
stands to cut their state and federal tax bills 34 percent if they close escrow
in time to make 12 loan payments. Here are some of the key numbers from their
1040 forms:
...
Rent Buy
Income
Gross wages $75,000 $75,000
Interest, dividends(s1) 2,050 1,000
Total 77,050 76,000
Deductions
Charitable contributions 500 500
Auto registration fees 300 300
State, local taxes(s2) 3,528 2,224
Mortgage interest(s3) 0 13,169
Mortgage points 0 1,890
Property tax 0 2,415
Total 4,328 20,498
...
Taxable income 63,800(s4) 48,452
Federal tax 13,067 8,770
State tax 3,528 2,224
Total 16,595 10,994
(s1)Cash for down payment earns 5 percent annually
(s2)Couple prepays 100 percent of state tax
(s3)A 7 percent, 30-year-fixed loan for $189,000
(s4)Adjusted for standard deduction and personal exemptions
Source: Price Waterhouse
CHART:
MORTGAGE WINDFALL
The effective interest rate of a mortgage or home-equity loan drops
significantly when federal mortgage interest deductions are factored in. For
instance, a taxpayer in the 28 percent tax bracket effectively is paying 5.76
percent on an 8 percent mortgage -- and less after California taxes are factored
in.
Interest Marginal tax rate
rate 28% 31% 36% 39.6%
6.0% 4.32% 4.14% 3.84% 3.62%
7.0 5.04 4.83 4.48 4.23
8.0 5.76 5.52 5.12 4.83
9.0 6.48 6.21 5.76 5.44
10.0 7.20 6.90 6.40 6.04
11.0 7.92 7.59 7.04 6.64
12.0 8.64 8.28 7.68 7.25
Source: "The Money 1994 Income Tax Handbook"

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Salina Journal (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 5, 2011 Monday

POWER OUTAGES

BYLINE: Chris Hunter, The Salina Journal, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Dec. 05--They're furry, they're cute, they're acrobatic and athletic -- they're
Mother Nature's little power outages.

Those squirrels you see leaping from limb to limb and running along power lines
are doing more than just scampering from one place to another. They're also
causing power outages, lots of power outages, as they run along the lines and
finagle their way into electrical transformers.

"We see outages caused by squirrels quite often," said Dan Dejmal, Westar
Energy's manager of division operations. "We see them almost daily on our system
-- sometimes there are multiple outages a day. The squirrels are really running
and getting into our equipment right now."

According to Westar, which has more than 35,000 miles of electrical distribution
and transmission lines in Kansas, animals have caused 4,260 outages -- 15
percent -- of the company's more 27,700 outages in 2011. The company doesn't
track the cost of outages.

Salina alone has been hit with 106 animal-related outages in 2011 -- most
recently at 2 p.m. Wednesday near Second Street and Iron Avenue.

Gina Penzig, director of corporate communications for Westar, said the outage
lasted about 30 minutes and affected 10 residences.

"This time of the year, they (animals) are getting ready for winter and are
active," Penzig said.

Jeff Martin, Westar's director of reliability, said Westar attempts to "wildlife
proof" transformers by putting plastic barriers around them, but that doesn't
stop all animals.

"Squirrels are squirrels," Martin said. "If they want to get in there, they will
get in there."

He said the 106 incidents in Salina make up 11 percent of the city's outages.

An outage is only classified as an animal outage if a carcass is found. If not,
it is classified as having an unknown cause.

And with lines carrying from 7,000 to 34,000 volts, "Animals usually don't
survive," Dejmal said.

More than just squirrels

When it comes to animals and power outages, Martin said, squirrels are the main
culprits, but other animals wreak havoc on Westar's power system.

Dejmal said birds sitting on power lines can get shocked while preparing to take
flight because electricity will attempt to travel through them to get to the
ground. Then there's also snakes and raccoons getting into the equipment. If the
animal that dies is a protected species, such as a red-tailed hawk, Westar has
to perform an investigation, Martin said.

When trees are a problem

Westar has to contend with more than scurrying or slithering animals: Tree
branches and vegetation have caused more than 5,200 outages this year.

Martin said trees and other vegetation give animals easy access to power lines,
so Westar trims and removes trees.

"Trees are the roadways for the squirrels to get in our lines," Martin said.
"When we take their pathways away, we see a reduction in outages."

Fixing problems

When an outage does occur, Martin said, Westar tries to remedy the problem as
quickly as possible.

"The way our system is built, it is like a breaker system in a house," Martin
said. "If something happens on the line, it kicks the breaker. We have to go out
and refuse the line, which doesn't take long."

Martin said power outages are monitored by a program that tells when the power
goes out and how quickly it comes back on.

-- Reporter Chris Hunter can be reached at 822-1422 or by email at
chunter@salina.com

___ (c)2011 The Salina Journal (Salina, Kan.) Visit The Salina Journal (Salina,
Kan.) at www.saljournal.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111205-KS-HLT-POWER-OUTAGES-1205-20111205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KS


                       Copyright 2011 The Salina Journal


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  June 1, 2005 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FOOD WRITER DISHES ON SHARON STONE

BYLINE: CAROLYN JUNG, Mercury News

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 733 words


New York food writer Alan Richman has won a dozen James Beard Foundation awards
-- with good reason.

The longtime restaurant reviewer for GQ magazine writes with verve and humor.
His latest is no exception. "Fork It Over: The Intrepid Adventures of a
Professional Eater" (HarperCollins, 336 pp., $24.95) will have you salivating
and laughing out loud. Follow along as he searches for the best barbecue in
America, dines on the priciest sushi around, stumbles his way through a stint as
a New York sommelier, and finagles his way into a dinner date with actress
Sharon Stone.

He writes: "She ate every bite of every dish except the wild mushroom ravioli,
which incorporates calves' brain as a binder. Like all women, she has an
infallible knack for detecting the presence of invisible ingredients capable of
triggering culinary apprehensions. She said to me, 'Have you ever noticed that
at every long dinner, the fifth course, the one before the meat and potatoes, is
the icky-poo-poo course.' I could only agree. She was polite. I was mannerly.
The meal ended well. More important, I had come to understand her palate, which
is about all a man can hope to understand about a woman."

For an insider's guide on where to eat well in San Francisco, look no further
than "Patricia Unterman's San Francisco Food Lover's Guide" (Ten Speed Press,
576 pp., $18.95 paperback). This is the fourth edition of the popular guide by
the food writer and chef-owner of Hayes Street Grill in San Francisco.

Find the best cafes, markets and bakeries in North Beach, Noe Valley, Japantown
and other locales. There are also short chapters on finds in the East Bay, Marin
County and Wine Country. But alas, no mention of the South Bay.

Can't tell the difference between a dragon roll and a spider roll? Or Spanish
mackerel vs. horse mackerel? "Sushi: A Pocket Guide" (Chronicle Books, 79 pp.,
$8.95 paperback) comes to the rescue. The cute hand-size book showcases 50 types
of sushi. Each page features a color photo of the sushi, as well as the Japanese
character and the English translation.

For the voyeur in all of us, there's the goofy "Everything I Ate: A Year in the
Life of My Mouth" (Chronicle Books, 496 pp., $14.95 paperback). NewYork author
Tucker Shaw has chronicled -- through many, many digital color photos --
everything he nibbled every day for the entire year of 2004. And all of it is
shown in the book, from the Girl Scout cookies he ate at home at 10:49 p.m. Feb.
29 to the grilled rib-eye with dandelion leaves and roasted garlic he had at Il
Buco restaurant at 10:29 p.m. April 28 to the spit-roasted standing rib roast
with Yorkshire pudding he enjoyed at 6:45 p.m. Christmas Day at his father's
house. An intriguing take on eating habits? Or a man who has way too much time
on his hands? You decide.

HOTEL HAPPENINGS: Pets can eat four-star, room-service food at the Fairmont San
Jose, 170 S. Market St. Canine and feline guests can enjoy Sunnyvale's Barkaroo
Bakery treats such as banana biscotti ($10), bento boxes ($12) and peanut butter
lollipops ($4 each). All are made fresh daily without preservatives. Special
birthday cakes also can be ordered. The hotel, which introduced the treats last
month, started allowing cats and dogs -- under 20 pounds -- a year ago for an
additional fee of $25. For information, call (408) 998-1900.

Calling all foodies and oenophiles: Summer school begins this week at the
Ritz-Carlton Half Moon Bay, 1 Miramontes Point Road. The 5:30 to 7 p.m. Friday
classes, now through Aug. 26, are $50 each and open to both hotel guests and
members of the public. Classes include: "Refreshing Summer Cocktails" on June
24, "Riesling -- Not Just for Dessert" on July 22 and "Chocolate With a Kick" on
Aug. 26. For more information or to register for a class, call (650) 712-7696.

The Pleasanton Hotel, 855 Main St. in Pleasanton, invites you to be a guest
chef. Provide a favorite recipe, meet with Executive Chef Neil Marquis to plan a
dinner that includes that dish, and pick a weeknight to invite friends and
family to the hotel to taste it all. You'll assist in the initial preparation
but spend the rest of the night enjoying the company of your guests. Your dish
also will be featured on the hotel's dining room menu for the following month.
Call the chef at (925) 846-3764 to discuss price and details.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: MORE MORSELS

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: HARPERCOLLINS
GQ's longtime food writer, Alan Richman, has collected some of his essays in
"Fork It Over."

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 20, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

BASEBALL: For now, worth the wait

BYLINE: STEVE HUMMER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 11E

LENGTH: 646 words


As the Braves' pockets get deeper and their arms get shorter, they aren't likely
to be ordering out for high-priced help anytime soon. The days of throwing cash
at their shortcomings are over for this little non-core asset.

Yet, Saturday at Turner Field was almost like one of those splashy midseason
acquisitions that all the serious ballclubs finagle.

At least we can pretend for awhile.

To the rescue rode Paul Byrd, just 633 days since his last major league start,
and 550 days since the Braves signed him for a couple years at $10 mil. Some
blockbusters just take longer than others.

With the first Cleveland hitter he faced, Byrd was welcomed with an error behind
him. Welcome to the sieve, sir.

Actually, even sooner, he was introduced to this peculiar Braves season, when
his center fielder pulled up lame during batting practice. Uh, Paul, the Braves
lineup has grown somewhat softer since you've been away. Sorry.

It would improve.

Behind Byrd's efficient, no-nonsense seven innings --- how about only 27 balls
over 91 pitches --- the Braves beat the Indians 4-0 in 2 hours and 16 minutes
while leaving behind a three-game losing streak.

"Byrdsie's a craftsman," said manager Bobby Cox. Yes, Byrd is one of them again
--- he has his own Cox-approved nickname.

Byrd started it masterfully, rationing the Indians to four hits. Fellow Tommy
John-surgery benefactor John Smoltz finished it likewise. Now, if the Braves can
convince about four other pitchers to undergo major reconstructive elbow
surgery, they might have something going here.

"I just felt everybody was behind me. It inspired me," Byrd said.

Actually, he was the one doing the inspiring. A team badly in need of new life
will lean heavily on Byrd and his new elbow ligament. He is the designated
difference-maker now, by default.

Just come back from having your arm rewired and save a season, that's all we're
asking here.

Not that Byrd didn't have enough on him just getting to the mound Saturday
night.

"I don't mean this in the wrong way, but he's got no chance tonight," Smoltz was
saying beforehand. He is somewhat of an expert on this subject, having had his
own elbow opened and closed more than a MARTA bus door. "Whatever he's
anticipating, whatever he's thinking, nothing's going to prepare him for when he
tries to throw to the first batter in the first inning. The only thing you can
hope is that you can somehow find a way to keep your emotions in check."

And what about that first major league hitter in 21 months? "I took a deep
breath and said a prayer of thanks," Byrd said. "I don't pray about getting runs
or pitching well. I don't look at God as a genie. But I just wanted to say thank
you because some don't make it back from this.

"Now, I feel like I've got a lot of years left."

Considering all the churning that had to be going on inside of Byrd, that only
made his performance Saturday night more special. Byrd showed a kind of
competitive toughness, a narrowness of focus, that was uplifting.

You know, like the way they used to make Braves starters, back when they wagged
this dog.

On his cue, the Braves seemed to make over other aspects of themselves. They
lashed out nine hits and kept a constant pressure on the Indians. The leaky
defense solidified, interim center fielder J.D. Drew even making one running
catch that the injured Andruw Jones might have managed two belt notches ago.

Now come the disclaimers, the fine print at the end of the contract.

It was just a first outing, only a peek when the Braves require a long look. And
there undoubtedly will be ups and downs to Byrd's recovery. The verdict on his
resurrection as a Braves pitcher can't be handed down yet.

Still, at this moment, I just have one question left: Byrd's certainly well
rested. Any chance he can go again this afternoon?

steve@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Pitching in the majors for the first time in 633 days, Paul Byrd
impressed in his Braves debut. / GREGORY SMITH / Associated Press

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      May 9, 1992, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Ideal mom's skills run gamut from Andretti to Oprah

BYLINE: GEORGEA KOVANIS, KNIGHT-RIDDER

SECTION: LIFE TODAY; Pg. H9

LENGTH: 634 words


Here's what Margaret Phillips, veteran grasshopper brownie maker and mother to
three, says are some of the little secrets to being a good mom: "You've got to
be diplomatic but you can't let things go, either. Nonjudgmental. But then it's
kind of hard to be nonjudgmental and objective and subjective at the same time."

Oh, is that all?

We asked some regular folks, experienced moms and daughters and sons, to let us
in on more of the secrets to being a great mom. Then we asked them to help us
build a composite of an ideal mom, using bits and pieces of other people and
things. Here's what they included:

*Patience. The way Lisa Lawrence sees it, a mom has to be patient, too, says
Lawrence, a 35-year-old Detroit mother of three who spends the better part of
her day shuttling around her kids and their friends. The other night, her son's
friend called at 2:30 a.m. asking for a ride home. Rather than leave him
stranded, she pulled herself out of bed and hopped into the car.

*A racer's road skills. "She must know the city or know where she's going. You
know, to chauffeur," says Lawrence. Adds Tom Cunningham, 60, a Wayne County
Community College instructor from Ferndale, Mich.: She has to have "the untiring
driving ability of the Andrettis. All three of them."

*Ambition. "A mother has to have ambition not only for herself but also for her
family. You have to finagle and plead and cajole and bribe and a lot of times
instill in the children something more than just getting along," says Margaret
Phillips, 60, of Shelby Township, Mich.

*Oprah's warmth. Oprah hugs, squeezes, holds hands. She makes everyone feel at
home - in front of millions of television viewers. Lawrence says moms should
take a lesson from the talk-show diva. "I touch all the kids," she says. "I give
them a hug. They're not used to getting hugs."

*Anita Hill's courage. "A lot of times your child will do something that . . .
may not necessarily be right or wrong but shows taking a stand on something. It
could be in defending a friend who has been beset upon. It could be in defending
an adult or just defending a belief, religious or philosophical," Phillips says.

*Mother Teresa's commitment. "Somebody looks at her and says, 'Oh yes, there's a
person who believes deeply in what she's doing,' " says Karen Kierpaul, 38, a
Warren, Mich. mother of five.

*Claire Huxtable's wardrobe. "If I'm taking them to school," Lawrence says,
"they say, 'Ma, put a hat on your head because I don't want my friends to see
you with rollers in your hair.' This is in the morning when I have to drop them
off. It's more like my kids would dress me a certain way. They're not going to
let me look too old."

*Jane Fonda's figure. "I think that a mother has to present a good example as
far as eating and getting the right amount of sleep and exercise and not smoking
and that sort of thing," says Phillips. And Fonda "is in pretty good shape for
an older woman."

*Jane Fonda's plastic surgeon. Ha! Just kidding.

*Margaret Mead's curiosity. The anthropologist was a true adventurer; Phillips
says a mom definitely needs that quality. "I guess whenever your child calls or
comes in and says, 'Guess what?' you just have to be open to whatever they have
in their head or in their hot little hands which is sometimes alive."

*The Energizer rabbit's batteries. "Mom's got to keep going," says Cunningham,
who remembers his mother, Phyllis, now 90, as a dynamo who never took no for an
answer.

*Ted Koppel's composure. "It's pretty hard to rattle Ted Koppel," Cunningham
says.

So it's simple: A great mom is a combination of Oprah, a race car driver, Anita
Hill, Mother Teresa, Claire Huxtable, Jane Fonda, Margaret Mead, the Energizer
rabbit, and Ted Koppel.

And, most likely, your own mom.



LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday

GOP Shores Up Freshmen in Competitive Mich.

BYLINE: Shira Toeplitz

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 2494 words



Michigan Republicans held the pen during their map redraw that found one Member
of the Congressional delegation on the chopping block because the state is
losing a seat because of population decline.

As anticipated, the redistricting ax fell on Democratic Rep. Gary Peters' 9th
district, and he'll instead seek re-election in the 14th district.

The Wolverine State's GOP caused some chaos for Democrats but didn't get greedy
in its redraw - mostly because it couldn't. Republicans shored up the party's
three freshman Members.

But most of the state is competitive, so Republicans could only finagle so much
creative line-drawing for their nine Members. Even GOP Rep. Thaddeus McCotter's
11th district - the seat that benefited the most from this round of
redistricting - could still be competitive in a bad year for Republicans.

Republicans did the most damage around Detroit. They dismantled Peters' suburban
district, spreading it out into several nearby districts and forcing Peters to
run against a colleague. The GOP exchanged territory between the heavily
Democratic 13th and 14th districts, forcing two Democrats to run in districts
where they do not currently live.

Republicans won't pick up any seats in 2012 from redistricting, but they'll
probably manage to hold on to the seats they have.

1st district

Incumbent: Dan Benishek (R)

1st term (52 percent)

Rating: Leans Republican

Republicans tried to shore up the freshman's district, knowing Democrats would
target the seat that former Rep. Bart Stupak (D) easily held for the 18 years.

But Republicans managed to make this sprawling, coastal district only slightly
safer for Benishek. The GOP drew minor geographical changes to the district by
shifting it to the west. The district picked up Benzie, Grand Traverse,
Kalkaska, Leelanau and Manistee counties.

In other words, there will be more 1st district football fans rooting for the
Green Bay Packers than for the Detroit Lions by 2013. That's significant because
the biggest change to this district has nothing to do with geography - but
rather with television markets.

The current 1st spreads across six small media markets. That makes it a very
expensive district for campaigns to run in - especially for challengers with
minimal name identification. But the new 1st district no longer includes one of
its largest media markets, the city of Flint, slightly lowering the barrier to
entry.

For Democrats to have a shot, their candidate would preferably be a Packers fan
from the western part of the district with financial means. The 2010 Democratic
candidate, former state Rep. Gary McDowell, is trying again for the seat he lost
to Benishek by 11 points in November.

2nd district

Incumbent: Bill Huizenga (R)

1st term (65 percent)

Rating: Safe Republican

Republicans barely touched the partisan makeup of this district for the new map
- and for good reason. This western Michigan district reliably votes for
Republicans - so if a district ain't broke, don't fix it.

If anything, Huizenga might want to watch out for a potential primary challenge.
State Rep. Dave Agema (R) told Roll Call on Sept. 9 that he's looking at
challenging Huizenga and will be polling the race in the upcoming weeks.

But it's still going to be difficult for either a Democrat or a Republican to
topple Huizenga. The Congressman is well-known in this district from his tenure
in the state Senate and for working for his predecessor, former Rep. Pete
Hoekstra (R).

Huizenga gets a boost with Hoekstra on the statewide ticket. Hoekstra
represented the 2nd district for nine terms and, after leaving Congress last
year for a failed gubernatorial bid, is challenging Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D).

3rd district

Incumbent: Justin Amash (R)

1st term (60 percent)

Rating: Likely Republican

If redistricting is any indication, Amash doesn't have many friends left in
Lansing. Republicans made the freshman Member and former state Representative's
district more competitive in their redraw. He was the only Republican in the
Michigan delegation who received that treatment.

Republicans gripe that Amash hasn't been a team player on Capitol Hill and cite
his frequent "present" votes as proof. In his first several months in Congress,
Amash has presented himself as more libertarian than Republican.

Fortunately for Amash, he's got several things going in his favor. The freshman
is still tight with one of Michigan's most powerful GOP rainmakers, the DeVos
family. The Club for Growth's members will likely support him again, and not a
single Democratic candidate has blipped on the radar in the 3rd.

4th district

Incumbent: Dave Camp (R)

11th term (66 percent)

Rating: Likely Republican

GOP mapmakers made Camp's district more compact, shoring up Republicans
somewhat, just enough to make Camp sleep a little more soundly.

Camp has never won this seat with less than 60 percent of the vote. As chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee, fundraising for his re-election will be easy.
His role on the super committee can only amplify his financial intake.

Also, Michigan Democrats have a notoriously shallow bench in the 4th. Party
faithful were hard-pressed to name any potential 4th district candidates - let
alone a good one.

5th district

Open Seat

Rating: Likely Democratic

Rep. Dale Kildee's retirement makes this an open seat in 2012, and Democrats
will most likely keep it in their column. Republicans barely changed the
partisanship of this gritty, blue-collar district in eastern Michigan.

The new 5th district lost parts of Tuscola County to the 10th, but it picks up
northern Arenac, Bay and Iosco counties from the 1st district. The cities of
Flint and Saginaw remain the population centers.

Four local Democrats are seriously considering a bid: former Rep. Jim Barcia,
state Sen. John Gleason, Michigan Education Association organizer David Crimm
and Kildee's nephew, former Genesee County Treasurer Dan Kildee.

Barcia represented at least half of the new 5th during the 1990s, but that
rural, northern territory is also the least Democrat-friendly terrain in the
district. Crimm is well-known in the district because his father is the former
Speaker of the state House, but his personal political skills remain untested.

Gleason's state Senate district includes Flint - the district's Democratic base
- and he's also well-known. But Gleason must compete for votes in the Flint area
with Dan Kildee, who's also going to get a boost because of his name.

The Democratic victor will most likely also be the district's next Congressman.

6th district

Incumbent: Fred Upton (R)

13th term (62 percent)

Rating: Likely Republican

Upton was one of his delegation's leading voices on the new map, and he was a
team player by marginally redrawing his own southwest Michigan district to make
it slightly less competitive.

The new 6th district lost parts of Calhoun County, one of the more competitive
counties in central Michigan.

There is one announced Democratic candidate running against Upton: Iraq and
Afghanistan wars veteran John Waltz. In 2010, Waltz lost a House bid in Kentucky
against Rep. Geoff Davis (R) by 38 points - not exactly a promising sign for a
candidate, especially given that Upton has won with at least 58 percent of the
vote since he was elected in 1986. Waltz moved back to his home state this
summer.

Upton's influence is increasing on Capitol Hill with his dual roles as chairman
of the Energy and Commerce Committee and as a member of the super committee.

7th district

Incumbent: Tim Walberg (R)

2nd term (50 percent)

Rating: Leans Republican

Republicans did what they could to make this district safer. Walberg has had a
rocky run in Congress - he unsuccessfully ran in the primary for this seat in
2004 before defeating fellow Republican former Rep. Joe Schwarz in the primary
in 2006. Walberg lost his seat to Rep. Mark Schauer in 2008 but defeated the
Democrat to win a second term in 2010.

The new 7th district shed competitive Calhoun County. Not coincidentally, that
county is home to both Schauer and Schwarz.

Republicans say Walberg has learned from his eight years of competitive
campaigns. They point out that he's no longer dependent on the conservative,
cash-flush Club for Growth.

But Democrats argue this is still a competitive district, especially if they can
field a candidate from the newly added Monroe County. Longtime Rep. John Dingell
(D) boasts deep ties to Monroe County after representing it for three decades.
There's a path to victory there for a Democrat if Dingell or another top party
member can find someone to run.

8th district

Incumbent: Mike Rogers (R)

6th term (64 percent)

Rating: Likely Republican

The GOP did not change much about this slightly Republican district - probably
because it has a lot of faith in Rogers. The chairman of the Intelligence
Committee knows how to run a tough race, even though he has not had one since
his first term. Rogers won by a slim 100 votes in 2000, but he has glided by
with at least 55 percent in subsequent elections.

9th district

Incumbent: Sander Levin (D)

15th term (61 percent)

Rating: Likely Democratic

Republican mapmakers cannibalized this district, dividing the previous 9th
district into four different House districts around Detroit. But about 75
percent of Levin's current district went into the new 9th district, making it an
obvious choice for the top Democrat on the Ways and Means Committee to seek
re-election.

Rep. Gary Peters (D) held on to the current 9th district for the past two terms
and lives in the redrawn 9th district. Peters, a strong campaigner, is one of
only a few Democrats to survive re-election in a competitive district in the
Rust Belt in 2010.

So Levin dodged a bullet when Peters announced in September that he would not
seek re-election in this district. Many Democrats assumed the two would face off
in a Member-vs.-Member race.

As a result, Levin's prospects for a 16th term look good. The district includes
strong Democratic territory. But without a bruising Democratic primary to damage
Levin, Republicans will likely leave him alone.

10th district

Incumbent: Candice Miller (R)

5th term (72 percent)

Rating: Likely Republican

Miller was one of the lead mapmakers this cycle and didn't change much about her
district with good reason.

She has never won re-election with less than 63 percent of the vote in this
conservative, eastern Michigan district. But there are also geographical
limitations: Miller's district borders on Lake Huron, which means the only way
for the district to increase is to move east.

Miller kept 95 percent of her current district under the new map. She can hold
on to this district as long as she wants it.

11th district

Incumbent: Thaddeus McCotter (R)

5th term (59 percent)

Rating: Likely Republican

The mapmakers helped McCotter's district more than any other Republican. His
current district is competitive, and President Barack Obama won with 54 percent
in 2008. But McCotter has won re-election handily since his first campaign.

The 11th district kept about two-thirds of its current territory. The district
also picked up 230,000 people from Oakland County in the current 9th. But these
were mostly independent and right-leaning, suburban voters that will help
McCotter's cause.

Despite his enviable new district, sources said McCotter was not pleased with
the final result.

More importantly, McCotter has not committed to running for re-election in the
11th during his quixotic presidential campaign. McCotter declined to say whether
he would seek another term in an interview with Roll Call a few months ago.

While McCotter hits the presidential campaign trail, several local Republicans
have expressed interest in running for his seat. State Sen. Mike Kowall formally
announced a bid, and former state Rep. Rocky Raczkowski is also considering
running.

Democrats aren't touting any candidates for the 11th district yet, and it's more
likely they'll put their resources elsewhere. But in a strong year for
Democrats, a candidate could defeat McCotter or his successor for the GOP
nomination.

12th district

Incumbent: John Dingell (D)

28th term (57 percent)

Rating: Safe Democratic

Republicans made this district safer, swapping out the more conservative Monroe
County and adding more of the south Detroit population, including the city of
Dearborn.

Dingell hasn't always had it easy in redistricting. A decade ago, Republicans
drew a new map that forced Dingell and then-Rep. Lynn Rivers to face off in the
primary. Dingell defeated Rivers in one of the most epic Member-vs.-Member races
of the decade.

By drawing the map even safer for Dingell, Republicans conceded the seat. It's
highly unlikely the GOP will target this seat anytime in the next decade.

13th district

Incumbent: John Conyers (D)

24th term (77 percent)

Rating: Safe Democratic

The winner of the Democratic primary in this downtown Detroit district will be
its next Member of Congress.

Still, Republicans made their mark in the 13th district, swapping territory
between the 13th and 14th districts. The result isn't pretty. The 13th and 14th
zigzag through downtown Detroit, fitting together like horizontal puzzle pieces.

Conyers represents and lives in the new 14th district, but more of his current
district lies in the new 13th district. He has not yet announced where he'll
seek re-election, but Members of the delegation expect him to run in the 13th.

At least one local Democrat - state Sen. Bert Johnson - announced he will
challenge Conyers. He probably won't be the only one. Many local Democrats have
waited their turn to run for one of these downtown Detroit seats.

If the Democratic field is small, one of those candidates has good shot to
defeat Conyers. He's representing a lot of new territory in the new 13th, and he
continues to catch flak for his wife's incarceration from a bribery conviction.

14th district

Incumbent: Hansen Clarke (D)

1st term (79 percent)

Rating: Safe Democratic

This is another safe district for Democrats, but there's no shortage of
political drama in the primary.

Clarke lives in the redrawn 13th district, but more of his Congressional
territory lies in the 14th district. He announced on his Facebook page in
mid-August that he would seek re-election there instead.

But Clarke wasn't the only one with this idea. After his district got the ax,
Rep. Gary Peters announced that he also would seek re-election in the 14th. The
result will be one of the most fascinating Member-vs.-Member contests of the
cycle.

Clarke has a geographical advantage because he's represented more of the
district, but Peters is a dogged campaigner and one of the party's best
fundraisers.

This is also one of the most racially and economically diverse districts in the
country. The new 14th district stretches from wealthy Grosse Pointe on the
lakeshore through blighted downtown Detroit and north to the blue-collar city of
Pontiac. The district is also a majority-minority district: Almost 59 percent of
its residents are African-American. Clarke is of mixed race, with a father of
Bangladeshi descent and an African-American mother.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Roll Call, Inc.


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Road trips are all about cramming as much as possible into 10 days

BYLINE: Jeff Melnychuk, ShiftWeekly

SECTION: DRIVING; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 492 words


Back in the spring, I wrote an editorial about taking more road trips, stopping
the over-planning and enjoying the people and places that drop onto your lap
along the way. You know, take that off-ramp and see what happens. Stop at that
shop on the corner and meet some new folks. That kind of thing.

As if to prove the point, right after completing the column I picked up a car in
San Francisco for a road trip to Los Angeles. Normally, it takes the better part
of a day of straight driving to get there, but on this trip I managed to finagle
10 days to do it, which would mean way more time out of the car than in it.

Who would I meet? What kind of mischief was waiting for me out there? There was
one minor oversight, however. To do some of these things, you need to actually
get out of the car every once in a while. You see, my road-trip car was a
$200,000 Porsche Panamera Turbo S and getting out and doing all that
meet-new-people, do-local-things stuff seemed rather secondary to just driving a
car I might never be in again.

So, rather than taking 10 days to meander my way to L.A. down the Pacific Coast
highway, I decided to simply add kilometres to get more seat time in the
Panamera. Not a few kilometres here and there, either. Like, San Fran to L.A.
via Napa Valley, Yosemite Park, Death Valley, the Grand Canyon and Las Vegas.
What might have been a 1,000-km stopand-go trip turned into a 3,000-kilometre
mostly-go trip with stops late in the day to bed down.

Of course there was still playtime. The tour of Chateau Montelena Winery in Napa
- from the movie Bottle Shock - was one of many wine-shop stops that were made.
There are few places like this where you feel bathed in the scenery. "The
Panamera looks amazing against the vineyards, doesn't it?"

A morning hike up some terrifying rock faces in the hip little Arizona town of
Sedona was also one of those playtimes. Standing on top of the red spires, the
view was incredible. "Hey, look I can see the Panamera in the parking lot!"

The drive through California's Death Valley should be on everyone's bucket list.
Honestly. The Panamera's 550 horsepower made short work of the asphalt strung
through the Martian landscape. A little foot hike out onto the salt flats really
gives you a sense of perspective out here. It's 35 C, you're 80 metres below sea
level and it's so flat you can watch your dog run away for three days. An
amazing view. "Hey, look, I can see the Panamera in the parking lot from here!"

While getting out from time to time is one thing, there was no place I would
rather be when stuck in a traffic jam in the middle of nowhere, 150 kilometres
from L.A., than in the rich, climate controlled cabin of the Panamera. Chocolate
brown leather, wood inlays and plenty of buttons to keep your fingers busy.

The lesson learned is that if the road-trip car is great, you'll want to add
some road. And without the Panamera, I just would have never crammed as much
living into 10 days.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Taking a Porsche Panamera on a road trip from San Francisco to Los
Angeles provides for many twists and turns.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                    February 10, 2005 Thursday FINAL EDITION

LETTERS FROM OUR READERS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 896 words


Make Social Security tax cap more fair

George Bush claims Social Security is in trouble and wants to fix it by allowing
people to put part of it into the stock market.

Does anyone remember what happened to the stock market in 2000? I do, I lost a
bunch. This ridiculous scheme would only benefit Bush's Wall Street buddies.

I am a senior and rely on Social Security. If we changed Social Security taxes
to a more fair level, it would solve the whole problem.

Presently, Bush and his millionaire buddies don't pay any Social Security taxes
on income over $90,000, less than one-fourth of Bush's reported income.

Of course, he doesn't need Social Security to live on, so why should he care? If
Social Security needs fixing, let's find a solution that fixes it, not finagles
it.

Bob Lastiri

Concord

Negligent drivers

I commute daily on my motorcycle to work, which requires a lot of concentration
and awareness. I have noticed, especially within the past few years, the
increase in negligence among four-wheeled drivers.

Almost every day I encounter someone reading, talking on the phone, applying
makeup, and dare I say, watching TV while driving.

Although not everyone is guilty, most of you are. I try to do my part for
society by riding a low-polluting motorcycle, but in doing so, I don't have the
protection a car or sport utility vehicle does.

I know we live in a fast-paced era, and driving the same route every day may not
be the most exciting thing to do, but that doesn't allow you to not perform
basic highway safety actions like signaling, looking before switching lanes and
paying attention.

So please, East Bay motorists, I do my part in reducing pollutant levels for the
sake of your children's future; please do your part in paying attention for the
sake of my future.

Ryan McGuire

Walnut Creek

Ineffective agency

The Times reported that the state may suffer electric supply shortages this
summer. Additionally, the Times has reported that the state budget is a mess and
spending cuts are required.

The California Energy Commission's mission statement is: "to assess, advocate
and act through public and private partnerships, to improve energy systems that
promote a strong economy and healthy environment."

If the state has energy shortages, clearly the Energy Commission is not doing
its job. The commission's 2005-2006 budget is over $350 million.

Maybe it's time to terminate an ineffective agency and save significant amounts
of public money. Hmmm ... maybe this budget balancing stuff is not so difficult.

Greg Mulligan

Lafayette

Build library

Once again Theresa Harrington has proved herself an outstanding reporter. This
time the result of her efforts comes in the form of a "Monday Profile."

The ridges that ring our city were preserved not so much because of the efforts
of the residents of Walnut Creek but because of the efforts of a small group of
city and county residents who viscerally committed themselves to the proposition
that when it comes to land development there are times when "enough's enough."

During the early 1970s, Audrey Bramhall was one such person. There were others,
but I believe she's most entitled to stand on the top step.

We may be at a similar crossroads today. This time the opportunity is presented
by the need for a new, well-staffed and thought-out library. As with the open
space, our library serves both the city and county residents. Is there any
reason why an R8-like taxing district, used over the past 30 years as an open
space financial solution, can't serve as our model?

Why not form a Lafayette-like consortium?

Gary Ginder

Walnut Creek

Boxer right on Rice

I was saddened by D.L. Damon's letter (Jan. 25) regarding Sen. Barbara Boxer.

He objects to Boxer's calling Condoleezza Rice a liar, regarding Rice's
assurances there was firm evidence Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.

Many of us believe Boxer's accusation's accurate and applaud her courage. It's
depressing Sen. Dianne Feinstein has revealed her lack of political courage.

As to name-calling, Damon has no problem insinuating Boxer's a racist. Damon
goes on to link the homosexual marriage debate to Boxer's criticism of Rice's
erroneous WMD statements.

Would Damon please include the evidence of Boxer's racism and enlighten us on
how homosexual marriage is related to Iraq's nonexistent WMD?

Joan Treiman Cohn

El Cerrito

Partisan politics

Barbara Boxer is an embarrassment to those of us who consider ourselves
Americans first, Californians second and Democrats or Republicans third.

Boxer's protest of "voting irregularities" in Ohio and her protests of
Condoleezza Rice's appointment to secretary of state were nothing but blatant
partisan politics.

Thankfully, we he have one reasonable and rational U.S. senator with Dianne
Feinstein, who does what she believes is right, not what is good politics.

Boxer's politics are far better suited to the House of Representatives. It is
unfortunate she was promoted to her level of incompetency in the U.S. Senate.

Charles Pratto

Pinole

Hardly responsible

I heard President Bush's characterization of his 2006 Fiscal Year budget as
"fiscally responsible."

To hear that from the mouth of the most fiscally irresponsible president in our
history would be funny if it weren't so tragic.

Hans L. Guterman

Concord

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 10, 2000, Sunday

TODAY FLORIDA, TOMORROW?

BYLINE: BY DEBORAH MITCHELL

SECTION: GOSSIP; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1127 words

One thing to look forward to in the event of a George W. Bush administration:
Katherine Harris' inevitable makeover.

Some say that Florida's secretary of state wants to be U.S. ambassador to
France. But I've learned that the job she covets is that of White House special
envoy to the Americas - a position that does not require congressional approval.

Harris even tried to finagle an invitation to the recent inauguration of Mexican
President Vicente Fox, one source insists. Madeleine Albright was there, along
with Fidel Castro, California Gov. Gray Davis and the current White House envoy
to the Americas, Buddy McKay.

Harris never made it to Fox' inauguration. But she does get a surprising
endorsement from McKay, a Democrat.

"I know Katherine well, and I respect her very much," he says, adding that in
her role as secretary of state, she has made "a major effort" in Latin and
Central America.

WIEST GOES COURTIN'

Playing a district attorney on TV did not help Dianne Wiest when she got picked
for jury duty.

The Oscar-nominated actress, who took over the prosecutor's role on "Law and
Order" this season, was chosen a few weeks ago to decide the fate of accused
rapist Darryl Bolden. Every day after court, she had to rush back to shoot her
scenes.

One day she didn't show up, causing everyone on the set to worry. It turned out
that Wiest and the jurors, having received the case, had been sequestered by the
judge. After four days and three nights, the jury convicted Bolden (he got 24
years).

RUDIN'S RUDEST RUDY

Some think real estate mogul Lew Rudin should be angry at rude Mayor Rudy. Rudin
bumped Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik from the speaker's slot when Giuliani
said he wanted to address Rudin's Association for a Better New York the other
day. When Giuliani showed up, he refused to sit at the head table with Rudin and
former Mayors Ed Koch and David Dinkins.

Instead, Rudy stood in the wings until he was introduced. He spoke, took
questions - then hightailed it back to City Hall, where he scooped his ABNY
speech by giving a press conference attacking the Board of Education.

"Mr. Nasty's back at Gracie," groused an ABNY member.

But Rudin wouldn't own up to any emotion at all, referring questions to City
Hall. The mayor's spokeswoman said Rudy couldn't sit with his predecessors
because of "a tight schedule."

LOPEZ CAN'T GET CALLERS You wouldn't think anyone would mind calling Jennifer
Lopez. But put lawyers into the equation, and the normal rules no longer apply.

Turns out that neither the prosecutor's office nor the defense attorneys want to
be first to question the curvaceous cutie when Sean (Puffy) Combs goes on trial
on gun and bribery charges next month, according to a courthouse source.

Both prosecutor Matthew Bogdanus and Combs' defense attorney Benjamin Brafman
want to cross-examine Lopez, this source continues, because it gives them more
of a chance to ask probing questions. The lawyer who first calls a witness to
the stand normally acts like a friendly coach, not an aggressive inquisitor.

Neither lawyer would comment on their strategy, although Brafman did say that
Lopez "is 100% supportive of Mr. Combs."

Let's see if she tells it to the judge.   THE HEIDI SOAP CHRONICLES Not every
model struts through Hollywood, getting by on lipstick and cue cards.
Model-turned-thespian Heidi Klum faced a tough live audience recently when she
took a role on NBC's new sitcom "Cursed."

Okay, so maybe playing a pretty girl at a bar wasn't really a stretch for Klum.
Still, she got a "huge reaction" from the live audience, according to one studio
spy.

Screen vet Charlton Heston didn't face the crowd. The Oscar-winner is in the
same episode, which airs next Thursday, but he missed his chance to work with
the gorgeous Klum.

Instead, the shy star taped his scenes the day before on a closed set, reports
the spy.

A studio flack explains that "scheduling problems" were behind Heston's special
treatment.   KEEPING UP APPEARANCES Just because he might be down to his last
million is no reason for Shelby Bryan to give up the high life.

Bryan, the boyfriend of Vogue editor Anna Wintour, had a grand pheasant-shooting
weekend in England earlier this month.

Bryan, whose ICG Communications is reportedly in trouble, rented out the
super-exclusive Badminton House (where the game was invented), as he has for the
last several years (although this is the first time it was covered by British
gossip Nigel Dempster).

Word is, it costs around $150,000 or so for a weekend. For that, you get Prince
Charles as a neighbor (His Highgrove is literally next door). Wintour and the
Duke and Duchess of Beauford (who own Badminton House) were Bryan's guests.

Maybe he isn't as broke as they say.DEEP INSIDEWITH TWO YOU GET EGG ROLL: Tina
Brown got down to specifics when she met with Hillary Rodham Clinton at the
White House recently. Amid a procession of New York publishers eager to sign the
First Lady's memoir, Brown evidently tried to stand out by promising a top-notch
editor to help shape the manuscript for Talk's book imprint: Her husband, Harry
Evans. Neither Brown nor Clinton's agent, Bob Barnett, would comment.

KLEIN'S QUEST: Joe Klein, the "Primary Colors" author, isn't turning his
year-long sabbatical from The New Yorker into a spiritual journey. He trekked to
India, and he's taking a course on "Judaism in the Time of Jesus" at Columbia.
But it's all part of his intellectual odyssey, Klein explains: "I've been on a
Russia jag, a China jag, and now I'm on this jag. It's no different than any of
the others."

BUILDING UNION TRAFFIC: A few faces in Steven Soderbergh's thriller "Traffic"
(which hits local theaters Dec. 27) will be more familiar to news junkies than
to movie fans. Sens. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) have
walk-ons in a party scene, along with former Massachusetts Gov. William Weld,
drug-policy lecturer Ethan Nadelmann and journalist J.D. Podolsky. The Screen
Actors Guild had no problem with the politicos. But the union is threatening
producers with fines ($500 in each case) for using Nadelmann and Podolsky
instead of union actors. According to SAG, Podolsky and Nadelmann are not
well-known enough to play themselves.

WHITEOUT: How to pay for a painting twice (and wind up with a bare wall): Gordon
and Ann Getty commissioned a $327,000 mural for their San Francisco mansion.
When muralist Garth Benton learned that his work was painted white during a
subsequent renovation, he sued, citing an obscure California law that protects
art. The embarrassed Gettys just settled the case for a "sizable" amount under
$500,000, reports the San Francisco Chronicle.E-mail:
DMitchell@edit.nydailynews.com


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RICHARD CORKERY DAILY NEWS Heidi Klum   AP Katherine Harris LARRY
ZUMWALT Lew Rudin RICHARD CORKERY DAILY NEWS Jennifer Lopez RICHARD CORKERY
DAILY NEWS Shelby Bryan and Anna Wintour AP Tina Brown & Harold Evans

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

2 zeroed in on 3M: lawsuit

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse

SECTION: ; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 191 words


Sandpaper king 3M is suiing a professional investor and a well-known public
relations manager, accusing them of staging a strange defamation and extortion
campaign that included threatening to interfere with the knighthood of 3M's CEO
by the queen of England.

UK investment professional Harvey Boulter and public relations honcho Lanny
Davis have been sued by the manufacturing giant in New York federal court. Davis
served as special counsel to former President Clinton.

The complaint accuses the duo of trying to shake down 3M for money following its
decision to drop a product that detects bacteria causing deadly staph
infections.

The move to drop the product angered Boutler and other investors of the company
that sold the product to Saint Paul, Minn.-based 3M because they were promised a
portion of net sales, according to the suit.

In an effort to finagle a settlement, Boulter also allegedly e-mailed 3M's
counsel in June, referencing a meeting with the British Minister of Defense in
what seemed like a pressure tactic to embarrass the company and put in doubt the
planned knighthood of 3M Chief Executive George Buckley.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 17, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Getting players' stories requires a game plan

BYLINE: Michael Hiestand

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 204 words


Last season ABC/ESPN's Bonnie Bernstein worked NFL sidelines for CBS, which
since has dropped sideline reporters on coverage of America's most
self-important league.

That doesn't mean Bernstein can't still work Games That Will Live Forever.
Saturday, it's the latest game-of-the-century: Michigan-Ohio State.

In terms of preparation, she says, the pro and college games are "very
different." In the NFL, TV crews meet with coaches and star players. But in
college the routine is to meet only with coaches -- meaning "there's much
greater responsibility" for sideline reporters to figure out what's going on
with players. Although "the game itself" is most important on NFL coverage,
reporting "stories" is a bigger deal with colleges.

The college sidelines can get crowded. "I can even imagine what it will be like
on Saturday, probably two rows of sardine cans," Bernstein says. "I'll spend
half the game trying to finagle my way up front."

Good luck. Consider the passion of ABC/ESPN's Kirk Herbstreit, who'll work
Saturday's action. He dreamed about playing in one of the rivalry games. Growing
up, the former Ohio State quarterback says he would "go to bed praying to hold
off on nuclear bombs until I got a chance to play."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, ESPN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

One out of 24 Our view o Blagojevich: Convict him or acquit him, but don't let
him skate. OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: 0


With Tuesday's non-verdict by a 95.8 percent hung jury, former Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich assured himself of a unique place in the annals of political
scandal.

From here on out, whenever the discussion turns to political operators, the name
"Blagojevich" will be mispronounced in awe. Here's the guy who was caught on 500
hours of tape, trying to finagle all sorts of political deals for himself and
his career.

Here's a guy who spoke of selling a U.S. Senate seat being vacated by the
president-elect of the United States.

Here's a guy whose own aides testified he'd turned the governor's office into a
Persian bazaar.

Here's a guy whose sheer brazenness was translated as stupidity and used as an
excuse by defense attorney Sam Adam Jr: "As much as I like him, and as much as
he's loved around the world, this is a man who considered appointing Oprah
Winfrey (to the U.S. Senate).... No one's going to say he's the sharpest knife
in the drawer, but he's not corrupt."

And for all that, Blagojevich walked out of a federal courtroom in Chicago on
Tuesday afternoon convicted on only one of 24 counts that the government brought
against him: Lying to a federal agent.

"Nebulous," Blagojevich called the charge. Maybe, but it's a felony and could
get him as many as five years in a not-so-nebulous prison.

Yes, the government said it would retry him. No, the jury did not acquit him.
Yes, Blagojevich is now a convicted felon. He was impeached and removed from
office, so he can't run again for office in Illinois. He is, by his own
accounts, deeply in debt. What he'll do to make a living or pay his lawyers is
anyone's guess.

But as of today, the man is a legend. He took "politics as usual" to depths
rarely seen before. Because at least some jurors apparently were confused by the
law, he gets a second chance.

What should the public make of this? Does it slice the law too fine to insist
that merely acting and talking corrupt is not enough?

Blagojevich's predecessor, George Ryan, sits in federal prison because he not
only solicited cash, gifts and loans, he took them. Blagojevich talked big, but
as Mr. Adam, his lawyer, said during the trial, "He's broke, man, BROKE! When I
say broke, I mean BROKE!"

From the beginning, it was apparent that U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald knew
this lack of quid pro quo was going to be a problem. He went public with his
case against Blagojevich in December 2008, before he wanted to.

He said that the audacious talk about selling the appointment to President-elect
Barack Obama's Senate seat ("It's bleeping golden!") had forced his hand.

In a new trial, Mr. Fitzgerald and his team will have the advantage of knowing
the defense's strategy. They may seek to simplify their case, particularly the
complicated conspiracy counts about which the jurors expressed confusion.

A second trial could cost as much as $25 to $30 million. The public trust
demands it be paid. This non-verdict is not justice. It is insulting.

The law may be difficult and grind exceedingly fine. Rod Blagojevich may be as
dumb and silly as his attorney says. But he must either be acquitted or
convicted, not allowed to skate. He did that for too long.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Blagojevich

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         School Library Journal Reviews

                                February 1, 2011

Trapped

BYLINE: Joel Shoemaker

SECTION: THE BOOK REVIEW; Grades 5-up; Pg. 116 Vol. 57 No. 2

LENGTH: 266 words


NORTHROP, Michael. Trapped. 232p. Scholastic. Feb. 2011. Tr $17.99. ISBN
978-0-545-21012-6. LC number unavailable.

Gr 7-10--High school sophomore Scotty Weem's narration reveals immediately that
he survives southern New England's worst nor'easter ever recorded, but also that
others in his group will die. The chilling story begins innocently enough as the
snow starts to fall early in the day. When an early dismissal is announced,
Scotty and his friends Pete and Jason finagle their way into the shop to work on
Jason's project, a go-kart, until their rides come. But they soon find
themselves stranded in their rural high school building with five others: pretty
Krista and her friend, Julie; thuggish Les; weird Elijah; and one gruff teacher.
Their cell phones don't work. Their rides don't show up. The teacher goes for
help and never returns. The power goes off. As hours, then days, pass, the water
stops, the heat goes off, and they get increasingly hungry, cold, and scared.
Readers might speculate about what they should have done, could have done, if
stuck in their place, but the author does an admirable job of keeping the tone
and plot appropriately sophomoric, i.e., they don't always do the right thing,
but do the best they can with knowledge and skills even they recognize are
inadequate. The climax is propelled as much by the teens' interpersonal
conflicts as by Jason's improbable deus ex machina from the shop. Teens should
enjoy reading this survival story with their feet up in front of a toasty
fire.--Joel Shoemaker, formerly at South East Junior High School, Iowa City, IA

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2011 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

NO STRETCH TO SAY RUN GAME IS A CUT ABOVE;
KEY MATCHUP: ILB LAWRENCE TIMMONS VS. RB ARIAN FOSTER

BYLINE: Gerry Dulac, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; KEY MATCHUP; Pg. E-2

LENGTH: 520 words


When the Steelers 3-4 defense was constructed by Bill Cowher and three
assistants who would go on to become NFL head coaches -- Dom Capers, Marvin
Lewis and current defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau -- the basic tenet of their
scheme was to allow players to run to the football.

And while the Steelers have boasted some of the top run defenses in the league
since 1992, there is one play above all others that historically has given them
fits:

The stretch.

It is the signature play of teams that use outside zone blocking schemes and
features a running back with patience, vision and the ability to cut back
through gaps in the defense.

The Houston Texans run the play to perfection with Arian Foster, who has
averaged an AFC-best 91.7 yards rushing per game since 2010. Foster is the
second-leading rusher in the AFC with 513 yards, 29 behind Le'Veon Bell (542).

"He does a great job reading his blocks," said inside linebacker Lawrence
Timmons, who leads the Steelers with 60 tackles. "He's very similar to Bell in
the way he finagles his way past tacklers."

The stretch is a running play that does just that -- stretches the defense
rather than attack it. It is designed to look like a perimeter play and get the
defense flowing toward the sideline.

But as the flow extends to the boundary, the defense is stretched like a Slinky,
creating gaps through which the running back can cut. Sometimes it will stretch
the defense so wide that a running back can cut to the backside after the wash
of defenders has overrun the play -- which is what Foster did to the Steelers on
a 42-yard touchdown run in 2011 in Houston.

"The stretch is a problem for any team really because all you're doing is you're
trying to get guys to go sideways and once you get there, they're allowed to
high and low block you," outside linebacker James Harrison said. "They're
basically looking for a gap that way or just getting your linebackers to
overflow and look for a gap that way."

The Cleveland Browns used a lot of wide-zone schemes when they rushed for 191
and 158 yards in two games against the Steelers. Ben Tate, who was Foster's
backup in Houston, had 78 yards and two touchdowns in last week's 31-10 victory
against the Steelers.

The stretch play presents two inherent problems for the defense:

* It prohibits players from getting their shoulders square to the ball because
they're running sideways, making it harder to react to a cutback. That is a
particular problem for the Steelers because they play a two-gap style in which
the players have their shoulders square to the line of scrimmage to read and
react to the run.

* Because the linemen are running sideways, they are more susceptible to cut
blocks and being chopped off their feet.

"Everybody has to get his gap and they've got to keep up on their feet; they
can't get cut," LeBeau said. "They do a good job of stretching the backside and
offensive linemen go down low and they cut. If one of our guys go down, that's
what the stretch implies. They just look for a gap and then they take it north
and south. If there's no gap, there's no play. They just keep bouncing to the
sideline."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NFL XTRA/ Gerry Dulac: gdulac@post-gazette.com; twitter: @gerrydulac /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 13, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

REMOVE HELMETS, DON DUNCE CAPS

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 774 words


Just what should we call this dunce cap of "student" athletes? Toads Scholars?

Because 61 Florida State University jocks, who have suggested by their actions
they must be dumber than a sack of banjos, decided to cheat on what amounted to
Early Basket-Weaving, they have now held up their school as an institution of
higher grifting.

In recent days the NCAA has imposed some properly draconian sanctions on the FSU
athletic program following disclosures that the 61 dolts across a multitude of
sports - football, men's and woman's basketball, baseball, softball, track,
swimming and golf - cheated on various exams, most notably a course titled Music
in World Cultures.

Barring a successful appeal of the NCAA's punishment, which also includes
probation, it's probable the FSU Fighting Cribbers will have to vacate at least
all seven wins from the 2007 gridiron season, which means head coach Bobby
Bowden, the Sgt. Schultz of Tallahassee, will now have to remain on the
sidelines until he is 127 years old in order to surpass his longtime nemesis,
Penn State's Joe Paterno, for career wins.

At least Bowden can take some cold comfort in the knowledge that his players
hold the collegiate record for the most number of bail bondsmen on speed dial.

They had to finagle a course in Music in World Cultures? Good grief. Wouldn't
this be like trying to fudge the tests for Introduction to Having a Pulse?

Here is the FSU official course description: "This course provides an
introductory survey of traditions and transformations of music in global
perspective, exploring music both as a phenomenon of sound and a phenomenon of
culture. The focus of the course is not traditional music per se, but is rather
musics of tradition, with tradition understood as a process of transformation
whose most remarkable feature is the continuity it nurtures and sustains. Within
this framework, we will explore everything from folk and classical genres to
contemporary styles of world beat, jazz, popular and experimental musics."

Or in more nonacademic language, everybody would listen to music, discuss its
cultural traditions and take a few tests. It wasn't as if these sports "heroes"
were expected to take a class in chemical engineering taught in ancient Greek.
This was "Duh 101."

Adding insult to insanity, these products of "Mr. Chips Meets Charles Ponzi"
were aided and abetted in their classroom three-card monte scam by several
employees from the school's dubiously named Athletics Academic Support Services
office, which is otherwise known as If You Barely Know You're Alive But Can Do A
4.5 40-Yard Dash, We're Here To Help.

According to the NCAA investigation, athletic department employees provided
answers to quizzes (What was Frank Sinatra's first name, perhaps?) as well as
writing papers for the "students."

Indeed, one of the department culprits was referred to as a "rogue" tutor by FSU
president T.K. Wetherell, who reacted in horror that something might be amiss
with the university's sports program much the same way Al Capone would have been
scandalized by the very notion of bathtub gin.

Wetherell's phony Anne of Avonlea fretting notwithstanding, both he and the
eternally posing-for-holy-pictures Bowden have overseen a football program for
years that has been more scruples-challenged than an Afghan warlord.

There's been an awful lot of hand-wringing about what impact the transgressions
of the FSU Fighting Flimflammers will have on the school's won-loss records and
the final tally of victories Bowden will accrue in his chase of Paterno. In two
words - Who cares?

Are these victories really all that important, especially if they were achieved
using players with whom you wouldn't leave your bar change unattended if you
found yourself sitting next to them in a saloon?

And if Bobby Bowden was such an inspirational figure, why would his players be
so blithely willing to embarrass him, their school, their team, themselves?

In the end, Bowden and his besmirched legacy are irrelevant. FSU can prop up an
embalmed Bowden on the sidelines for the next 25 years and it will still do
nothing to dilute the sad fact that despite his winning percentage, when it came
to character many of his players were wide, wide, wide right.

If anyone has a legitimate beef to feel betrayed, it is FSU safety standout
Myron Rolle, who did everything right - went to class, hit the books, took the
tests (on his own) and graduated with dignity as a Rhodes Scholar to study
medical anthropology, only to be associated with an athletic program tainted by
- cheaters.

Rolle could certainly have been excused if after every game he had spent extra
time in the showers.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Getty Images: FSU football coach Bowden is chasing a record for
wins.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 26, 1997, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MOSLEY'S NEWEST IS ALSO OLDEST;
NOVEL INTRODUCES EASY AS A TEEN

BYLINE: Reviewed by Andrea M. Wren

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. 05C

LENGTH: 841 words


ALTHOUGH WALTER MOSLEY has published six Easy Rawlins mysteries, his latest is,
chronologically, the first in the series.

Inspired by QBR, The Black Book Review publisher Max Rodriguez, who suggested
that major black authors support black publishers, Mosley, gave the previously
unpublished "Gone Fishin' " to Black Classic Press, declined an advance and,
according to Publishers Weekly, gave Black Classic Press the rights to
paperback, audio and international rights as well. (All of his other books in
the popular Rawlins series have been published by W.W. Norton.)

Mosely's latest work is set in 1939 and Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins is motherless,
fatherless, 19 and his best friend, Raymond "Mouse" Alexander, is in a sour
mood. Mouse is about to marry EttaMae Harris, but is in a blue-funk because of
his lack of funds. Normally a well-dressed man, Mouse has let his fashion sense
fall by the wayside.

One night, Easy is startled by a zealous door-knocker. When Easy opens the door
he realizes Mouse's outlook has changed - he's now wearing a zoot suit, silk hat
and a tooth newly trimmed in gold.

Mouse's new attitude and late-night call is about his plan to secure money from
his stepfather, Reese Corn in Pariah, Texas.

Mouse finagles a car, even though he doesn't know how to drive, so he needs Easy
for this roadtrip from Houston to Pariah. Two hours into the journey, they spot
two hitchhikers, Ernestine and Clifton, who will become part of Mouse's
machinations. The quartet arrive in Pariah, where everyone but Mouse will stay
at the home of Momma Jo. Mouse describes Momma Jo as a witch, but Easy claims to
be a nonbeliever in that "voodoo stuff." He reasses the situation when he comes
face-to-face with her:

"When she strode toward us I noticed the cudgel in her broad fist. For the first
time in my life I felt the roots of my hair tingle. She came to within three
strides of us and pushed her handsome face forward like something wild sniffing
at strangers. There was no sympathy in her face. Ernestine jumped behind Clifton
and I took a step back."

Momma Jo is an incredible character who's

part conjurer, part herbalist, part healer. She not only creates concoctions to
cure the common cold and fevers, but has the skills to make someone yearn for
another. Momma Jo also has an offspring that enhances her outlandish aura. When
Easy sees Dom, Jr. he's uncertain about what he's about to encounter:

"Out from the trees came something. I knew it was a man because I heard him call
to us but it could have been something else."

Easy is in awe of Momma Jo. He is repulsed by her yet finds himself inexplicable
drawn to her. Easy's reaction to his liaison with Momma Jo amuses Mouse, who
chides Easy for thinking that he is too good to be with her. Mouse also points
out:

"If Momma go after somebody, then what can they do? We just people, Easy, and
she is more'n that."

Easy's uncertainty notwithstanding, Momma Jo is grateful for his spirit:

"Mens don't like a woman big as I am, not if they manlike too. They wanna feel
they power but they don't want none 'a yours. But I could see you wasn't like
that."

If anyone looms larger (psychically) than Momma Jo, it's Raymond "Mouse"
Alexander, who is short, gray-eyed and described by others as selfish and
sinful. He is a killer of humans and animals alike. Easy remembers a time when
he was rescued by Mouse, who sticks his knife into Easy's tormentor, Junior, and
tells him, "You better drop that stick or I'ma stir the soup, boy." But Mouse
tells Easy:

"I din't save you. I just wanted to cut that boy 'cause he think he so bad . . .
See what he think now . . ."

This novel might be called "How Mouse Was Born." Mouse has nothing but hate in
his heart for Reese Corn, the man he believes killed his mother. Easy Rawlins
has a fever for most of this tale and stays in a number of residences literally
sweating it out. Mouse is the main character and this novel may explain Mouse's
immoral impetus.

Mouse can be seen as a person with no redeeming qualities, but his friendship
and "love" of Easy is one of the qualities that humanizes him. After the
adventure in Pariah, Easy thinks about his relationship with Mouse and how he
saved him:

"I never knew Mouse to be so gentle. He held me all night and kept me warm as
much as he could. Who knows? Maybe I would've died out there in Pariah if Mouse
hadn't held me to his black heart."

Easy has deep guilt about a violent act that occurs in Pariah. He even moves to
Dallas to get away from Mouse, but toward the end of the book, he realizes that
he's going back to Mouse's haunt. He's worried, but rationalizes:

"Mouse is probably dead by now anyway. How could a man so violent and reckless
survive?"

They are, of course, reunited for other books in the Rawlins series. "Gone
Fishin' " is a very satisfying read. From the electric aura of Bayou Country,
the paradox of Mouse as a friend, to the town of Pariah that dissolves after
Mouse's revenge, this novel is wholly engaging.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo headshot -  Walter Mosley

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 17, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'What About Bob?' Nothing much

BYLINE: Mike Clark

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 343 words


What About Bob? is no All About Eve; come to think, it's not even Love That Bob.
So hold it - I don't think you're going to like this picture.

A sentimental comedy about mental illness (complete with a sitcom family),
wobbly Bob offers further evidence that Disney itself may be afflicted with
encroaching schizophrenia. Only two weeks ago, corporate-Uncle Walt served up
One Good Cop; it juxtaposed deft action scenes (very raw) against a comatose
hour of domestic goop. Now we get Bill Murray's brand of black-comedy - for
maybe all of 15 minutes. Then the treacle kicks in.

Richard Dreyfuss plays an anal psychoanalyst whose self-help book has talk shows
beckoning. Off to a holiday hideaway with wife Julie Hagerty and children, he's
ambushed by new patient Murray, who has just driven his previous shrink
screaming into retirement. Murray has a phobia about germs, water and
you-name-it - but it doesn't apply to Dreyfuss (nor, later, his family). As a
result, he finagles doc's address from the answering service, then ambushes (in
his words) ''the fam'' for several days in their rustic resort town.

Am I alone in thinking this doesn't even sound promising? As an exercise in
cold, '60s-style Brit nastiness, it might work. But not when it's compromised at
every turn, not when Murray begins Pied-Pipering the Dreyfuss kids out of their
funks. And how many bad comedies need you have seen to predict Murray will
adjust but Dreyfuss will go off his nut?

The two worthwhile Murray comedies (Ghostbusters I and Scrooged) were shrewd
enough to surround a very eccentric talent with, respectively, special effects
and an all-star cast. No such safety net exists here; Bob is a ''well ... what
about it?'' shrug-off.

What About Bob?
## (out of four)
Bill Murray ... Bob Wiley
Richard Dreyfuss ... Dr. Leo Marvin
Julie Hagerty ... Fay Marvin
Charlie Korsmo ... Siggy Marvin

A Touchstone Pictures release. Produced by Laura Ziskin. Directed by Frank Oz.
Screenplay by Tom Schulman. In theaters nationally. Rated PG (profanity).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, Barry Wetcher; PHOTO; b/w

CUTLINE: 'WHAT ABOUT BOB?': Murray, Dreyfuss star. CUTLINE: 'WHAT ABOUT BOB?':
Psychoanalyst Richard Dreyfuss, left, gets more company than he can handle in
his patient, Bill Murray.

See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Lines In The Sand;
The Issue

BYLINE: In Our Words

SECTION: A; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 851  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Pennsylvania could lose a seat in Congress by the beginning of the next decade.
National population shifts will take representative slots to faster-growing
states such as Texas and Florida. After the census numbers are published every
10 years, legislators meet in Harrisburg to redraw political districts,
including those for Congress. The number of congressional seats in Pennsylvania
peaked at 36 in the 1920s and has since declined to 18.

It's called gerrymandering. We could fill this space a hundred times over
explaining how it's done. But, in a nutshell, politicians get together and, much
like a kids' party magician creating balloon animals, they bend, fold, twist and
finagle legislative districts that sometimes barely resemble their original
form.

Democrats or Republicans, whichever party happens to be in power, reshape
political boundaries to give their party a numeric advantage so they can win
elections with little or no opposition. It's a purely political exercise, and it
serves no one, except for the politicians in power.

Pennsylvania is notorious for this. The 7th Congressional District looks like a
Rorschach test. It was redrawn by Republicans in Harrisburg to include seven
heavily Republican municipalities in eastern Lancaster County that were
previously in the 16th District. Their transfer would counter the more
Democratic portions of the 7th District, helping to guarantee victory for the
GOP. The strategy has worked swimmingly, as Republican Rep. Pat Meehan continues
to win easily.

In 2012, Aryanna Strader, the Democratic challenger to Republican U.S. Rep. Joe
Pitts, was gerrymandered out of the 16th District in which she was running. She
lived only three-quarters of a mile from Pitts' home in southern Chester County.
Even though she could no longer vote for herself because she now lived in the
7th District, Strader decided to stay in the race because you don't have to live
in a congressional district to run for the seat. She lost.

Who will lose seats in 2021 will depend on which party is in control.

In 2011, when Pennsylvania lost a seat, the Republican-controlled state House
and Senate got out their giant Etch-a-Sketch and redrew the lines so two
Democratic congressmen in the west found themselves in the same district. The
Republicans picked up one seat while the Democrats lost two.

Lest anyone think this isn't a two-party fiasco, if the Democrats get their
chance, they will likely look to the east and the Philadelphia suburbs to create
another Democratic district and gain a seat.

Congressional districts are supposed to be an accurate representation of the
people who live within their boundaries. If you removed politicians from the
process and based congressional districts purely on census data, Pennsylvania's
legislative map, along with those of many other states, would look very
different.

The only way to restore some level of purity to redistricting is to take the
responsibility away from politicians and leave it to a truly independent
commission, which is how it's done in California.

In 2008, California voters passed Proposition 11, which created a Citizens
Redistricting Commission for state Legislature seats. In 2010, voters extended
the commission's authority to include congressional districts. The reform was
supported by then California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican.

The commission is a bipartisan panel of citizens charged with drawing political
districts, not favoring a political party. Republicans have since lost
congressional seats, but at least no one can argue it was because of
gerrymandering.

In Pennsylvania, creation of such a commission would require changing the state
constitution, which, given the Legislature's track record in resolving far more
trivial matters, seems unlikely. We do, however, encourage Pennsylvanians who
support an independent redistricting panel, as we do, to contact their
legislators.

Short of tweaking the state constitution, legal challenges might be the only
other way to alter how political districts are redrawn.

A federal court in Wisconsin recently ruled that the state legislative map
illegally favors one political party over the other. That case is now headed to
the U.S. Supreme Court, which has already heard arguments on similar cases in
North Carolina and Virginia. Depending on how the court rules, a more formulaic
solution could be applied to redistricting.

There's a reason to care about gerrymandering, even beyond its inherent
subjectivity.

As LNP Content Editor Tom Murse wrote in October, "Gerrymandered districts
create uncompetitive districts. Lawmakers who are safe in their districts have
no reason to compromise with the opposing party. And when the willingness to
compromise is lost, you get gridlock and a polarized Congress."

Regardless of your political leanings or party affiliation, you must acknowledge
that's not a good thing.

Redistricting is a complicated process, almost guaranteed to create
dissatisfaction and resentment, no matter how it's done.

And while there are no perfect solutions, it's very clear that the current
method is the least perfect of all.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Yredistrictingcontroversy Find more online bit.l

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 16, 2005 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

N.E. CURSE LIVES FOR PEYTON, COLTS

BYLINE: BY LISA OLSON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 848 words


FOXBORO - The Red Sox might want to wipe their bleary eyes and check out this
interesting phenomenon.

A few icy hairpin curls down Route 1, in a stadium bursting with energy but
lacking the charm of a certain lyrical bandbox in the Fens, the Patriots this
afternoon take their turn. Assuming Johnny Damon doesn't decide to call a press
conference announcing his latest nuptials, and making the wild leap that Curt
Schilling is nowhere near a microphone, the Patriots should have the floor for
three whole hours.

They have slipped into this weird reality warp, here but not really. What other
professional team can win two titles in three years yet still manage to go
mostly unnoticed? Only a team that shares breathing privileges with the Red Sox.

Two months and 20 days have passed since anyone dared yell "1918." By the time
the Patriots and Indianapolis Colts settle the AFC divisional playoff game at
Gillette Stadium, dozens of tell-all books and a few more DVDs about the 2004
world champion Red Sox will have been released. By the time New England wakes
from a winter spent gorging on the Red Sox and all their drippings, the dynasty
that is the Patriots may no longer exist.

That's assuming Peyton Manning and the Colts reverse their own little curse, and
figure out a way to finally beat the Patriots on a turf that is slightly biased.
Remember how Red Auerbach used to finagle with the temperature in the old Boston
Garden, until the visitors ran screaming from frigid showers? Patriots coach
Bill Belichick, the old trickster, has spent the past week playing footsy with
the tarp that's meant to protect the sod from ice and snow and fog that keep
rolling like lily pads across Belichick's beautiful swamp. Indianapolis has
practiced all week in its cozy dome, in a 70-degree windless petri dish.

If the Colts close this afternoon by complaining about the conditions the way
they closed out the last playoff game against the Patriots by complaining about
the unfair bullying in the secondary, Manning can expect to hear his share of
taunts. He has won everything, except the big one.

(This just in! Curt Schilling is on the phone from Arizona. He says he'll be
ready to go April 3 against the Yankees. He also says he loves all cameramen and
Randy Johnson. Boston television stations prepare to cut away from the Patriots
game today, should Schilling call back.)

New England fans are deservedly smug these days. There was a time when neither
the Patriots nor the Red Sox could catch a break, when coach Clive Rush was
nearly electrocuted by a faulty microphone at his introductory news conference
and Johnny Pesky double-clutched. Now Red Sox slugger David Ortiz emerges from
the bathroom during a Celtics game and finds hundreds of people in the lobby,
waiting to give him a standing O. Ortiz is rumored to have tickets for today's
game. He might want to do his business before kickoff, or the Colts will wonder
why they're playing in front of a bunch of empty seats.

The Patriots' secondary is decimated, but that doesn't seem cause for much
concern in these parts, not when a certain trophy is making the rounds. Is there
a Bostonian alive who has not yet been photographed with what Sox officials call
"the baby"? The Patriots have discovered a fine way to blend into the frenzy.

"We wear our Red Sox hats and look like everybody else," said quarterback Tom
Brady.

Much has changed since the Patriots had the darling role all to themselves. Ty
Law is recuperating in Pittsburgh and won't be around to torture Manning the way
he did last year, Richard Seymour was last seen hobbling through a suburban mall
mumbling about Kevin Mawae, and Brady can finally go to the corner store without
getting mobbed. Running back Corey Dillon is the Pedro Martinez of football, an
aloof diva who wears opponents down and has managed to fit seamlessly into a
team where nameplates are required.

"You play for this team, for a man like coach Belichick, and you learn there are
no egos," said Brady.

Brady hears what people are saying about the damaged Patriots having little
chance against the annoyingly spectacular Manning and his high-flying receivers.
Manning can read defenses as if they're written for kindergartners, and once he
gets around to calling a play his statistical output makes every other
quarterback blush. Manning threw four interceptions against the Patriots on that
wet and cold January last year, his last mediocre performance. The guy with two
rings and room for a third is quick to verbally genuflect at the corner of
greatness.

But know this. History is embedded deep in New England's cobblestones. Brady and
Belichick and most every other Patriot worth his salt admit to gulping deep when
Mariano Rivera walked to the mound at Fenway Park, just three outs away from
sending the Sox and their fans into a familiar state of trauma.

"And what happened then?" asked Brady, wearing the cheeky grin that has become
the uniform du jour from Connecticut to the tip of Vermont. "So don't tell us we
can't do something, because we already learned to ignore it."

lolson@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              June 27, 2016 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Workload Never Ends For Flames' Busy Gm;;; Friday after Friday, Treliving makes
major changes to team and its roster

BYLINE: Scott Cruickshank, Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 838 words


It only seems like Brad Treliving works one day a week.

From the outside, it must appear that the gentleman is bent on reviving his
squad.

One Friday at a time. For instance, a couple of Fridays ago - after cutting ties
with reigning NHL coach of the year Bob Hartley; constructing a master list,
with four subsets, of 40 candidates; personally contacting 20 of them from
overseas; conducting scads of interviews and re-interviews; boiling down
everything into a shortlist; whittling till there was one man standing - the
Calgary Flames boss made public his determination.

That the team's skipper would be Glen Gulutzan.

By all accounts, Gulutzan is a progressive thinker and a sharp communicator.

Hankering for more news about your favourite team?

TGIF. Because this past Friday signalled a couple more Trelivingtriggered
trumpet blasts.

After identifying his organization's two most glaring deficiencies (rather
easily, one would assume), he got busy once again, this time in Buffalo.

Legitimate starting goalie - check.

Power-forward prospect - check.

The general manager of the squad saddled with the shabbiest save percentage in
the NHL acquired the chap with the finest, Brian Elliott.

While Treliving's peers - especially those in Tampa and Pittsburgh - were
undoubtedly keen to finagle overpayment for their high-profile assets, he
patched this particular hole by letting go of a second-round pick (and, if
Elliott is re-signed or flipped, an additional third-rounder).

Friday, however, wasn't over.

Hoping to remedy another obvious shortcoming - bluechip winger with sand, size,
skill, smarts - the Flames chose to sit tight, with command of the sixth holler
at the NHL draft.

The first round, in a rather fortuitous manner, unfolded. The Flames' need, a
textbook version of it, wound up landing in their laps - Matthew Tkachuk,
6-foot-2 and 200 pounds.

He's a player - as a bulldog forward of the Memorial Cupchampion London Knights,
as the No. 2-ranked North American skater, according to Central Scouting - the
Flames love. Understandably. What he has, they didn't. Till that night.

Treliving's trend - making noise on his favourite day of the week - promises to
continue.

No such thing as casual Fridays for him.

Although July 1 is often cause for candle-blowing celebration - Canada's
birthday (149th), Rod Gilbert's (75th), Pam Anderson's (49th), Jarome Iginla's
(39th), Karri Ramo's (30th) - it also happens to be the grand opening of NHL
free agency.

And the Flames boss, like his 29 rivals, has all sorts of needs, all sorts of
designs - and, theoretically, all sorts of budgetary considerations (even if
this day does challenge the trade deadline for foolhardy transactions).

But for this week, even Treliving won't be able to hide his handiwork till
Friday.

Because you can expect news daily.

The NHL's set of hard deadlines ensures a steady stream of news releases.

By Monday afternoon, teams must officially tender qualifying offers to their
restricted free agents. This formality - one-year deals featuring, at most,
marginal raises - allows clubs to retain the rights of those players.

Restricted chaps who don't receive qualifying offers?

They are free to shop their wares elsewhere - starting Friday.

Some of the Calgarians who will see qualifying offers are obvious - Sean
Monahan, Johnny Gaudreau, Joe Colborne, Josh Jooris. But there is also a big
batch of unproven commodities - Bill Arnold, Drew Shore, Freddie Hamilton, Kenny
Agostino, Bryce Van Brabant, Turner Elson, Tyler Wotherspoon - to consider.

And, perhaps most intriguingly of all, goalie Joni Ortio.

Is the Finnish youngster in the picture as Elliott's caddy? Or is he kaput in
Calgary?

If Ortio is turned loose, expect the Flames to dip into the freeagent pool -
Carter Hutton? Chad Johnson? - to secure a backup.

There could even be local developments the day before the unrestricted bonanza.

Thursday afternoon? That's when the NHL's window for buyouts snaps shut (till it
reopens later in the off-season).

This is a route - Nigel Dawes and Shane O'Brien aside - the Flames typically
avoid. And it is distasteful, shelling out mounds of dough to usher a player out
the door.

Treliving, this past weekend, didn't discount the possibility of taking
advantage of this playershedding, cap-relieving manoeuvre.

Who are gold-watch candidates?

The list, sadly for the Flames, is not short (term/salary remaining): defencemen
Dennis Wideman (one year/$5.25 million), Ladislav Smid (one year/$3.5 million);
forwards Mason Raymond (one year/$3.15 million), Matt Stajan (two years/$3.12
million), Brandon Bollig (one year/$1.25 million).

So this does stand as a potentially busy spell, starting Monday. And in the
middle of such a newsy week, don't be surprised if there is something else for
the Flames to announce.

An assistant coach - the names of Tim Hunter, Dave Lowry, Craig Berube, Dave
Cameron are out there - for Gulutzan's staff.

Yes, fittingly, his Man Friday.

scruickshank@postmedia.com Twitter.com/CruickshankCH !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bruce Bennett, Getty Images; Matthew Tkachuk, centre, alongside Flames
general manager Brad Treliving, left, and director of scouting Tod Button, was
celebrating with his new team after being selected sixth overall at the 2016 NHL
Draft on Friday in Buffalo, N.Y. Tkachuk is a bulldog forward and proved that
with the Memorial Cup-champion London Knights.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

PEACH FUSS

BYLINE: Nancy Lofholm

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 787 words


PALISADE

If the juice dribbling down the chins of happy peach buyers at Palisade fruit
stands were a good indicator, it would appear this is a prime year in Colorado's
top peach growing region. But Front Range peach buyers are finding out it's not
that easy to find the prized fruit in the worst weather year for peaches in more
than two decades.

Connections, and the willingness to drive peach laden pickups and vans over the
Continental Divide, seem to be determining where the peaches are turning up in
the Denver metro area.

Supermarket chains and farmers' markets have a reduced supply of the peaches.
Front Range peach festivals have managed to get enough. Some churches and
service organizations have found a way to keep up at least part of their normal
peach sale fundraisers this summer, while others have had to cancel for lack of
supply.

"Without connections, we would still have a peach festival, but we wouldn't have
peaches," said Tanis Roeder, the event director for the Fort Collins Peach
Festival this weekend.

How she managed to line up 1,000 boxes of peaches for the festival involves a
roommate's father, who owns an orchard in Palisade.

He was able to finagle other growers into sending peaches to the festival, where
they will be sold by the box, slushed into margaritas and baked into pastries.

Acquiring peaches is requiring a little bit of extra work this year because
Palisade growers say they are harvesting, on average, only 20 to 40 percent of
their normal crops. Unusual April freezes killed the rest.

"There is less fruit than expected," said Amaya Atucha, a horticulturist with
the Colorado State University Western Colorado Research Center.

Far fewer Palisade peaches are going to be available in Denver area grocery
stores, and what is there probably will be pricier. The Fort Collins Rotary
Annual Breakfast Club Peach Sale has been canceled for a lack of peaches.
Meanwhile, the Fort Collins cross country team's peach sales are going forward
because the coach drove a van to Palisade to pick up some fruit.

The Boettcher Foundation was able to give board members peaches in this down
year because President Tim Schultz hails from Grand Junction and has
connections.

The Lafayette Peach Festival went forward last weekend with 500 whole peach pies
and 4,500 servings of peach cobbler because a number of Palisade area orchards
pitched in with 30,000 pounds of peaches so the festival could satisfy some
fresh peach cravings.

But the surest source of Palisade peaches this summer is in the dozens of fruit
stands that dot the vineyard and orchard country in and around Palisade. They
are open. They have peaches the size of softballs. And they have customers
rolling in from the Front Range to make sure they get their annual fill of fruit
right from the source.

"We jokingly call these our $1,000 peaches because we make it a summer vacation
to come over here and get our peaches," said Aurora resident Valerie Bailey, who
was picking up enough boxes of peaches at Clark Farm Orchards stand on Monday to
take back to Denver for canning, freezing, making into pie filling and eating
fresh.

The problem with this year's supply in an area that grows 85 percent of
Colorado's peaches happened in April. Two hard freezes, a week apart, foiled
growers' normal efforts to use wind machines to keep warmer air around the peach
trees. An icy wind was blowing hard enough that the machines were not effective.
In the aftermath, some growers were optimistic that more of the crop would
survive, but as buds began to drop, the damage estimates grew.

Around Palisade, boxes, bins and sacks of peaches are lined up at every stand
because of a bit of homegrown cooperation.

Growers who lost so much of their crops that they don't have enough to keep a
"We have peaches" sign alongside the road are finding help in the form of a
peach supply from growers who fared a little better.

"Farmers here have pulled together to make sure we all have fruit," said Renee
Herman, whose family has been growing peaches in the middle of Palisade for a
quarter of a century and hasn't seen damage this bad since 1991.

Growers who have enough to do so are also trying to help Denver area peach fans
who don't want to make a peach pilgrimage across the Continental Divide.

Dennis Clark said he'll send about 20 percent of his normal shipments to King
Soopers stores in the metro area. Talbott Farms will send 120,000 boxes of
peaches to Kroger, City Market and Safeway stores, rather than the normal
300,000 boxes.

"I am trying to send all I can," said Clark, of Clark Family Orchards. "Just
keep looking in the stores. There will be some coming in. There just won't be
big promotions."

Nancy Lofholm: 970 256 1957, nlofholm@ denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               December 14, 2012

Everything's Coming Up Moses;
The Wonders of America;
From Thomas Mann to Herman Wouk, Lawgiver's Story Is Always in Style

SECTION: Arts & Culture; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 913 words


By now, I suspect that

most Forward readers  are aware that Herman  Wouk, at the ripe old  age of 97,
has just published a  novel called The Lawgiver,  whose plot hinges on the
efforts  of an assorted band of characters  to produce a movie based  on the
life of Moses. Determined  to outdo Cecil B. DeMille's well-known  depiction of
the biblical  hero, they scheme, finagle,  conspire, and tumble in and out  of
bed, all the while writing a  lot of memos and emails. Like  the epistolary
novel of old, The  Lawgiver is structured around  a series of exchanges, but in
a  nod to the 21st century, these  take the form of email rather  than that of
the letter.

Tapping and yapping away,  the novel's characters, who  include a screenwriter
educated  at Bais Yaakov, a Jewish  industrialist from Australia,  an Israeli
scientist, an accomplished  Washington, D. C.,  lawyer named Josh and a
distinguished  writer from California  named Herman Wouk, tango  with one
another, seeking to  get this movie made. Fun and  games ensue as the author of
Marjorie Morningstar and  The Caine Mutiny trains his  sights on Hollywood.

Meanwhile, the press has  trained its sights on, and made  much of, Wouk's
continued  productivity as well as of his  awareness of digital technology,
marveling at them both.  What also warrants comment is  Wouk's fascination with
Moses,  a figure that casts a giant shadow  over the proceedings.

The celebrated author never  fully explains the source  of his interest, except
to say  that he's drawn to the man's elusiveness.  Nobody understands  Moses,
the character of Wouk  tells Louis Gluck, the industrialist  eager to secure
Wouk's participation  in the project. See, I'm right,  Gluck says. You're the
man for the  movie. Who else understands that  nobody understands Moses?

But then, Wouk doesn't have to;  nor do we. Moses, it seems, is one  of those
characters who never falls  out of style. Film star, comic book  hero, action
figure and, according  to the Metropolitan Casualty  Insurance Company, one of
the  greatest salesmen that ever lived,  Wouk's Moses happens to be just  the
latest in a steady stream of  Mosaic personalities who have captured  the
American literary and cinematic  imagination.

Consider, for instance, Thomas  Mann's depiction of the biblical figure  in his
novelette, The Tables  of the Law. Available these days  as a stand-alone text,
translated  by Marion Faber and Stephen  Lehmann, it first appeared in 1943  in
an anthology called The Ten  Commandments: Ten Short Novels  of Hitler's War
Against the Moral  Code, in which 10 representative  modern writers  Franz
Werfel and Rebecca West among  them  were each assigned a commandment  and asked
to ponder  its meaning. Although the Nobel  Prize-winning author had been  asked
to reckon with what in the  Christian tradition is the very first  commandment,
Thou shalt have  no other gods before me, he chose  instead to contemplate the
biblical  lawgiver, coming up with what  one critic hailed as a most plausible
Moses.

In quick, bold strokes, Mann  sketched Moses' biography,  endowing him with a
recognizable  humanity. In a particularly nice  touch, he depicted Moses,
pickaxe  in hand, coughing as he ascended  Mount Sinai. Physically spent  by his
exertions, Mann's Moses  was equally taxed by the task of  deciding in what
language to couch  the Ten Commandments, another  lovely conceit. It was
perfectly  clear to Moses that he could never  under any circumstances commit
the ten-phrase dictation to stone in

Babylonian, Egyptian, or in the  Bedouin patois of Sinai. Only in the  language
of his father's blood kin  could that happen, should that happen .  And a third
delightful riff:  Moses worked so hard to summon  up the appropriate Hebrew
words  and sounds of the Decalogue, he  actually spouted horns from the  strain
of wishing and from one  clear insight. By the time Moses  finished his labors,
Mann wrote in  one of his most winning passages,  he had carved the ABC of human
behavior.

Earlier generations of Americans  would have agreed, especially  those who, in
1910, flocked to see  The Life of Moses, one of the first  feature films made in
this country.

Produced by the Vitagraph  Company of America in an effort  to raise motion
pictures out of the  commonplace, this silent five-reeler  was touted as a
biblical film  de luxe, at once rich in scenic  effects and entirely reverent in
spirit, or so crowed one industry  spokesman.

The Life of Moses, another  added, writing in the pages of The  Moving Picture
World, is proving  to be the greatest event of its  kind in motion pictures
since the  'Passion Play.'

Filmed indoors, on a soundstage  whose backdrops depicted the  scenery and
costumes of ancient  Egypt, as well as outdoors, on  the sands of Brooklyn's
Brighton  Beach, which stood in for the  Red Sea (a mighty cold place for
barelegged Israelites in January,  one chilled member of the crew  recalled),
The Life of Moses  placed a premium on verisimilitude.  That, and the high
standing  in which Moses was held, added  to the film's allure.

Other than Jesus, there is no  personality which stands out so  prominently as
that of Moses, the  liberator and lawgiver of his race,  Film Index declared in
1909, giving  a thumbs-up to the Vitagraph  production.

It's too early to tell whether The  Lawgiver of 2012 will be similarly
laureled. But one thing is perfectly  clear: When dwelling on  Moses, Herman
Wouk is in very  good company.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Commanding Presence:Moses shows the power of the words.; GETTY
IMAGES
IMAGE: Moses Discloses:Charlton Heston in 'The Ten Commandments.'; GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    September 18, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

ADVANTAGES BUS BRINGS

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 385 words


FIRST OFF, BAY POINT ought to have its own high school. But for now, it doesn't,
and the community's youths bused into Concord have had a more difficult time
fully involving themselves in the high-school experience. In particular, it has
been more difficult for them to participate in after-school activities because a
ride home wasn't always easy to finagle.

But the Mt. Diablo School District agreed to provide, at least for now, a late
bus that will allow students at Concord's Mt. Diablo High School to participate
in extracurricular activities.

This is a good move on the school district's part. It's not only nice,
charitable or good public relations, but it is also smart. Its educational
benefits are multifaceted.

A bus that picks up at the school at 6:15 p.m. will allow the students to more
easily participate in tutoring sessions and study groups and possibly improve
their grades.

They can also join in the "fun stuff," too sports, cheerleading, clubs,
performing arts which also serve important, educational functions.

To participate, certain academic standards must be met, and the extra activities
have always been an incentive to maintain a certain grade-point average.
Attendance standards also have to be met, so the inclination to go to school
rises, even if it involves riding the bus, if a student is able to participate
in the extras.

And the social aspects should not be pooh-poohed. After-school groups tend to
mix up the cliques and put people together who might not have met before. Maybe
new friendships are formed, but most likely social skills of dealing with a
variety of people are fine-tuned.

Also, extracurricular activities have become important, sometimes necessary,
steps for post-high school achievement. Someone may become eligible for a
scholarship because she is now able to join the basketball team.

But also these are activities that go on first resumes and college applications;
many colleges and employers look for and expect some activities.

Many Bay Point youths have found it a hardship to reap the benefits of the
after-school. We hope they will take advantage of the opportunity the late bus
affords them.

We also hope the school district will recognize the importance of providing this
service and not short-shrift it or Bay Point.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

STRENGTH PROUD OF HIS OFFICE;
SHERIFF POINTS OUT LOWER CRIME RATES

BYLINE: Summer Moore Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 857 words


Richmond County Sheriff Ronnie Strength said he is pleased with public safety
efforts in 2011 and has several initiatives planned for 2012.

Augusta crime in most categories is down, including armed robberies, aggravated
assault, rape, murder, burglaries and more. Armed robberies and aggravated
assaults are at their lowest in four years, police said.

"It's easy for people to say that you can finagle the stats, and you can,"
Strength said. "We have never. We are showing exactly what they are. Our numbers
are absolutely accurate, and crime is down this year."

Strength credits programs such as the burglary task force for helping lower
those numbers. He said by being aggressive in high-crime areas and working as a
team, its officers have been successful in making arrests.

Operation Fox Hunt, a 19-month undercover operation that yielded at least 61
arrests in March, was also credited for helping bring down numbers. Strength
said that operation is responsible for taking many career criminals off the
street.

Some things the sheriff hopes to see in 2012 include the implementation of video
cameras downtown. He said that it is more complicated than just putting up the
cameras. There are obstacles, such as the site lines obstructed by city trees
that would have to be addressed.

The deputy reserve program will hopefully get started in the first quarter of
2012. Because of budget restraints, the sheriff said he knew he would not be
able to hire more deputies, so he found about 15 volunteers with law-enforcement
experience who will help in high-crime areas.

The sheriff responded Friday to questions about the highs and lows of 2011, as
well as his political future.

Q: The death of Deputy J.D. Paugh in October is still fresh in people's minds.
Is there anything you are doing to protect officers on the streets?

A: Any time a tragedy like Paugh happens, we make sure that everybody
understands there is a chance that you could be faced with what J.D. was faced
with, and not take situations for granted. We definitely talk to our folks about
it. We stress safety, without a doubt.

Q: In November, shots were fired at an officer in Cherry Tree Crossing, and Lt.
Robert West was run over while working a special duty assignment in Surrey
Center, does this trend concern you?

A: It concerns us without a doubt. Our guys get up every morning in law
enforcement and could be faced with these things. Law enforcement officers that
died in the line of duty (nationwide) are up 13 percent this year. Those are
alarming numbers. Two things do that: lack of respect for law enforcement is
one, and the other is that we live in the most violent society that we ever
have.

And it's not just local; it's all over the country. People are getting more
violent towards officers.

Q: There were some discipline issues this year. Deputy Sylvester Rosier was
arrested Dec. 15 on charges of DUI, hit and run, and fleeing and attempting to
elude. Deputy Erik Norman admitted to altering DUI breath test results in
November. Investigator Tess Alexander resigned after questions were raised on
how she was using her fuel card in July. How do you handle that?

A: There are always bad apples. We have addressed every incident that we had
where an officer did something wrong. We as law enforcement officers have to
stay within the same lines as everybody else. We are not exempt. And when an
officer goes bad, we have 100 percent of the time addressed that. We have
terminated officers when necessary for policy violations. We have without a
doubt arrested officers for criminal violations. We have sent officers to the
penitentiary when necessary.

Q: This year, Cherry Tree Crossing was in the news for murders, shootings,
stabbings and arrests. What can be done about that area?

A: If we had a solution that we thought absolutely would work, we would have
done it. Any area like that - and I'm not throwing stones at only Cherry Tree
Crossing - is about visibility. We have to have the officers there. Not everyone
in Cherry Tree is a bad person. We have a lot of good people who live there too,
and they want us there. We are not going to abandon the good citizens in Cherry
Tree because it is a dangerous place, at times, to be. We are going to be there.

Q: What do you think was your biggest challenge in 2011?

A: The biggest challenge, always, is to keep the community as safe as possible.
And doing that understaffed is a remarkable tribute to the men and women on the
street.

Q: What are you most proud of in 2011?

A: The quality of officers that we have, and the job that they have done. A lot
of people think the sheriff is doing a great job. The sheriff isn't doing a
great job, the men and women of this agency are doing a great job. That makes
the sheriff look good.

Q: What is your focus for 2012?

A: The No. 1 thing is that we make sure that we do everything humanly possible
to make sure our officers are safe. That is Utopia for us.

Q: Are you running for sheriff next year?

A: I will make a decision in the early part of next year, probably around
February or March. Right now, I don't know.

Reach Summer Moore at

(706) 823-3339 or summer.moore@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 24, 2007 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

FRONT MAN;
Whether greeting the rich and famous or the poor and homeless, Marquette Hotel
doorman Larry (Chez) Chesney maintains a happy face.

BYLINE: Bill Ward, Staff Writer

SECTION: SOURCE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1032 words


Larry (Chez) Chesney has chatted up the Dalai Lama, Dr. Ruth and Paul McCartney.
He's rubbed shoulders with presidents, prime ministers and Prince. He's been
slapped by Jerry Lewis (kiddingly), chided by Aretha Franklin (seriously) and
watched Donald Trump fire a flunky years before "The Apprentice" premiered.

But on this breezy day in downtown Minneapolis, the Marquette Hotel's veteran
doorman was trying to finagle a taxi for two guests who were several sheets to
the wind - at 9:30 a.m. As the raucous men teetered to maintain their
equilibrium and yo-yoed between affable and belligerent, Chesney settled a
cabbie contretemps ("one of them butted in line"), then watched the remaining
driver zoom off upon noting the inebriated state of his potential fares.

"I have to be a mom sometimes out here," said Chesney after pouring the pickled
pair into a third taxi.

Whether they are stars or souses, people are the 59-year-old Chez's business.
For a quarter-century now, his cheery face, as round and eager to please as
Charlie Brown's, has greeted guests at the corner of 7th Street and Marquette
Avenue S.

"He comes to work with a big smile, rain or shine. He's just a genuinely
friendly person," said Gerard Viardin, the Marquette's general manager for the
past seven years. "I have not seen a single day when he was not happy."

That helps explain why Chesney could come away from the morning-tipplers ordeal
with a grin. Over the decades, up close and personable, he has dealt with all
manner of quarreling couples, bickering businessmen and famous personalities of
various stripes.

He might speak fondly of everyone from Lynne Cheney to k.d. lang, but Chesney's
celebrity encounters also have included chills ("Anne Rice was really spooky"),
thrills ("it was freaky how much the Dalai Lama had this presence of something
more than just the person there") and spills. The latter came courtesy of Secret
Service types accompanying former President Gerald Ford, who was in town for a
business meeting.

"I went down to the limo and opened the door. Well, you don't open the car for
the president, so I was tackled," Chesney recounted. "They apologized later but
said `Look, remember Ronald Reagan. Getting out of a vehicle for a president,
that's a high point at which they could be assassinated.' They said pick any
other door you want. After that point Jerry Ford would always smile when he'd
see me."

(Ford's not the only ex-prez who enjoyed the company of Chez and his brethren.
Reagan speechwriter Peggy Noonan noted that her boss would rather talk to hotel
doormen than State Department functionaries "because he thought the doormen
brighter and more interesting.")

Wind is the worst

Getting clotheslined by G-Men is nothing compared with a Minnesota doorman's
toughest challenge - the work environment. Cold weather is not the worst of it
for Chesney; built like a fireplug, short-legged and barrel-chested, he bundles
up in layers and has discovered the wonder of Gators socks ("like having on
boots").

"I'm exposed to heavy wind, heavy sun, not to mention the pollution out here,"
said the ruddy-faced Chesney. "The wind is the biggest factor. There's such a
vortex in this quadrant, sometimes you'll see water spouts go up. I've had times
when I can't stand up out here. One time we had a big red carpet out front, and
it was so windy the carpet flew up and wrapped around a woman and rolled maybe
20 feet. Fortunately, when we got her out, she was laughing."

Chesney dubs the area from the 7th Street curb to the Hilton-owned Marquette's
front desk "my playground." He sets a tone that's loosey-goosey, but serious
about the business at hand with the hotel's bellhops, valets and guests, and
with police, passers-by and even panhandlers ("I'm pretty well known in the
homeless community"). He likens his job to that of another hotel staple: the
bartender.

"You're captive here, so people come up and talk your head off, people who just
want someone to talk to," said Chesney. "They enjoy talking to a  real person.
People don't like phoniness. They don't want a bunch of cliches or scenarios
that they know are not coming from a real person."

A background in art

It's all a bit far afield from Chesney's original vocations: painting and
teaching. The Owatonna High School grad got an art degree at Mankato State, then
spent two years teaching and doing research at Mexico City's Collegio Americano.
Photographing ancient ruins for Hamline  and Mankato State universities was part
of what Chesney calls "my little Indiana Jones stage."

"I guess I've done my share of wild living," said Chesney, a lifelong bachelor.

He returned to teach at Mankato State for five years, then took a stab at
selling his watercolors (which he dabbles in to this day). "But it was up and
down, being late on my rent sometimes. My parents finally said `If you get a
real job, we'll give you a down payment on a house,'-" said Chesney.

The "real job," even at a hotel as classy as the Marquette, might not have been
exactly what his parents had in mind, and Chesney wasn't so sure at first,
either. He was "terrified - I would stutter" around visiting celebs. But within
about a year they were "like family,'" he said. Shortly thereafter, he started
logging a list of his rich and famous acquaintances; even on a long yellow legal
pad, he ran out of space in short order.  His quarter-century tenure is "way,
way more" than the average for the profession, said Viardin.

Over the decades, Chesney got so used to being on his feet all day that he now
eats dinner standing up when he gets home (after he changes shoes). And while
all that standing and schlepping luggage might be less-than-ideal work for a man
who'll be 60 next February, just try telling that to Chesney.

"I don't want to sit around the house and get old," he said. "I need to be
around people. I haven't had a vacation since 1987. I just really like being at
work. This is not just my work; it's my social life."

Fortunately for Chez, his boss is on the same page. "Another 25 years with us,"
said Viardin, "would be great."

Bill Ward - 612-673-7643online extra

To hear Chesney talk about celebrity sightings and his job, go to
www/startribune.com/lifestyle

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   February 1, 2006 Wednesday, FINAL Edition

Arthur Gordon Jr., 81, labor activist, paper worker, legislator

BYLINE: Melanie Creamer news assistant

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 444 words

DATELINE: WESTBROOK


Arthur Gordon Jr., a retired paper worker who represented Westbrook in the state
Senate in 1969 and 1970, died Saturday. He was 81.

Mr. Gordon worked in the finishing department at the former S.D. Warren, now
Sappi Fine Paper, for more than 30 years. He was active in the United
Papermakers Union Local 1069.

In the 1970s, he joined a handful of labor activists and community health
professionals concerned about health and safety in the workplace.

In 1977, he helped form the Maine Labor Group. Mr. Gordon was remembered at the
organization as a leader who fought for working people.

"Arthur was always there, helping us with training," Peter Crockett, executive
director, said Tuesday. "Anything we needed, basically, we called Arthur and he
would somehow finagle it. He was one of our go-to folks. We are very saddened
over his passing."

Mr. Gordon lived on Duck Pond Road nearly his entire life. In 1942, he graduated
from Westbrook High School and went on to Maine Maritime Academy. He served
aboard Liberty ships and tankers during World War II.

Mr. Gordon was married to the former Barbara Huntley for 56 years. The couple
met at a fried clam stand in Falmouth where he stopped for lunch one afternoon,
said a daughter, Sandra Cort of Windham.

"He kept coming back," Cort said. "They shared a very warm and loving
relationship."

Cort said her father was always there to lend his support and have fun.

"He did a lot of things with my sister and I," Cort said. "Our vacations were
educational . . . He continued that tradition with his grandchildren. He took
them on adventures on the fire boat, or on the Casco Bay Ferry."

Cort said his grandchildren recall him most for the treehouse he built them in
his back yard.

Mr. Gordon was described Tuesday as the type of man who jumped in with both feet
when he took something on. He served on the Westbrook City Council and
successfully fought to get city water extended to his road after a fire razed a
neighbor's home.

In 1968, Democrats turned to Mr. Gordon to run for the District 7 state Senate
seat. He ran successfully and served one term. He served on several committees,
including those dealing with transportation and aging.

"The Democrats didn't have anyone to put on the ticket," Cort said. "He said,
'I'll run, but promise me I won't win.' I think he was happy he won. He
thoroughly enjoyed being in Augusta . . . Whatever he did, he did it
wholeheartedly. He was very humble about his involvement and never took the
credit."

Mr. Gordon was a member and trustee of Highland Lake Church. He had a passion
for gardening and scattered seedlings throughout the house, Cort said.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     October 4, 2003 Saturday Final Edition

Seeking adventure

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

BYLINE: Sarah Wayland

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. F09

LENGTH: 195 words


When I was growing up in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia, I was always very close
to my parents and my three brothers. Yet I never considered making career and
life choices that would keep me close to home.

At that time, I suppose I valued adventure more than community. I wanted to
learn about and travel to far away places, and to meet people of different
backgrounds.

I completed a BA in International Studies and French and spent a semester in
Europe. I wrote the U.S. foreign service exam, but then I opted for graduate
school in political science, where I was able to finagle a year in France
researching immigration.

More importantly, I met a handsome Canadian student. We got married, had two
children, moved around a bit. Two years ago, we bought our first house -- in
Hamilton of all places. So I do live in a "far away place," but I don't have to
speak another language.

Culture shock has been minimal. I am now a Canadian, so I will even get to vote
in the upcoming elections.

I look forward to visiting Paris again some day, and to seeing other parts of
the world, but life in Hamilton is comfortable. This is starting to feel like
home.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2003 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 16, 1999 Tuesday

JOHNSON, FULLER GONE;
DOOR COULD OPEN FOR A TEXAS-SIZED TRADE WINDFALL

BYLINE: Bob Sansevere, Staff Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 839 words


Apparently, folks at Winter Park aren't getting the proper amount of oxygen to
the brain. They traded Brad Johnson to the Washington Redskins on Monday. In the
words of the last U.S. president not to be impeached, read my lips:

Trading Johnson was a mistake.

The Vikings are putting their faith in a soon-to-be 36-year-old, born-again
quarterback who, in the biggest game of his life, completed just one of his
final seven passes.

And lost. Don't forget that part.

The Vikings didn't even reap a huge windfall in exchange for Johnson. They got
three draft picks, and only two of them are in this year's draft.

The Vikings received the Redskins' first-round pick this year, the 11th pick
overall, and a third-round pick, and they get a second-round choice next year.

Washington had the fifth overall pick, too. Why couldn't the Vikings also
finagle that one out of the Redskins?

The Redskins, after all, were desperate for a quarterback. Trent Green, their
starter most of last season, signed with the St. Louis Rams earlier Monday. The
options weren't exactly plentiful. Or desirable. If the Redskins didn't get
Johnson, the next-best quarterback available was Jeff George.

Ugh.

The Redskins were in a beggar's mode. The Vikings should have strung 'em along
for a few days, constantly upping the ante with them and the Baltimore Ravens
and whoever else has shown interest in Johnson.

Why the rush?

The only thing that makes any sense is that the Vikings aren't finished. That
they're going to take the picks they got from the Redskins and package them with
a few things of their own and move up in the draft to select a player who will
make an enormous impact. A franchise player. A once-in-a-millennium player.

Only one player fits that description: Texas running back Ricky Williams.

Williams is the best running back to come out of college maybe ever. He's got it
all. If the Vikings are maneuvering to get Williams, then trading Johnson is at
least quasi-palatable.

"There's no master plan," said Jeff Diamond, the Vikings senior vice president.

If there is no master the plan, then the trade was an XXXXL mistake. After all,
what good are a slew of early-round draft picks if you make the wrong decisions
with them? See Duane Clemons and James Manley for details.

However, it's not too late. Even if the trade with Washington wasn't part of a
master plan to acquire Williams, it's time to start thinking that way.

It appears the Cleveland Browns, who have the first overall pick, are locked in
on Kentucky quarterback Tim Couch. At least Couch seems to think so. In
assessing the Browns' selections in the expansion draft, Couch said, 'I thought
it went pretty well. It seemed like we, uh, Cleveland, got a lot of offensive
linemen."

If the Browns truly are committed to Couch, the Vikings should contact the
Philadelphia Eagles and Cincinnati Bengals, who have the second and third picks
in the draft.

The Vikings could offer attractive packages to either of those teams. Wide
receiver Jake Reed is expendable because he'd be no better than the third
receiver next year after Randy Moss and Cris Carter. Matthew Hatchette played
well enough to make the Vikings comfortable with him as the No. 3 receiver. And,
if Williams can be acquired, Robert Smith no longer is needed.

So, the Vikings could offer this blockbuster to the Eagles: Reed, Smith, the
Redskins' 11th pick overall and their own 29th pick for the No. 2 selection.
Which would be Ricky Williams.

That would potentially give the Vikings the best wide receiver (Moss) and best
running back (Williams) in football.

Meantime, the Eagles need much more help than Williams alone can provide. So, a
package that offers a Pro Bowl-caliber running back and wide receiver and two
first-round draft picks might dazzle the Eagles and their new coach, Andy Reid,
who knows he has to turn the team around or he's out.

It's possible the Eagles would prefer to draft early. That's where the Bengals
would come in.

Check out this trade: The Vikings send Reed and the 11th and 29th picks to the
Bengals for the third overall choice. The Bengals probably would be willing to
throw in Jeff Blake, who would become Cunningham's backup. The Vikings then
trade Smith and the No. 3 and their own second-round choice to the Eagles for
the No. 2 pick. Ricky Williams.

And then if Cunningham goes down, the Vikings can become a team reliant on two
things. The run and the bomb. About the only thing Blake does well is throw
deep, which would be fine because what Moss does best is go deep.

Now, if the Browns aren't totally sold on Couch, the Vikings could offer them
Reed and Smith and the 11th and 29th picks and whatever else it takes for the
chance to select Williams first overall.

These are only scenarios, but, you must admit, Ricky Williams sure would look
good in purple. Of course, he'd look even better if Brad Johnson still were in
purple, too.
Bob Sansevere's column regularly appears Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See related story: REDSKINS GET QB FOR DRAFT PICKS; BROWNS GET CB

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 29, 2014 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

Packers kings of North

BYLINE: Genaro C. Armas

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 548 words


GREEN BAY, WIS. A heating pad wrapped around his sore left calf, Aaron Rodgers
could only watch helplessly on television monitors in the locker room as the
Detroit Lions surged closer to his Green Bay Packers.

There was only one place that he wanted to be back on the turf with the rest of
the Packers while they tried to secure a fourth straight NFC North title.

Green Bay's franchise quarterback is limping into the playoffs with a smile.
Rodgers threw two touchdown passes to Randall Cobb, Eddie Lacy gashed Detroit's
defense for 100 yards, and the Packers celebrated another division championship
with a 30 20 victory Sunday.

Rodgers will appreciate a week off after the win, as the Packers (12 4) earned a
bye. Detroit (11 5) starts the postseason at Dallas next week.

"It's clearly an MVP performance another MVP performance by Aaron Rodgers,"
coach Mike McCarthy said. Rodgers won the award in 2011.

Rodgers was carted to the locker room after tossing his first score to Cobb late
in the second quarter. Rodgers tweaked the calf during the previous game at
Tampa Bay.

This injury came in a different spot in the calf, Rodgers said.

In the locker room while getting treatment, Rodgers said he was thinking about
"if I could finagle myself to go back in the game."

He hobbled back on to the field in the third quarter with the game tied at 14.

"I just felt like if I got in there, it might give us a little jolt," Rodgers
said.

The jolt soon followed. A seven play, 60 yard drive ended with a 13 yard score
to Cobb for a 21 14 lead. The Packers didn't look back.

Rodgers plunged across the goal line from 1 yard with 8:45 left to help Green
Bay regain a two touchdown lead. "MVP! MVP" chanted adoring fans while light
snow dusted Lambeau Field.

Rodgers finished 17 of 22 for 226 yards. He was out of the game for about a
seven minute stretch during the second and third quarters. In between, Calvin
Johnson had touchdown catches of 4 and 20 yards on consecutive drives to help
the Lions roar back from a 14 0 deficit.

Detroit hasn't won a division title since 1993. It hasn't won a road game
against the Packers since 1991. For a few moments while Rodgers was out, it
looked like both those streaks might end.

Instead, the Packers were victorious again at Lambeau and finished the regular
season 8 0 at home.

The Lions drew within 30 20 with 1:45 left after Matthew Stafford connected with
Theo Riddick for a 6 yard touchdown. But Riddick's two point conversion run
failed, Tramon Williams recovered the ensuing onside kick and Green Bay ran out
the clock.

Stafford finished 20 of 41 for 217 yards.

The Lions head home at least with the comfort that they had clinched a playoff
berth regardless of Sunday's outcome just the second playoff appearance since
2000.

"We're 11 5, and it's a new season," coach Jim Caldwell said. "None that stuff
matters. We've got to look forward."

They could have accomplished so much more if not for some painful mistakes.

After blocking Mason Crosby's 52 yard field goal attempt, the Lions lost the
ball when Stafford fumbled on what looked like an aborted handoff to Joique
Bell. The Packers cashed in with Rodgers' 1 yard sneak.

"It was just on our part, self inflicted wounds, and we know that," cornerback
Rashean Mathis said. "But kudos to them, they did make plays."

LOAD-DATE: January 01, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers gets off a pass before
Detroit Lions defensive end Jason Jones can disrupt it in the second quarter
Sunday at Lambeau Field. Mike McGinnis, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Observer (London)  (England)

                               September 13, 2009

>: Do I look like the world's most feared restaurant critic?: For five years
Frank Bruni held one of the most powerful jobs in the US media - as restaurant
critic of the New York Times. Part reluctant gourmand, part undercover agent, he
recalls what it was like eating out every night of the week. It wasn't as much
fun as it sounds...

SECTION: OBSERVER FOOD MONTHLY; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 3650 words


PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKE MCGREGOR

Frank Bruni photographed at Katz's Delicatessen in Manhattan

I got the phone call in early January 2004, as I looked out over the uncertain
expanse of a new year.

I was in my office in Rome, and I was probably drinking an espresso. An espresso
allowed me to consume something without consuming anything of caloric
consequence, to finagle a pleasure along the lines of eating without actually
eating. And the acids and caffeine in it revved up my metabolism. I had read
that somewhere. Or maybe I had simply made it up and then, as with so many of
the greater and lesser food lies I'd told myself, made the decision to believe
it.

On the other end of the line was an editor at the New York Times . I worked for
the foreign news desk, keeping one eye on a sinking Venice, the other on a
flagging pope. She supervised several "soft" sections: the style pages, the home
pages and - the reason for her call - the dining pages. I assessed prime
ministers; she, prime beef.

But she had a thought about that. She had an idea. She wanted to know: how did I
feel about eating for a living?

Eating for a living?

Without meaning to, I laughed.

She didn't appreciate the robust absurdity of what she was asking, the big, fat
irony of whom she was asking.

She hadn't laid eyes on me for the better part of a decade. She wasn't clued in
to what had happened to me during that time: the way I'd given in to my crazy
hungers and crazier habits; how large I'd grown - to as much as 19 stone; how
long I'd been trapped at that size, in that sadness; how determinedly I'd
slogged my way back to a leaner, better place.

And then I told her I'd consider it.

It wasn't likely to go anywhere, anyway. I knew more about papal encyclicals
than about Peking duck, and had no more reason to believe I'd get this
restaurant-critic job than to believe I'd be anointed the next pope. It was a
harmless fantasy.

And then it wasn't.

Just weeks after that first call came another: the job was mine if I wanted it.

Did I?

Maybe, I thought, this decision is insane. But it was also irresistible, even
poetic, the kind of ultimate dare or dead reckoning that a good narrative called
for. My life-defining relationship, after all, wasn't with a parent, a sibling,
a teacher, a mate. It was with my stomach. And among all the doubts,
insecurities and second-guessing that had so often shadowed me, there was one
certainty, one constant. I could eat.

I was supposed to review one restaurant every week, and I was supposed to visit
every restaurant I reviewed at least three or, better yet, four times. Meanwhile
I was supposed to acquaint or reacquaint myself with restaurants integral to
understanding the ones being reviewed, and I was also supposed to try
restaurants that might, after one or even two visits, prove too inconsequential
to be written about.

With only seven nights in a week, I pretty much had to use all of them for
dinners out in order to make the maths work. On some weeks I could throw a lunch
or two into the equation, but the vast majority of restaurants really weren't
judged best at lunchtime.

As a restaurant critic, I discovered I needed to be more than just a gourmand. I
had to become a concierge, a cruise director, a counsellor, a covert operations
agent.

For every visit to a restaurant I used a fake name and typically reserved a
table for four. I needed three companions to order different dishes and help me
cover as much of the restaurant's menu as possible. If I was making my first
visit, I usually laid down only one rule for my tablemates: no duplicate orders.
If I was making my second or third visit, I'd call out the dishes that had been
previously tried and shouldn't be ordered this time around.

How to try a bit of everyone's food? I preferred to have everyone rotate the
plates, even though it was attention-getting. At three- or five- or seven-minute
intervals, determined by how quickly the fastest eaters were going through their
food, I'd chirp: "Let's pass!" At least I'd try to chirp this, in an upbeat
fashion, to avoid feeling as much like a petty culinary dictator as I was. I'd
decree a clockwise or counterclockwise motion for the plate passing, usually in
accordance with whether I was most eager to try the dish to my left or the one
to my right. And I discovered that people in mid-conversation and mid-Chardonnay
tend not to have the best sense of direction. What had been intended as a
stealthy transfer devolved into a tabletop version of Twister.

How to remember what I ate and liked? At first I kept tiny pages of notepaper,
along with a pen, in one of my pockets and paid frequent visits to the bathroom
in order to scribble on them. Then I realised I could use my phone to send text
messages to myself. Or I could step into the bathroom to call myself and give
dictation to my voice mailbox. Later that night or the next day, I'd transcribe
the dictation into a computer file.

I had many pseudonymous cards, acquired via a special arrangement between the
Times and American Express. I got more than one, and changed an old batch for a
new batch every so often, because I'd been warned that restaurants that had
figured me out might write down details about my visit - including the name on
the fake card - and pass them to other restaurants.

What I'd do instead was surreptitiously give one of the fake cards to a
companion, hoping the restaurant would assume that the card actually belonged to
him or her. It was a flawed ruse, because no matter how well the companion
understood the game being played, he or she almost always did this: held the
card up high, stared at it long and hard, squinted, and said, too loudly: "Who
am I? Joseph Mazzone? How did you come up with that name?"

There was a reason most people didn't go into the spying business. They had no
aptitude for it.

And my own aptitude? It came and went, waxed and waned, serving me well with
certain of my covert operations, less well with others. And it was attended,
always, by the feeling that I was living a surreal life, which I found
alternately exhilarating, exasperating, nifty, and just plain silly. Not silly
because it was unimportant: the job seemed to me very important, in terms of how
seriously many New Yorkers regarded restaurants, in terms of how seriously I
myself regarded them. Silly because, by a quirk of fate and in a matter of
weeks, I'd gone from political analyst and papal chronicler to gastronomic
double agent.

I adjusted immediately to the reality of caller ID, making sure my number was
blocked whenever I contacted a restaurant from home or from my mobile phone. I
adjusted immediately to the need, when the restaurant asked for a callback
number, to blurt out a plausible but imagined sequence of digits so that there'd
be no actual phone number that might be recognised.

But the tricky part for me, the part I kept screwing up, was coming up with the
fake reservation name. It had to be a different fake name almost every time,
because if a restaurant did spot me, it might put the name under which I had
reserved on a list - for future reference and for other restaurateurs - of
"tells" that I might be coming. I had a boundless world of possibilities open to
me, yet I repeatedly, by virtue of some persistent tic, failed to decide on a
fake name beforehand, then froze and went blank while on the phone. I was
usually at a desk when this happened, and desks usually had books, so I dined
out in these early days as Mr Webster and Mr Roget, Mr Fodor and Mr Frommer, Mr
Wharton and Mr Eliot, Mr Didion and Mr Turow, though never as Mr Naipaul,
because I didn't want to present a face at odds with the

ethnic suggestion of the name.

There were movies in my head, so I dined out as Mr Pitt, as Mr Crowe, and as Mr
Stiller, though I really screwed up on that last

one. When the reservationist asked me for a first name, I blurted out what
instantly came to mind - which was Ben.

I turned one day to the online Eater, a gossipy report on restaurant news and
restaurant-world personalities, and saw an item headlined "To catch a critic:
the case of the kitchen flyer".

It presented a snapshot and description of a piece of paper that apparently hung
in many a restaurant kitchen and was meant to help the staff recognise me when I
was dining there. At the top of the flyer was a fuzzy copy of an old photograph
of me. Below that was a list of six aliases and two fake phone numbers I'd been
known to use. And below that were some

descriptions.

"He looks very young," said the first line of the description, and - I'll admit
it - I paused happily after reading it, then read it a second time.

"His guests are very often female," the description continued. "He is extremely
polite with staff." Here I paused again, this time for my mother. She'd always
been adamant about proper etiquette. She would have been thrilled.

The flyer finished: "Questions about food are asked in a very casual, unassuming
manner." This was true, and this was on purpose. For all that I messed up, I
wasn't about to press servers for the specifics of a dish's ingredients in a
rapt way that tipped my hand. I wasn't that clueless.

The flyer was only a part of it.

Sometimes I'd be sitting at a table near the front of a restaurant and I'd
notice someone walk in the door, look in the direction of my table, loiter for
just a few minutes. Minutes later the person would leave, without having had so
much as a glass of water. And days later I'd see that person again - standing at
the host station of a new restaurant that critics, like me, were in the process
of visiting. Managers at restaurants that had spotted me would instantly send
word out to peers in nearby establishments so they could hustle over and see me
in the flesh.

When I was legitimately spotted, I usually knew it. The table's server became
awkwardly stiff while other servers drew close to the table, no doubt because
management had told them to take a good look so they could assist in my
detection on any future visits.

I was a magnet, when recognised, for extreme solicitousness. If it was raining
the manager would shove an umbrella on me. On my way out there'd be half a dozen
workers of various altitudes lined up like flight attendants to say "Goodbye",
"Hope you enjoyed your evening" or "We look forward to seeing you again". I
never believed that last line. It was contradicted by

the gust of relief I'd hear as the door closed behind me.

Toward the end of my fourth and final meal at Nobu 57 I returned from the
bathroom with a dark splotch on the front of my shirt. Embarrassed, I explained
to my companions that I had been klutzy with the soap dispenser. A few minutes
later, when our eavesdropping waitress brought the bill, she announced that two
glasses of white wine weren't on it. They'd been removed as an apology for the
way the bathroom soap dispenser malfunctioned.

"But it didn't malfunction," I assured her. "I malfunctioned. I banged way too
hard on it and was leaning too close to it."

I didn't insist that the wine be added back and instead covered its cost with an
extra-large tip. I got up to leave.

As I walked toward the door, a manager intercepted me.

"Sir," he said, "I want to apologise about our soap dispenser."

I corrected him. Exonerated him. Told him he really, really needn't worry.

He handed me his card. "Even so," he said, "if you have trouble getting the
shirt clean, please contact me. We can pay for dry cleaning or for a new shirt."

At this point I felt the need to draw attention to a crucial detail that
suggested that the splotch would come out easily.

"It's soap," I said.

To which the manager added, with audible pride: "And it is Kiehl's."

But being recognised didn't mean that I couldn't see a restaurant accurately.
Most flaws couldn't be hidden at the last minute. A restaurant couldn't reinvent
its menu or find a new purveyor of better ingredients just because a critic
showed up. I got undercooked fish and overcooked pasta in places that knew full
well I was there.

I kept a distance, as best I could, from the restaurateurs and chefs in my
sights. Part of what had made me attractive to my bosses at the Times as a
reviewer was my independence: I hadn't forged any relationships with prominent
figures in the New York restaurant world. I didn't have friends I might not want
to insult or people I owed any special consideration.

But that didn't stop chefs, restaurateurs, and their emissaries from trying to
influence me. Before one review appeared, the mother of the restaurant's chef
emailed to fill me in on the life of hardship he'd overcome. "Sorry if I
compromise you in your profession," she wrote, then went on to tell me about the
recent grave illness of the chef's father, about his own health problems, about
his fierce work ethic, and about how little he slept. A day later the chef
emailed me and I heard about his father's health problems again. I'd already
written my review, which was mostly positive, and decided on a rating - two
stars. I didn't know if that was a star less or more than the chef and his
mother were hoping for. I tried not to think about it.

In one fancy restaurant, as my companions and I waited for our desserts, the
owner walked right up to our table. "These are my four stars," he began as he
held his iPhone towards me to show me images of children, presumably his.

Four stars? Was he making a reference to reviews, acknowledging what I did for
work and what I was doing - and deciding - right then and there, in his
restaurant?

He kept scrolling through the images, talking how much he'd risked by pouring
his money into the restaurant. Then, eliminating any doubt that he was trying to
guilt-trip me, he said: "We're really hoping for a positive review."

The steak had been sauced too lavishly. The pork chop hadn't been any juicier
than a dog's chew toy. I winced inwardly, because I knew that he was likely
aiming for three stars and I was about to give the restaurant one. My main
obligation was to be honest with readers.

But at times like this I wasn't eager to be. At times like this the job made me
feel a little sick.

On one memorable occasion, after a poor review, the restaurant owner Jeffrey
Chodorow sent a letter to the Times . He reportedly paid a premium of $40,000
for the letter to appear as a full-page advertisement in the spot of his
choosing, opposite my weekly column. In it Chodorow claimed that my review was
off base, mean-

spirited and one in a series of "personal attacks" by me and a few other
critics. And he maintained that the issue wasn't just my review, but all of my
reviews, and that I was flatly unqualified

for the job.

Maybe, I told myself, his letter wouldn't draw much notice.

It did. There were articles about it by the Associated Press, the Washington
Post and the New Yorker , among others. To my relief most of them portrayed
Chodorow as a hothead and took little or no exception to my review or my
performance as a critic. But I was nonetheless left with a problem.

Chodorow said that the next time I was seen in one of his restaurants, he would
have me thrown out. He was offering a free vacation to any employee who ousted
me. And yet he was about to open a new place, Wild Salmon. If I didn't write a
review it might seem that I was running away from him. I had to figure out how
to dine repeatedly in a restaurant from which I had been officially barred.

I contacted John, a friend who owned the salon atop Bergdorf Goodman in midtown
and had many associates in the theatre business. He chose a wig in a lighter
shade than my natural hair colour. Then he went about taming and sculpting it. I
was sure that during the coming dinner, I'd tilt my head forward to glance into
my chowder and the squirrel would drop from my head to the bowl.

"Are you sure this won't fly off?" I asked Marco.

"Maybe in a hurricane," he said.

I studied my image in the mirror. I no longer had to wonder what sort of
offspring Andy Warhol and Farrah Fawcett might have produced. I was looking at
him.

I made my three companions enter just ahead of me, an advance guard. I kept my
head low. At the table I took a seat that put my back to the open kitchen.
Whenever the waiter approached, I buried my face in the menu. Patty, Jason, and
Michelle passed me bites of their appetisers and entrees quickly, and furtively:
there was no rotating of plates. At the end Jason paid the check with his real
credit card.

And we got away with it. The staff at Wild Salmon hadn't known I was there. I
was certain not just because I hadn't been ejected, but because no one in the
restaurant had paid an iota of extra attention to us and because our server had
recommended certain dishes by saying that they'd been praised in early reviews
of the

restaurant. That comment and many of his others weren't the kind a server would
make to a known critic.

I ate with old friends and new friends and even, on a few occasions,
celebrities, because some of them were food lovers who thought my job was
glamorous. I ate with strangers who'd paid $6,000 at a charity auction. I ate
with dates. I ate in the service of contrived journalistic experiments. On a
three-day trip to gastronomically advancing Atlantic City, I hit seven
restaurants, fitting in that many by having two dinners on Thursday, another two
on Friday, and three in a row on Saturday.

I also ate at places of less lofty repute. I checked out Hooters because I'd
heard the chicken wings were excellent - that turned out to be an exaggeration.
I repeatedly visited the steakhouse in the Penthouse (as in magazine) Executive
Club because I'd heard the aged beef there was exceptional - that turned out to
be no exaggeration at all - and I thought an actual review of the restaurant
might be entertaining and worthwhile. A woman who identified herself as Foxy
approached my table to hawk neck and shoulder massages at $20 apiece.

"Foxy," I began, then stopped myself, wondering if I was being too familiar.
"Are you and I on a first-name basis, or should I address you as

Ms Foxy?"

"You can call me Dr Foxy," she said.

"Is that an MD or a PhD?"

"Yes," she answered, as if that settled it.

My point is that I ate out almost as often as a person could, seven nights on
many weeks and more than once a night on occasion. And most of these meals
weren't anything like a typical diner's, because a typical diner didn't get
every possible course at every restaurant while also sampling the bread basket -
the bread, after all, might be worthy of special praise or derision - and
partaking of the petits fours, should the restaurant be the kind in which they
were served. A typical diner could pick and choose his pleasures, focusing on
starches if he liked to carbo-load, meats if he was on a carnivorous tear.

I had to sample it all.

And in order to work my way through a restaurant's entire menu over the span of
several visits and to try at least a few dishes twice, I sometimes ordered even
more than the three or four courses that the place served. I might ask for two
kinds of the wood-oven pizza, which most other diners selected as an appetiser
or entree, as pre-appetiser snacks for the foursome in which I was eating. I
might then ask for a fifth communal appetiser in addition to the four individual
ones we'd ordered, and I might ask for a fifth communal dessert.

None of these meals could be constructed in a way that reflected health or
weight concerns. If the restaurant took pride in its 20 ounce rib-eye, I took
the measure of that steak. If fettucine with a heavy cream sauce and a blizzard
of pancetta was on the menu, it would also be on my table during one of my
visits. But I'd abandon the double-cut pork chop after two bites from its edge,
where the meat had a band of fat attached to it, and three bites from its
centre, which was the best gauge of whether the meat was over- or undercooked.
That was all the pork chop I needed, and afterward just a half of one of the
three large profiteroles would do. By the end of a given evening I'd have eaten
a full meal - really, a fuller than full meal - but I hadn't staged the kind of
bacchanal a less frequent diner often does in a serious restaurant on a big
night out.

I approached the most wildly caloric days and potentially ruinous meals as
dares, my task to get a fair sense of everything without pushing the calories
any higher than I had to. It wasn't exactly easy, but it wasn't all that hard,
because I knew that another big meal, probably a good one, maybe even a great
one, would come along the next day, and again the day after that.

At many dinners I didn't want to hold back, because there was so much pleasure
to be had: in the terrines at Bar Boulud, which leaned harder on heavily salted,
glorious animal fat

than Starbucks did on coffee beans; in Convivio's handmade pastas, including
fusilli - how I loved fusilli! - sauced with crumbled pork shoulder and melted
caciocavallo, a mild, milky Italian cheese.

The certainty of my eating in the evenings dictated and set the terms for
everything else: the times and sizes of the day's other meals; the week's tally
of workouts (five on average, two with trainers and three on my own). My
reviewing life gave me a firm, clear structure, which was precisely what diets
were supposed to do. But diets had framed all eating in terms of what I couldn't
or shouldn't have. They might wrap permissive-sounding verbiage around their
prescriptions, but I still experienced them as exercises in prohibition. Who
didn't? The structure I had now was based on indulgence, on what I must have,
and that made all the difference. I was celebrating instead of abusing food. In
so many chapters of my life I'd seen food as the enemy; now it was more a
friend. OFM

Extracted from Frank Bruni's new book, Born Round: The Secret History of a
Full-Time Eater (Penguin Press), which is available on www.

amazon.co.uk; see www.bornround.com

Bruni interviewing President Bush on Airforce One, pre- restaurant critic days


LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Fry was in the right place

BYLINE: Rob Vanstone, The Leader-Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 712  words


Rob Fry tends to be in the middle of memorable on-court celebrations.

On Feb. 18, the Grade 12 point guard helped the Luther Lions senior boys
basketball team win the Luther Invitational Tournament for the first time since
1990.

On Sunday, Fry found his way on to the court at America West Arena as Steve Nash
and the Phoenix Suns rejoiced over a 107-102 NBA playoff conquest of the Los
Angeles Lakers.

"Those are two of the best days of my life,'' Fry said from Tucson, Ariz., where
he spent spring break with the family of Lions teammate Connor Hewson.

Fry attended his first NBA game after going online and paying $180 US for a seat
which was regularly $100.

"I went on the floor after the game,'' Fry said. "I snuck by a security guard
and touched Nash and took a picture of him.

"I took a picture a foot away from his face. Then I just touched his back when
he was walking away. I gave him a pat on the back. He was surrounded by a lot of
people, like media and stuff.''

How did Fry manage to finagle his way on to the court?

"I went down (near courtside) because I was about Row 16,'' Fry explained.
"There was a timeout with about five seconds left, so I went down to the bottom
and this lady just kept telling me to go back up and said I didn't belong there.

"Then there was a lot of traffic and six people walked by with VIP passes, so I
just strolled in behind them and she didn't even notice. I was on the floor and
everyone had VIP passes except for me. I was hoping that none of the big
security guards saw that. I was out there for about five minutes. I walked by
(Suns players) Shawn Marion and Tim Thomas, too. It was sweet.''

The same description applies to the news he received from Luther alumnus Nathan
Schellenberg -- an assistant to Huskies men's basketball head coach Greg Jockims
-- shortly before LIT.

Schellenberg told Fry of the Huskies' interest, which was mutual. As a result,
Fry is ticketed for the U of S.

Fry played for University of Regina Cougars men's basketball coach James Hillis
and his assistants, Steve Burrows and Mick Panko, while with Team Saskatchewan
at the 2005 Canada Summer Games. That team also included Saskatoon Holy Cross
Crusaders point guard Chris Bodnar, who was recently recruited by Hillis.

Knowing that the Cougars had landed Bodnar, Fry decided to gauge the Huskies'
interest. He was soon contacted by Schellenberg.

"I owe a lot to coaches Hillis, Burrows and Panko for helping me to kind of
shine a bit by getting that spot on the Canada Games team,'' Fry said. "I was a
10th or 11th guy on that team, but them keeping me on their roster helped me
appeal a bit more to the Huskies.''

Fry hopes his troublesome right shoulder, which has been dislocated nine times
since Grade 9, can withstand the rigours of CIS basketball. He had surgery three
weeks ago and is hoping to be ready to play by July.

Despite the recurrent shoulder injuries, Fry kept shooting for an opportunity to
play university basketball.

"I just kind of had my eye on the goal,'' said the son of Luther College
chaplain Larry Fry. "My dad and I are pretty close. He was always there with me
when we were having those rough times, along with my mom and my whole family.

"My dad has always kept pushing me to keep my head up and stay positive. He
takes me in (to Luther) in the mornings to work out and play basketball and work
on my game before school. He opens the gym for me.

"In my Grade 10 year, it was LIT time and I wasn't able to play because it was
three months from my (first shoulder) surgery. I remember playing three hours
before school three days in a row -- Thursday, Friday and Saturday -- and then
having to sit on the bench during those games at night. That feeling of
disappointment from sitting out those games kind of pushed me for the next
couple of years.''

- - -

HIGH NOTE: The Regina High Schools Athletic Association badminton championships
are to be co-hosted by Riffel and Winston Knoll on Friday and Saturday. Singles
matches are to be held Friday from 4 p.m. until about 9:30 p.m. Doubles matches
are slated for Saturday, when competition is to run from 8 a.m. until around 4
p.m.

(Around The High Schools returns May 22. If you have a comment or a suggestion,
call Rob Vanstone at 781-5216 or e-mail him at rvanstone@leaderpost.canwest.com)

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             October 1, 2006 Sunday
                          CHARLOTTE ENGLEWOOD EDITION

What is $14,000 per day getting us?

BYLINE: Eric Ernst

SECTION: B SECTION; Comment; Pg. BCE1

LENGTH: 411 words


Murdock Village is costing us about $14,000 a day right now.

That's the interest on the $92 million Charlotte County had to borrow to buy the
land that will eventually, if all works out, become a trendy residential/retail
subdivision in northwest Port Charlotte.

That much we know.

Exactly how and when we'll get our money back is a little less clear.

Yes, the county commissioners have pegged Stock Development of Naples as their
partner in designing and redeveloping the 1,100 acres. They liked Stock's
overall concept and payment schedule as presented in the company's proposal
submitted months ago.

What we saw, however, may not be what we get. Both sides are negotiating a
contract. And we can rest assured Stock will try to finagle payment schedules
and construction timetables to its benefit, which may not be ours.

The recent downturn in the real estate market only exacerbates the situation.

According to sources close to the negotiations, Stock already has floated the
idea of buying the land piecemeal, reassessing at each juncture. And the
company's negotiators have implied that elements of its earlier proposal were
presented merely as examples of how things could be done and on what time frame.

Considering the county's debt, which means our debt, slight deviations in
payment deadlines could cost us hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Stock got the nod over two other legitimate contenders in great part because the
company promised to erase the county's debt the quickest.

The company's shift in assurances probably falls short of a classic bait and
switch, but if county negotiators concede too much, the company's proposal
certainly loses its original luster.

Maybe this is nothing to alarm us -- just business as usual at the negotiating
table. County Administrator Bruce Loucks and attorney Janette Knowlton lead the
county team. They know the score.

But it's hard to forget David Waltemath of New Orleans. In the early '90s,
Waltemath came on at the end of a real estate boom to help Punta Gorda redevelop
its former municipal mobile home park on the Peace River. He spent the next
decade making excuses for why he couldn't fulfill his promises, while the City
Council spent its time defending a poorly worded contract that let him get away
with it.

The city finally paid him to leave town.

At least Punta Gorda owned its riverfront land outright.

We can't afford a Waltemath recurrence in Murdock Village, not with $92 million
in debt hanging over our heads.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 11, 1994, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ALL OF US CAN PLAN FOR TAXES

BYLINE: Mark Schwanhausser 1994, San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 13D

LENGTH: 360 words


If you're like millions of Americans, "tax planning" is an oxymoron. You don't
plan, you react. When tax season dawns, you search your 1040 booklet, newspaper,
tax software or tax guide for overlooked deductions.

Chances are you're thinking: What kind of tax planning can real people do
anyway?

Plenty. Painlessly. Simply. Wisely. Indeed, real people stand to benefit the
most from the three best "loopholes" to survive the 1986 tax overhaul: buying a
house, funding a retirement account and using a pretax flexible-spending plan
for dependent care and health care.

"Tax planning in April means you finagle tax laws to save hundreds of dollars,
not thousands," said Mary L. Sprouse, a tax lawyer and author of "The Money 1994
Income Tax Handbook." "If you can afford it, these (strategies) have the biggest
dollar impact . . . deductions worth thousands of dollars."

The secret is to take advantage of hefty tax deductions and the pretax
deductions. Buying a house chisels down your tax liability because mortgage
interest and property taxes are deductible. Contributions to retirement accounts
can bite into your taxable income, can grow tax-deferred and often trigger
matching contributions from your employer. And flexible-spending plans divert
income and put it to work before the government takes a slice.

Consider this, says Jeffrey Hecht, an enrolled agent in Fremont, Calif.:

"Would you turn down a raise of $ 2,250? Are you so interested in reducing the
deficit that you'll give money to the government?"

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 19, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

CHRONICLE

BYLINE: By NADINE BROZAN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 4;  Column 3;  Style Desk

LENGTH: 203 words


There's more than one way to pay an opera director, or so JULIUS RUDEL learned
more than 30 years ago when he conducted the American premiere of "The Turn of
the Screw" by Benjamin Britten.

"Sometimes we have to be scavengers," he recalled recently as he prepared to
conduct a new production of the work tomorrow, Friday and Sunday at the
Manhattan School of Music Opera Theater.

"I was engaged to conduct the premiere of the work at the Cambridge Music
Festival in the summer of 1961," said Mr. Rudel, then the director of the New
York City Opera. "Everything went wonderfully, it ran for a week and at the end
of the week, instead of a paycheck, I got an announcement that the company had
gone bankrupt."

" 'O.K., I'll take the scenery in exchange,' " he recalled saying. "I wanted to
bring the work to New York somehow by hook or crook, and here was the crook. Lo
and behold, I opened it at the City Opera in March 1962. Only by a throw of the
dice was I able to finagle a New York City premiere of this very important
20th-century opera."

A new set has been built for this latest production. What happened to the old
scenery? "I dare say it's disintegrated," Mr. Rudel said.
   NADINE BROZAN

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday

BRIBING COMPANIES ISN'T THE WAY TO CREATE JOBS

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 3P

LENGTH: 783 words


Only in the Jabberwocky world of Tallahassee would a bureaucratic supernumerary
for Gov. Rick Scott, R-C-3PO, be sitting on $142 million in the bank and still
claim to be poorer than the Joad family.

But there was Bill Johnson, who heads up Enterprise Florida, practically doing
his best subway panhandler impersonation before a Senate committee, insisting he
simply needs an additional $80 million to help finagle more jobs to the state.
And great hilarity ensued.

On Scott's watch, Tallahassee has appropriated $398 million to fund various
incentive programs to attract jobs to Florida. But so far, only $38 million
actually has been awarded to companies for creating new jobs across the state.
And now Enterprise Florida, which is made up of the state's biggest big-shot
captains of industry, apparently can't give away $142 million but wants nearly
$100 million more in state money to underwrite jobs in the off chance those jobs
are created.

So much for that tired old blah-blah about running government like a business.
What private sector concern would spend millions on a product nobody wants to
buy? Better yet, how many private sector companies would leave $142 million in
an escrow account that barely pays any interest, as those brilliant financial
geniuses at Enterprise Florida have done?

Johnson bemoaned his sad lot in life, complaining that other states had
dragooned jobs away from Florida by offering more money to companies to either
create jobs or relocate employees. "Cash is king," Johnson sniffed. "I can only
deal with the amount of money I'm told I have available. Obviously I wish it was
a different number."

And great spit-takes ensued.

Does offering bribes to companies to create jobs in Florida make some sense?
Sure, although you have to wonder if part of the problem is whenever a CEO sees
Scott, the Uncle Fester of Tallahassee, walking through the door that is hardly
an appealing incentive to take up residence in Florida.

At the same time, Johnson is woefully ill-informed if he truly believes simply
throwing millions of dollars at corporations to relocate to Florida is the
primary reason to come here. There is no question Florida's climate and the
absence of a state income tax might be a draw. And then there is all the other
stuff.

For the sake of argument, imagine a CEO running down a checklist while
considering establishing a presence of Florida, perhaps even relocating a
thousand employees to the state.

What kind of public transportation is available? Uh-oh. Not so good, and it was
Scott who rejected federal high speed rail funding.

What about schools? Well, Florida public schools rank 28th nationally and let us
not forget Tallahassee's stumblebum, bizarre, garbled approach to testing that
practically turns underpaid teachers into villains.

Public health? Well, consider the state set aside nearly $400 million to lure
jobs that have yet to exist, while also refusing to accept federal Medicaid
funding to help a half-million poor Floridians who do exist.

Public safety? Oh boy! Florida is awash in guns. The state has issued at least
1.3 million concealed carry permits. The Florida Legislature is little more than
a dancing organ grinder monkey doing the bidding of the National Rifle
Association, and it looks entirely possible that pretty soon our universities
will start to look like Deadwood once Tallahassee approves concealed weapons on
campus and the open carry of weapons everywhere.

Tolerance? Let's say 10 percent of the jobs the CEO is planning to relocate
represent nonwhites. The CEO decides to take a tour of the state and as the
executive drives into Tampa from Orlando what is the first thing he or she sees?
A giant, honking, massive Confederate flag fluttering at the junction of I-4 and
I-75, advertising for all the world to see that one is now entering redneck,
yahoo, racist Gooberville.

Miscellaneous? There are Floridians who keep cobras for pets. George Zimmerman
calls Florida home. The Church of Scientology has its spiritual headquarters in
Clearwater. Florida leads the nation in identity theft. Florida leads the nation
in weird, from hanging chad to Duke Energy charging customers for a nuclear
reactor that will never be built, to the election of a governor who ran a
company that later paid a record fine for Medicare fraud. Three final words:
stand your ground.

Yet Bill Johnson can't figure why it's so hard to persuade corporations to
create jobs in Florida? And now Scott wants to sweeten the Enterprise Florida
slush fund by adding $250 million to the pot, on top of the $142 million the
state has been unable to spend because the promised jobs aren't here?

We're not known as Flori-Duh for nothing.

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Getty Images: Florida Gov. Rick Scott with Bill Johnson in
2010. Johnson heads Enterprise Florida.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Prison cells won't keep the gatecrashers out;
Punishments will just add to the thrill. of tricking your way into an A-list
party, says ex-crasher Toby Young

BYLINE: Toby Young

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 604 words


As a seasoned gatecrasher, I welcome the news that California is proposing to
jail anyone who tries to bluff their way into a showbiz party for up to a year.
With a bit of luck this will put off some of the chancers who have been giving
the profession a bad name - people like Michaele and Tareq Salahi, the Virginian
couple who crashed President Obama's White House state dinner for the Indian
prime minister last year.

The Salahis were selfpromoting socialites who publicised their exploits on
Facebook, whereas the true gatecrasher has altogether purer motives. For him
(and they are usually men) it is all about outwitting the hatchet-faced
officials - known as "clipboard Nazis" - standing guard at the entrances.

It's a game of cat-and-mouse, a bit like escaping from Colditz, except the
object is to get into a building rather than out of it. The prospect of ending
up behind bars won't put off the true aficionado, any more than the prospect of
being shot deterred would-be escapees from German prison camps.

I'm not quite in the fraternity's Hall of Fame, but I deserve an honorary
mention for managing to finagle my way into the Vanity Fair Oscar party in 1994.

Admittedly, it was the magazine's first Oscar party and back then security
wasn't as tight as it is now.

But it was no cakewalk. I came up with the not particularly cunning plan of
pretending to be William Cash, a fellow journalist who I knew had been invited
because I happened to be staying with him in Los Angeles.

He was under strict instructions not to arrive before 11.30pm, so the trick was
to turn up close enough to that time to get in, but not so close that I'd
actually bump into him standing outside.

In the event, I made it with seconds to spare and by far the best part of the
evening was watching William remonstrate with the chief clipboard from my
vantage point at the bar. Such behaviour might strike some people as caddish,
but it isn't a breach of the gatecrashers' code.

All's fair when it comes to getting into that elusive A-list event, and
pretending to be someone else - even a fellow gatecrasher - is basic tradecraft.
The reason I had no qualms about pretending to be William is because he had
often pretended to be me.

Los Angeles is the gatecrashers' Mecca, but many of us learnt our craft at
Britain's ancient universities - particularly Cambridge, where the annual May
Balls offer irresistible targets. Renting scuba equipment to travel undetected
across the Cam is not unheard of.

Another well-known ruse is to dress up as a paramedic and pretend that you're
responding to an emergency call. The satisfaction of crashing a ball is made all
the sweeter by the knowledge that the head of security is almost always a
poacher-turned-gamekeeper.

The most impressive party crash in Britain happened seven years ago when Aaron
Barschak, the self-styled comedy terrorist, scaled the walls of Windsor Castle
in a pink dress and beard to gain admittance to Prince William's 21st-birthday
celebrations.

I can't claim anything so impressive, but did manage to infiltrate the Island
Records 25th anniversary party by using the tried-and-tested technique of
pretending to be in the throes of a row with my then girlfriend as we approached
the entrance.

The natural human reluctance to get involved in a "domestic" meant the velvet
rope was lifted and we were waved through.

I'm now happily married with four children and my crashing days are behind me.
But I can't see any young bucks being put off by the threat of a year's
imprisonment. On the contrary - it will just add to the thrill.

Comment on Toby Young's view at telegraph.co.uk/personalview

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 29, 2009 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

A Match Made in Manhattan

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. Y04

LENGTH: 269 words


"Cupid"

Tuesdays at 10 p.m. on ABC

Basic story: Trevor Pierce (Bobby Cannavale, "Third Watch") claims he's the
Roman god of love, banished from the heavens until he can unite 100 couples in
true bliss. Problem is, he can only do so much matchmaking from behind the walls
of a mental institution. So with the blessing of his jaded shrink (Sarah
Paulson, "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip"), Trevor finagles his freedom. He takes
a job tending bar at a New York mariachi joint, where his singles skills (sans
sling and arrows) are tested with a new scenario in every episode. But the
question persists: Did Trevor really fall from Mount Olympus, or has he simply
fallen off his rocker?

What it faces: The hour-long romantic dramedy faces a pair of established hits
("Without a Trace" on CBS and "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit" on NBC) but
benefits from a kickin' lead-in, "Dancing With the Stars."

What you'll like: Those who remember the critically acclaimed 1998 version of
this show -- and there might not be many; it only lasted 15 episodes -- will be
glad to see it's been injected with fresh life, with nuanced storylines that
push the bounds of believability. Creator Rob Thomas ("Veronica Mars") was also
the brains behind the 1998 version, which starred Jeremy Piven as an even
crazier-acting Cupid.

What you won't: With CW's failed "Valentine" serving up a similar premise
earlier this season, America may have already had its fill of Cupidity.

Bottom line: Recycled idea or not, Cupid had us at his "Virginia Is for Lovers"
T-shirt. But this go-around, will enough viewers give the series a shot?

-- Brad Walters

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             October 14, 1998, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Paying for the Mason mess

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 492 words



The lawyers are making plenty of money trying to undo the damage caused by  the
sleazy decision last year to allow Tampa City Council member Ronnie Mason  into
the locally regulated ambulance business. The Hillsborough County Public
Transportation Commission, which approved the deal shortly after Mason  resigned
as a commission member, now is struggling to pay the legal bills  associated
with a federal criminal investigation and a civil lawsuit charging  patronage at
work.

With Hillsborough taxpayers facing a potential liability of millions of
dollars, the Mason case offers no painless solutions. The only fair course is
for the four local governments represented on the PTC - the county and the
cities of Plant City, Temple Terrace and Tampa - to pay a share of the costs  in
proportion to each's voting strength on the commission.

This solution, however unsatisfying, is the most defensible. It upholds the
public purpose in regulating taxicabs and private ambulances under a  countywide
system. Hillsborough County has three votes on the seven-member  board, and the
city of Tampa has two, which reflects the high costs of  providing transit to
the unincorporated areas and the heavy volume of taxi  service in the urban
core. A pro-rata agreement is also the most practical.  Because of their size,
budget and role in allowing Mason to finagle his  ambulance venture, the
Hillsborough County and Tampa city governments are the  agencies most likely to
pay the lion's share of the costs, anyway, in the  absence of a cost-sharing
agreement.

It is tempting to hold the four Hillsborough officials who sided with Mason  -
county commissioner Joe Chillura, Tampa City Council members Joe Greco and  Rudy
Fernandez, and Temple Terrace City Council member Frank Musolino -  responsible
for exercising such poor judgment. Yet it would be unfair to  punish the
taxpayers in Tampa and Temple Terrace disproportionately for having  the
misfortune of being represented poorly on the transit commission.

The commission needs to put aside blame, for now, and come together on a  legal
strategy that limits the financial damage to taxpayers. It should  dismiss a
wrong-headed idea, floated last month, to fob off the legal bills by  charging
taxi and ambulance companies a special assessment. These companies,
undoubtedly, would pass any such charge onto their paying customers -
essentially forcing consumers to pay for the wrongdoing of an agency
responsible for protecting their interests.

The commissioners who created this mess are now foxhole reformers. We have
little need for their ruminations on how others can avoid making a similarly
dumb decision. What the public does need is for the commission to resolve this
lawsuit quickly, and then to transfer its responsibilities to an office of
county government. Why wait for another Ronnie Mason to realize his  opportunity
to poach?

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           December 23, 2008 Tuesday
                            All But Toronto Edition

Junior tournament has grown up; Now a measure of Canada's hockey future

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; In Ottawa; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 912  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Like so many things that become grand over time, the world junior hockey
tournament started humbly enough.

Thirty-five years ago, Russian and Czech hockey federations thought it would be
a good idea to stage a world hockey championship for players under 20. They
pitched it to the International Ice Hockey Federation, with the understanding it
would be an invitational, unsanctioned tournament during a three-year test
period, from 1974-77.

I guess the IIHF liked what they saw.

For the Russians, the early world junior tournaments were just another
opportunity to show off. In that first tournament, held in Leningrad, Canada
sent over an Ontario Hockey League team, the Peterborough Petes, against a
Russian squad that featured seven future world and Olympic champion players.

It was an obvious mismatch, but Petes head coach Roger Neilson directed Canada's
first foray into the worlds, using a defensive posture to finagle a bronze medal
for his country.

Over time, Canada, and the tournament, grew more serious about this under-20 get
together. Today, Canada's best young juniors spend years preparing for world
junior competition, by first competing in under-17 and under-18 world events.

In 1978, Canada played host to the second official world junior tournament, as
the focus in Montreal shifted to a single, spectacular 16-year-old from
Brantford, Ont., by the name of Wayne Gretzky.

While the Great One stole the show by scoring 17 points in the tournament, the
Russians won again, led by defenceman Viacheslav Fetisov.

It wasn't until 1982 in Minnesota that Canada won its first gold medal, behind a
team coached by Dave King and Mike Keenan. Players such as Mike Moller, Gord
Kluzak and goaltender Mike Moffat led the way for Canada, which didn't lose a
game and outscored the opposition 45-14.

For the first 19 official world junior hockey championships, from 1977 to 1995,
the format of the event was a round-robin competition. In Boston, 12 years ago,
the championship shifted to Olympic-style medal rounds. Canada defeated Sweden
4-1 in the initial goldmedal game on Jan. 4, 1996.

While Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, Sidney Crosby and dozens of other hockey stars
made the world tournament their personal party, it was a Canadian television
network's decision to broadcast the entire tournament that made the world
juniors the big production it is today.

Looking for something to fill the holiday gap in the NHL schedule, TSN could not
have picked a better debut for its world junior programming. Saskatchewan was
playing host to the 1991 tournament, and the Canadians were led by Eric Lindros,
hyped by Canadian media as the "Next One" after Wayne and Mario.

Canada won the gold medal over the Russians, on a dramatic goal by defenceman
John Slaney of St. John's. The country was hooked.

In recent years, this tournament that started so innocently has evolved into a
multi-million-dollar business venture.

In Canada, especially, when people talk about "world junior gold," it has a
double connotation. As with our Olympic hockey teams, Canadians expect to win
the junior tournament every time out.

Gold is also a symbol of the Hockey Canada coffers being filled.

When Vancouver played host to the 2006 tournament, the city guaranteed Hockey
Canada a $5.2-million surplus. In the end, it delivered about $9-million.

The National Capital Region made a $12.5-million commitment, but expects a
financial return of about $13.6-million. In a program spearheaded by Ottawa
Senators chief operating officer and franchise cofounder Cyril Leeder, tickets
to the event were sold out one year in advance.

The cash breakdown goes something like this: Hockey Canada receives 50% of net
profits, the Canadian Hockey League (which oversees the WHL, OHL and QMJHL) gets
35% and the remaining 15% is shared among the Ottawa District Hockey Association
and the other 12 branches of Hockey Canada.

TSN is in the midst of a seven-year contract extension with Hockey Canada that
has the network broadcasting national championships and international events
through 2014.

A five-year championship run by Canada from 1993-97 fuelled expectations that
this tournament would always be Canada's to lose.

Success in the tournament has become tagged to our development of young talent.
When Canada does not have a strong showing, critics of Canada's hockey programs
come out of the woodwork.

Not coincidentally, when Canada finished out of the medals at 1998 Olympic men's
hockey tournament in Nagano, followed by a goldmedal drought at the world junior
level after 1997, Canadian media published extensive series and programming
exploring what had gone wrong with the development system here.

That issue has done a complete 180-degree turn, as other nations have come to
examine Canada's program of excellence in the men's and women's game.

In 2002, Canada's Olympic men's team, coached by Pat Quinn, this year's world
junior boss, won gold for the first time in 50 years. Though the men struggled
in Turin in 2006, the juniors are looking to repeat the run of five straight
gold from a decade ago.

To borrow a basketball phrase, it's no slam dunk, especially with so many good
juniors in the NHL, unavailable for Canada.

"Among the hockey people," Quinn says, "on a talent basis, I don't think we'll
be rated at the top ... but our goal is to be the best hockey team, and maybe
the best that Canada has ever put out there.

"Our intention is to win a gold medal and all the other stuff doesn't mean a
darn thing right now."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           December 23, 2008 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Junior achievement; No nation has won more world junior gold medals than
Canada's 14

BYLINE: Wayne Scanlan, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Wayne Scanlan; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 1053  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Like so many things that become grand over time, the world junior hockey
tournament started humbly enough.

Thirty-five years ago, Russian and Czech hockey federations thought it would be
a good idea to stage a world hockey championship for players under 20. They
pitched it to the International Ice Hockey Federation, with the understanding it
would be an invitational, unsanctioned tournament during a three-year test
period, from 1974-77.

I guess the IIHF liked what they saw.

For the Russians, the early world junior tournaments were just another
opportunity to show off. In that first tournament, held in Leningrad, Canada
sent over an Ontario Hockey League team, the Peterborough Petes, against a
Russian squad that featured seven future world and Olympic champion players.

It was an obvious mismatch, but Petes head coach Roger Neilson directed Canada's
first foray into the worlds, using a defensive posture to finagle a bronze medal
for his country.

Over time, Canada, and the tournament, grew more serious about this under-20 get
together. Today, Canada's best young juniors spend years preparing for world
junior competition, by first competing in under-17 and under-18 world events.

In 1978, Canada played host to the second official world junior tournament, as
the focus in Montreal shifted to a single, spectacular 16-year-old from
Brantford, Ont., by the name of Wayne Gretzky.

While the Great One stole the show by scoring 17 points in the tournament, the
Russians won again, led by defenceman Viacheslav Fetisov.

It wasn't until 1982 in Minnesota that Canada won its first gold medal, behind a
team coached by Dave King and Mike Keenan. Players such as Mike Moller, Gord
Kluzak and goaltender Mike Moffat led the way for Canada, which didn't lose a
game and outscored the opposition 45-14.

For the first 19 official world junior hockey championships, from 1977 to 1995,
the format of the event was a round-robin competition. In Boston, 12 years ago,
the championship shifted to Olympic-style medal rounds. Canada defeated Sweden
4-1 in the initial gold-medal game on Jan. 4, 1996.

While Gretzky, Mario Lemieux, Sidney Crosby and dozens of other hockey stars
made the world tournament their personal party, it was a Canadian television
network's decision to broadcast the entire tournament that made the world
juniors the big production it is today.

Looking for something to fill the holiday gap in the NHL schedule, TSN could not
have picked a better debut for its world junior programming. Saskatchewan was
playing host to the 1991 tournament, and the Canadians were led by Eric Lindros,
hyped by Canadian media as the "Next One" after Wayne and Mario.

Canada won the gold medal over the Russians, on a dramatic goal by defenceman
John Slaney of St. John's. The country was hooked.

In recent years, this tournament that started so innocently has evolved into a
multi-million-dollar business venture.

In Canada, especially, when people talk about "world junior gold," it has a
double connotation. As with our Olympic hockey teams, Canadians expect to win
the junior tournament every time out.

Gold is also a symbol of the Hockey Canada coffers being filled.

When Vancouver played host to the 2006 tournament, the city guaranteed Hockey
Canada a $5.2-million surplus. In the end, it delivered about $9-million.

The National Capital Region made a $12.5-million commitment, but expects a
financial return of about $13.6-million. In a program spearheaded by Ottawa
Senators chief operating officer and franchise co-founder Cyril Leeder, tickets
to the event were sold out one year in advance.

The cash breakdown goes something like this: Hockey Canada receives 50% of net
profits, the Canadian Hockey League (which oversees the WHL, OHL and QMJHL) gets
35% and the remaining 15% is shared among the Ottawa District Hockey Association
and the other 12 branches of Hockey Canada.

TSN is in the midst of a seven-year contract extension with Hockey Canada that
has the network broadcasting national championships and international events
through 2014.

A five-year championship run by Canada from 1993-97 fuelled expectations that
this tournament would always be Canada's to lose.

Success in the tournament has become tagged to our development of young talent.
When Canada does not have a strong showing, critics of Canada's hockey programs
come out of the woodwork.

Not coincidentally, when Canada finished out of the medals at 1998 Olympic men's
hockey tournament in Nagano, followed by a gold-medal drought at the world
junior level after 1997, Canadian media published extensive series and
programming exploring what had gone wrong with the development system here.

That issue has done a complete 180-degree turn, as other nations have come to
examine Canada's program of excellence in the men's and women's game.

In 2002, Canada's Olympic men's team, coached by Pat Quinn, this year's world
junior boss, won gold for the first time in 50 years. Though the men struggled
in Turin in 2006, the juniors are looking to repeat the run of five straight
gold from a decade ago.

To borrow a basketball phrase, it's no slam dunk, especially with so many good
juniors in the NHL, unavailable for Canada.

"Among the hockey people," Quinn says, "on a talent basis, I don't think we'll
be rated at the top ... but our goal is to be the best hockey team, and maybe
the best that Canada has ever put out there.

"Our intention is to win a gold medal and all the other stuff doesn't mean a
darn thing right now."

Some amateur scouts say Canada needs to be fearful of the United States this
year.

"They're bigger, stronger, older than Canada," said one scout.

Another NHL hockey operations director who scouted the Four Nations tournament
in Sweden says the biggest threat to Canada will come from Sweden and the U. S.

Canada's goaltending is considered a question mark by some. While Chet Pickard
and Dustin Tokarski have the ability to rise up and backstop a championship
tournament, they aren't the dominant presence Carey Price was two years ago.

Last year, Steve Mason was outstanding for Canada. Pick a year when the
Canadians won gold, and you'll find a tremendous performance by the starting
goaltender.

No nation has won more world junior gold medals than Canada's 14.

Winning No. 15, and a fifth consecutive championship, might be the toughest one
yet.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Shaun Best, Reuters; Team Canada players will be looking to kiss
the championship trophy next month like Ryan O'Marra did after his team defeated
Russia to win the gold medal at the 2007 World Junior Hockey Championships in
Sweden. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Schools' calendar tweaked

BYLINE: SHERRI ACKERMAN, sackerman@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 460 words


The board votes to reduce early-release days and go back to June 10 as the final
day.

By SHERRI ACKERMAN

sackerman@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - Barring an act of God, the Hillsborough County school calendar is a done
deal.

School board members voted unanimously Tuesday to adjust the calendar they
adopted just a week ago.

This one has fewer early-release days, and the last day of school again falls on
a Friday, June 10. But the calendar lacks a backup plan for hurricanes or other
occurrences that force schools to close.

"There is no wiggle room in our calendar," said Superintendent MaryEllen Elia,
who warned that the school district might have to finagle days again.

Tuesday's changes came on the heels of criticism from parents and even school
board members caught off guard when they learned that in approving employee
contracts, they moved the last day of school to a Monday, June 13.

"We did not approve a calendar," board member April Griffin said Tuesday. "We
voted on a number of days."

The fix: decreasing the number of student days from 181 to 180, keeping June 10
as the last day of classes and changing two early-release days - May 25 and June
8 - to full days.

In addition, Florida State Fair day and Florida Strawberry Festival day now are
planning days instead of holidays for teachers at participating schools.
Students on the west side of the county still will have a day off for the
Florida State Fair, and those on the east side will have a day off for the
Strawberry Festival.

Students and teachers still have off the week of Thanksgiving, and Oct. 29 and
Feb. 21 will remain school days, as approved last week.

"It's a good compromise," said Shannon Figley, who is among a group of parents
against early-release days. "It seems as all of our efforts have not been for
naught."

Griffin said administrators did not follow proper procedure and include a
calendar with the contracts.

But Deputy Superintendent Dan Valdes said the district had two executive
meetings before last week's board meeting where calendar changes were discussed.

Moving the last day of school was a consequence of limiting early-release days
and offering teachers and students a break in March, he said.

"We changed it," Valdes said. "It was wrong. We fixed it."

Board member Candy Olson was not present at Tuesday's meeting, but the rest of
the board approved a new property tax rate and adopted the district's $2.9
billion budget.

The district will collect $7.59 for every $1,000 of taxable property. That's
down from last year's $7.69 but still the maximum rate allowed by law.

Reporter Sherri Ackerman can be reached at (813) 259-7144.

Photo: MaryEllen Elia

Photo: April Griffin

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 20, 2006 Thursday

HEARD THIS ONE?

BYLINE: Compiled by John Ryan, Mercury News

SECTION: BRIEFS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 268 words

Hair-razing saga

If Steve Nash is anything like Samson (and we don't mean Ralph Sampson), there
go his chances of threepeating as the NBA's MVP. The Phoenix Suns' point guard
and Santa Clara University alum, famous for his flowing mane, showed up at a
basketball camp in Vancouver with a buzz cut.

``I just cut it,'' he said. ``I don't really have a rhyme or reason. I felt like
taking it off.''

ON THE AIR

Wright wronged?

In a commercial that aired during a game Saturday, Mets third baseman David
Wright encouraged fans to attend the ``Salvation Miracles Revival Crusade'' with
faith healer Dr. Jaerock Lee at Madison Square Garden. According to the team,
the good doctor got someone to finagle a press pass and talk to Wright on the
field, and because of the press pass, Wright assumed the Mets had approved the
spot.

After all these years, proof that Barry Bonds is right to only talk to people in
business with him.

FANTASY SPORTS

Batter's up

According to ESPN.com, Padres first baseman Adrian Gonzalez is owned in only 43
percent of dual leagues. Get him before it's too late. Gonzalez hit a mere .250
through May, with five home runs and 20 RBIs. Since then he's at .327/13/29, and
his seven home runs in July are tied with Chipper Jones for the league lead.

RANDOM THOUGHTS NOW I GET IT: CUBS THIRD-BASE COACH CHRIS SPEIER WAS ARRESTED ON
A DUI CHARGE, WHICH HELPS TO EXPLAIN THE TEAM'S BASERUNNING. HAND-ME-DOWNS:
SEVEN RIDERS HAVE LED THE TOUR DE FRANCE ALREADY. WAIT. IS IT THE PASSING OF THE
YELLOW JERSEY OR THE SISTERHOOD OF THE TRAVELING PANTS?

Contact John Ryan at jryan@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5266.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 17, 2002 Tuesday

How much allowance do kids need?

BYLINE: JENNIFER BOTT Knight Ridder News Service

SECTION: EXPRESS; Pg. 8F

LENGTH: 180 words


What's a reasonable weekly allowance?

Ask your kids, and they'll likely quote a figure at the high end of the scale in
the $100-plus range.

Ask your parents, and they'll remind you how you lived on a buck or two a week.

Truth is, there is no set formula for figuring out how much money a week is
appropriate.

The amount depends upon the family's income and how much the kids truly need.

According to Teen Research Unlimited of Chicago, the average teen allowance is
$14 per week for kids ages 12 through 19.

Most teens also finagle another $18 a week from their parents' wallets for
spending money, TRU said.

Jennifer Park, a teen researcher with NFO WorldGroup in Northwood, Ohio, said
she often hears parents pay kids a weekly allowance equal to the child's age.

But once kids hit high school, this formula is often not enough to pay for
movies, burgers, clothes and occasional concert tickets.

The trick is to talk to your kids about their spending habits and find a common
ground between how much they truly need and how much they want.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              December 3, 1998, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Network cameras will miss Rays again

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



The Devil Rays again are in a Fox hole when it comes to the battle for  network
exposure.

  For the second year, Tampa Bay has been left off Fox's Saturday  afternoon
package. The preliminary schedule, released Wednesday, includes 61  regional
telecasts over 16 weeks.

  The Rays should not feel too slighted - seven other teams were left off  the
schedule, including expansion mate Arizona.

  "National exposure, if that's what's important to you, comes because  you earn
it," Rays marketing director Mike Veeck said. "I always tend to  worry more
about the fans in our stands."

  Nonetheless, Veeck said he would "quietly make some calls" to see if  the Rays
could finagle a Fox date or two.

  "Those schedules are all subject to change after they make them up,"  Veeck
said.

  Fox's schedule is predictably top-heavy with perennial contenders and  teams
from major markets.

  The world champion Yankees are scheduled for a league-high nine  appearances.
The Braves, Mets, Cubs and Giants have eight dates; the Indians,  Red Sox,
Orioles, Mariners, Cardinals, Astros and Dodgers have seven.

  The Expos, Marlins, Pirates, Diamondbacks, Blue Jays, Twins and Royals  join
the Devil Rays as non-participants. All but the Blue Jays had losing  records in
1998.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday

A Horribly Endearing Decline

BYLINE: By ERIC GRODE

SECTION: ARTS & LETTERS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 847 words


Petty tyrants don't get much pettier than Lucky, the posturing interloper who
shows up midway through "Waiting for Godot." But Alvin Epstein, the living
treasure who created that role in the American premiere of "Godot" 50 years ago,
has brought New York a surprising contender for that ignoble title: King Lear.

Lear may "hath ever but slenderly known himself," as his traitorous daughter
Regan claims, but New York audiences are getting to know him pretty well of late
- courtesy of Christopher Plummer in 2004 and Andre DeShields (and possibly
Kevin Kline) later this season. Still, none of these terrific actors is likely
to match Mr. Epstein's ravaged take on the doomed patriarch. His performance is
by far the most compelling reason to see the Actors' Shakespeare Project's
intelligent - if slightly overstuffed - production, but it's hardly the only
one.

This Boston-based company specializes in no-frills, tactile productions of
Shakespeare, and director Patrick Swanson elicits from his 14-member cast a
production short on pageantry and long on sharp, dirt-under-the-fingernails
interpretations.

(According to the program, Cherry Jones, Mandy Patinkin, and Debra Winger were
among the several dozen donors and "supporters" needed to bring this "Lear" to
New York. When a critically hailed, low-budget production needs this much aid to
finagle a three-week run in an off-off-Broadway space, something has gone
wrong.)

Mr. Swanson has made a wise cut here, a clever shading on one of the play's many
plot twists. And he has clearly placed a premium on making the action clear to
the audience, which sits on all four sides of the action. (The cavernous La MaMa
Annex space, which can sometimes feel unwieldy, has been penned in to create a
welcome intimacy.)

He has also found the rare actor who has reached Lear's stated age of "fourscore
and upward" and is still up to the absurdly demanding role. (Mr. Epstein, who
played the Fool to Orson Welles's Lear half a century ago, just barely squeaks
by on the former requirement.) Mr. Epstein's Lear starts out as spry and
playful, giving his beloved Cordelia (Sarah Newhouse) a playful tap on the chin
just minutes before making his ruinous decision to disown her.

This mercurial tendency sprouts up again and again, making Mr. Epstein's Lear an
unpredictable and dangerous ruler. Mr. Swanson strains to make some of Regan's
and Goneril's complaints valid - those 100 knights that Lear brings with him do
look like a bit of a hassle - but the most damning trait is that capriciousness.
"Thou shalt find / That I'll resume the shape which thou dost think / I have
cast off for ever," Lear warns Goneril after receiving one indignity, and Mr.
Epstein's hair-trigger performance makes it clear that this father and king has
cast off and resumed more than his share of shapes.

Lear's mental and physical decline throughout is horrible to watch. His eyes
take on both a feverish precision and a desperate gloss of incomprehension, and
when Mr. Epstein staggers practically naked onto the stage near the end, it is
as if every muscle in his diminutive body has somehow slackened. And yet his
lofty, kingly mien still flares up from time to time, often at surprising
moments. It is the kind of performance that can only come from decades of
immersion in stage technique, and it is crushing to watch.

Unlike that recent Christopher Plummer production, which surrounded its capable
star with a shockingly weak supporting cast, this staging boasts a top-to-bottom
group of vocally confident, physically nimble, and unostentatious actors.
(Credit for the physicality must go to Robert Walsh's bristling fight
choreography, as well as to Mr. Swanson's direction.)

While these performances vary somewhat in quality, each one would be a credit to
nearly any local Shakespeare production. Among the standouts are Colin Lane's
virile Gloucester and Paula Langton's chastened Regan, while Allyn Burrows finds
both the pathos and the humor - with the help of a ridiculous Inspector Clouseau
mustache and accent - in the role of the king's faithful compatriot Kent.

The early scenes promise a "Lear" for the ages, a promise that Mr. Swanson's
production can't quite deliver on. Not every staging innovation pans out: Why
kill the Fool (Ken Cheeseman) during the mock trial way back in Act III? He has
given his comic actors far too much leeway, allowing large chunks of that same
act to degenerate into a morass of rudderless bellowing. And the machinations
among Lear's various antagonists suffer from a similar lack of precision,
bogging down his staging well before this production hits the three-hour mark.

Nonetheless, his batting average is quite high, and the shrewd physical
production alone would make this "Lear" worth the trip.Toss in a revelatory
performance by one of American theater's giants, visible from an irresistibly
close distance, and three and a half hours in the company of a raging despot
suddenly seems like a great way to spend a summer evening.

Until July 2 (66 E. 4th Street, between Second Avenue and the Bowery,
212-445-7710).

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 9, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Timber! Let subsidies fall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 431 words


More than 100 years ago, in 1891, Congress created the National
Forest Reserve as a means of protecting the nation's woodlands
and increasingly muddied watersheds from the scouring clear-cuts
inflicted by the 19th century timber industry.

Like many good resource-management ideas in those bad old robber-baron
days, the protections didn't last long. In 1897, Congress voted
to permit logging in the reserves, and the ensuing swarm of timber
industry payouts and subsidies continues to finagle taxpayer dollars
today. Among the most egregious: a program through which taxpayers
spend millions of dollars a year to build roads that logging companies
use to harvest cut-rate federal timber.


There is much to complain about when it comes to timber sales,
which routinely cost the Treasury hundreds of millions of dollars
a year. But the issue at hand is far narrower. For the second
year running, a bipartisan congressional alliance of environmentalists
and budget hawks will try Thursday to end the road-building subsidy,
valued this year at $ 41 million in direct costs. Last year's effort
failed on a tie vote.

More power to them. The program survives on spurious rationales.

Supporters say the roads open the forest to recreation. But have
you ever tried driving on one? When they are passable at all,
they usually lead to vast fields of deadwood and slash, hardly
places that invite picnicking or other pleasures. Moreover, the
roads contribute to runoff that ruins fishing streams. Or isn't
fishing a recreation?

And it's not as though we don't have enough roads already. The
national forests are latticed by 377,000 miles of roads, almost
nine times the length of the interstate highway system. In some
places, there may be 20 miles of road per square mile of forest,
as dense as some cities.

Does the road-building subsidy have economic importance? Hard
to see how. The national forests account for only about 4% of
the nation's timber production, hardly enough to affect prices
or jobs. Other factors are far more influential. Between 1950
and 1994, the timber harvest increased by 64%, while employment
in the wood and paper industries fell 4%.

Fact is, the road-building subsidy is an anachronism, a fossil
from the last century when federal policy was aimed not at managing
resources but rather enhancing economic development and westward
expansion. Well, times change. The railroads now stretch from
sea to sea. The land has been tamed. Let the timber industry pay
its own way, or at least for its own roads.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday
                                   L2 Edition

Sports and politics? Time to just say no

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 548 words


My initial inclination is to vote "No!" on Tom Ricketts' proposal to renovate
Wrigley Field.

But that's just me and I don't have a vote.

Regardless, I assume a deal will be struck because enough swells will ben-efit
from it.

The Cubs sent out a release Monday proclaiming that union leaders and
Wrigleyville activists are all in because of the potential jobs and neighborhood
enhancements.

Maybe the plan will depend on Chicago's next mayor, what he wants and how much
influence he will have over the General Assembly in Springfield.

To be honest, my reluctance comes with very little grasp of specific social,
political and economic consequences of the state borrowing hundreds of millions
of dollars for a bond offering.

You know, just so a ballpark can be remodeled.

Doesn't it seem that Illinois already has to finagle enough money just to keep
operating? If any cash can be raised for anything, shouldn't it go toward
balancing the budget? Hasn't the state been as fiscally dysfunctional in recent
years as the Cubs have been for a century?

I tend to say just say "No" because something smells odoriferous whenever
professional sports conspire with professional politics.

Start with the basic premise that Wrigley Field needs a renovation. Sorry, but
it needs a demolition.

My mind might change if ownership promised that the plan includes a scoreboard
with all out-of-town scores instead of just most, customers in the upper
sections of the lower grandstands having a full view of the game, and all seats
being more comfortable.

Meanwhile, how certain can we be that Ricketts' plan absolutely, positively
never would

impact the availability of necessary social services?

Anyway, a good guess is that our Founding Fathers intended for there to be a
separation of sports and state, although it should be noted that sports back
then consisted of the odd beard-growing race and cow-chip flip.

The real problem here is that on the trust scale, politicians and owners of
sports franchises are barely ahead of medical malpractice attorneys and sports
writers.

Matching politicians withsports owners is like intro-ducing an arsonist to a
match. In either case the rest of us better fireproof our wallets.

Tom Ricketts insists and likely believes that taxpayers won't lose anything if
the state adopts his Wrigley proposal, and maybe so.

The hook to making the investment appear worthwhile is that the ballpark is
reputed to be a prime Illinois tourist attraction. Tourism is what recently
persuaded Mesa, Ariz., voters to build the Cubs a new training facility.

Still, I have to think that citizens are at risk when sports and state interact
like this, with money in the middle.

Cubs fans would die for the proposal if it meant the team would win a World
Series for the first time in their lifetimes.

However, the inkling also could be that any additional cash swirling around this
futile franchise simply will go toward paying for more gaffes like Alfonso
Soriano.

If this were a prosperous decade, perhaps the General Assembly gambling on the
Cubs would be OK. But there isn't a lot of discretionary money to play with, is
there?

So just say "No!" to Plan A and encourage Tom Ricketts to concoct Plan B.

Here's a novel idea: Private money financing the entire project instead of just
part.

mimrem@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 23, 2016 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Upstarts that could get at-large NCAA bids

BYLINE: Patrick Stevens

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 410 words


The end of nonconference play is (almost) here. All six of the top conferences
will fire up the league schedule next week, and all of the Big East and most of
the Big Ten will wedge in two conference games by New Year's Day.

One of the many upshots of this is that it is easier to size up which teams have
a nonconference scheduling problem that could doom them on Selection Sunday.

Virginia Tech, Utah and Rutgers are among those who do. These three teams, from
traditionally one-bid leagues, are at the opposite end of the spectrum.

Middle Tennessee (No. 12 CBS, No. 75 KenPom)

The Blue Raiders (10-3) would have been helped a lot more if they had defeated
Virginia Commonwealth and Georgia State in the past week. Had they gone 12-1
outside of Conference USA and scattered a couple losses in league play, they
might have withstood an upset in the conference tournament.

Now? Well, the defeats of Mississippi and especially Vanderbilt might not hold
up as all that valuable. But Middle Tennessee clearly understood how to finagle
its RPI, going 6-1 in road/neutral games and loading up on contests against
teams that should win plenty of games (such as Belmont and North Carolina
Wilmington).

Texas Arlington (No. 45 CBS, No. 27 KenPom)

Here's a team that brought back five starters, does one thing especially well
(defending threes) and has won at Saint Mary's and Texas. Remember the Mavericks
because if they get into the field of 68, they're as good a bet as anyone to
pull a 12/5 or 13/4 upset.

The trick is getting there. UT Arlington (7-3) dropped early games to Minnesota,
Florida Gulf Coast and Arkansas, so it won't be sitting in the at-large pool
with just a loss or two. It should be the best team in the Sun Belt, and KenPom
gives it at least a slight edge in all 19 of its remaining games. The Mavericks
probably have the best shot at an at-large right now of any of these teams.

UNC Wilmington (No. 68 CBS, No. 146 KenPom)

The Seahawks (11-1) play their first and only power-conference foe of the
regular season next week at Clemson. Win that and then dominate the Colonial
Athletic Association, and there will be a worthwhile conversation to have about
their at-large hopes in March.

A defending league champ with much of its roster returning. Wilmington has faced
its share of mid-major-conference contenders (a loss to Middle Tennessee,
victories over East Tennessee State and Toledo) and bagged a victory at St.
Bonaventure.

sports@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Baseball and berries and books

BYLINE: Steve Otto, sotto@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 496 words


Steve Otto

sotto@tampatrib.com

The thing about the Florida Strawberry Festival parade is that it is in Plant
City.

It's not a bunch of pirate krewes that all look alike. You don't have to strain
to see from behind fences while unruly clods push kids out of the way for beads.

Instead, it's all those things that would never get into a slick big-city
parade. There are churches, mostly Southern gospel types, with teens singing
gospel music. There is a pest control float with giant bugs and a tire service
float, which is really a school bus on monster truck tires.

The Sons of the Confederacy come marching by, and politicians meander down the
street handing out candy. There are lots of bands and marching ROTC units.

Best of all, if you can finagle a position as a parade judge, you get to go
inside Hugh and Amy Gramling's house, where there are tables loaded with Plant
City mustard greens, fried chicken and Hugh's incredible gumbo, just for
starters. Yowza!

Thousands of baseball fans watched in awe this week as Tampa Mayor Bob
"Two-Fingers" Buckhorn caught the edge of the plate with a screaming fastball
while throwing out the opening pitch at the Yankees' game at Steinbrenner Field.
A few innings later he one-handed a foul ball that bounced into the stands.

In a recent column, I wrote about Rob Kantor, CEO of Suncoast Coffee Service and
Vending, who is giving employees cash for reading books. In the column it was
suggested the average man reads only one book after high school. I was curious
what either gender might be reading.

Well, the big winner was the Bible, with 18 of you claiming to have read the
entire book. There won't be a test. A distant second, with six readers, was Ayn
Rand's "Atlas Shrugged," which seemed to take as long as the Bible just trying
to find out what John Galt was up to.

Here are a couple of comments: Brandon Bolt liked "The Firm." "That's my one
book since school, so I'm elated to be 'average' I suppose. Started many novels
and have a rather full bookshelf. Polished off several of Dr. Seuss' finest.
Perused my dad's copy of that book on Tampa's mafia connections, but mostly to
recognize some of the family names I grew up with."

Retired Air Force Maj. Gen. James Jones sent in a lengthy list, adding, "During
my 32 years in the Air Force I recall enjoying Tom Wolfe's 'The Right Stuff' and
'In Search of Excellence,' by Peters and Waterman ... and of course Roger Kahn's
'The Boys of Summer.'''

The general, by the way, was the only writer who expressed any interest in
accepting my prize, which was a cup of coffee down here at the Type and Gripe
Factory. My guess is that after 32 years in the Air Force, he may be the only
one who actually could drink the stuff.

Finally, at the Florida Strawberry Festival grounds, across the street the sign
at the Liberty Southern Baptist Church reads, "Salvation Free ... Parking $5."

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 22, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

FRUGAL TRAVELER;
A Maine Summer Yields Bargains And L. L. Bean

BYLINE: By DAISANN McLANE

SECTION: Section 5; Page 6; Column 1; Travel Desk

LENGTH: 2622 words


TRAVEL to a popular destination during the middle of summer high season? The
very thought is enough to send a cost-conscious traveler fleeing to the couch
with a box of chocolates, a heap of videos and the air-conditioner on max.

In high season, bargains dry up and hotel rooms become as hotly contested as
parking spaces in Manhattan. Reservation clerks dust off that once-a-year grin,
the one that says: "Discount? You must be kidding, sweetheart, I've got 10
people lined up for your single without bath."

But I had a seminar to attend in Maine the last week of July. I'd never been to
the state and wanted to take a few days to explore after my classes ended. I
figured that with a little legwork I could come up with a plan that would let me
sample the Maine summer affordably without pitching a tent.

Since I was flying into Portland (I booked a round-trip ticket between Newark
and Portland two months in advance for $179 on Continental's Web site), I
decided to spend a four-day weekend there, rather than try to finagle a cheapie
in a heavily booked resort town like Kennebunkport or Bar Harbor. I'd heard that
Portland had blossomed into a livable, low-key city, an East Coast version of
Seattle before the boom. It reportedly had a burgeoning restaurant scene and a
lively, restored old neighborhood by the water.

As feared, hotel rooms were at a premium in Portland, but not just because of
high season. Portland lost quite a few hotel rooms during urban renewal in the
1960's and 70's, and never rebuilt, so demand now outstrips supply. Even the
local branches of budget chains, like the Susse Chalet, quoted me a rate of just
under $100 for a single (and they didn't have space for me anyway, as it turned
out). There were better deals if I wanted to stay in South Portland, or off the
Interstate, but I wanted access to the walkable central city.

So I worked my way through a list of lodgings in guidebooks and in the tourist
magazine published by the Convention and Visitors Bureau of Greater Portland and
came up with two alternatives. The Inn at St. John, a small hotel about a half
mile from Portland's museums and its shopping and restaurant district, had a
single without bath available for $65 on Saturday night, and a single with bath
available on Sunday for $85. I booked both, and then arranged to stay the
following two nights at a hostel operated in summer by American Youth Hostels in
a dormitory of the University of Southern Maine. I could get a private room with
bath there for only $51, and the dorm was right downtown. While I'm usually wary
of hostel stays, this seemed like one of the only inexpensive rooms to be had in
Portland in July.

I arrived late Saturday afternoon at the Inn at St. John to encouraging signs:
candy on my pillow, a crystal chandelier glittering from the ceiling and a warm
welcome from the desk clerk, who provided travel leaflets and a downtown map.
Portland is an easy town to figure out -- it is on a mile-wide peninsula that
juts into Casco Bay, and the principal streets run parallel to the harbor.

After settling in I left my rental car in the inn's lot and headed downtown on
foot.

In the first 10 minutes, I discovered the disadvantage of staying at the
otherwise pleasant and well-priced inn: to get downtown, one passes through a
dicey neighborhood of row houses frequented by vagrants, one of whom followed me
for several blocks whining for money. I decided I didn't want to walk this
stretch of town alone after dark.

I passed through a few small squares, spotting the large, square hulk of the
Portland Museum of Art, designed by I. M. Pei Partners, and some
interesting-looking restaurants. I turned right and descended a slope, following
the signs for "Old Port," and soon found myself walking over cobblestone
streets, among 19th-century brick buildings. The air was moist, thick with salt
and fishy smells. I walked in the direction of the breeze, figuring that at any
minute the buildings would break open to reveal a magnificent view of sea and
harbor.

Finally, I headed down what appeared to be an alley that led onto a rickety pier
strewn with lobster traps and assorted wooden boxes. Boats of all sizes
clustered around the edges of the pier, and wizened fishermen in rubber aprons
ignored my gaping. The Atlantic Ocean was out there, beyond the boats, but it
was a rough, industrial Atlantic, not a vista you'd want to put on a postcard.
Portland's harbor isn't a theme park but a working harbor -- the fish, and the
fishermen, are the real deal.

This impressed me. I hung out on the Custom House Pier for a while, watching
people as they swung open the wooden screen door leading into the Harbor Fish
Market, to emerge later with huge cardboard boxes filled with lobsters. Across
the way was a Hopper-esque diner called the Porthole, where I had a cup of
coffee in the back, at a picnic table on the pier. Fat gulls landed on the
planks and hooted; a chilly fog rolled in, and there wasn't a tourist in sight.
On the television came the news of sweltering temperatures in New York; I
ordered another cup of coffee and snuggled smugly into my polar fleece pullover.

I skipped the free coffee and pastries at the inn the next morning and took my
Sunday brunch on the pier at the Porthole ($4.98 for a well-turned-out
diner-style cheese omelet, toast and coffee). Afterward, I strolled Commercial
Street, the avenue that runs along the docks, taking in the morning scene. Dog
lovers, take note: Portland is home to a huge number of some of the most
gorgeous big dogs I've ever seen in one place. The brunchtime promenade included
Samoyeds, wolf hounds, huskies and retrievers of various hues, parading proudly
alongside their coffee- and newspaper-carrying owners.

Greater Portland Landmarks, a preservation society, runs a walking tour of the
city every morning that costs $8. I turned up at 10:30 and found, to my
surprise, that I was the only taker that Sunday morning. I had a volunteer guide
all to myself, a delightful and energetic fellow named Everett Perlman. He
traced Portland's urban history by pointing out such details as the iron pier
hooks still dangling from buildings now several blocks from the ocean
(Portland's waterfront used to reach farther into the city; engineers pushed it
back over the decades). Most of the building cornerstones in the Old Port area
dated from around 1866, the year a whirlwind fire razed the city. Portland
literally was rebuilt from the ground up, and that's why the Old Port
neighborhood by the waterfront has such a uniform look -- and also why the motto
on Portland's coat of arms says "Resurgam" ("I Shall Rise Again").

Mr. Perlman guided me through Portland's commercial streets of Beaux Arts
buildings, and along its avenues of Victorian mansions. Just when we had walked
what seemed like several miles and I was wilting, he steered me into Portland's
newest attraction -- the Portland Public Market, with dozens of food purveyors
at booths housed in a sleek, large structure of glass and brick. Mr. Perlman
maneuvered his way skillfully through the aisles to the booths that were
offering free samples of blueberry bread (scrumptious), elk meat (hearty
tasting) and, finally, cheesecake.

"Izzy's cheesecake is the best in Portland," he said, but quickly cautioned me
that, as a New Yorker, I might have "issues." And I did: it had a good flavor,
not too sweet, but it was overly creamy.

Portlanders like their cream. The famed clam chowder at Gilbert's restaurant on
the waterfront arrived at the table so thick that I swore I could have turned it
out of the cup like Jell-O from a mold.

That's the old-fashioned side of Portland cuisine; the more contemporary
restaurants, like David's, take standards like crab cakes and rework them into
delicate, light meditations on the classic theme. My endive salad, appetizer and
char-grilled salmon betrayed an intelligent hand in the kitchen, of the sort
that you find at the better New York restaurants, for half as much as in New
York. (My David's dinner cost around $30, with two glasses of wine.) And the
fish is at least a few hours fresher.

Mr. Perlman left me with a free pass to the Museum of Art (worth $6), which I
used that afternoon, wandering contentedly among a good collection of French
Impressionists and American landscape painters made even more attractive by the
clear Maine light in the galleries (and the absence of crowds, even on a Sunday
afternoon). I thought about seeing a film that evening (downtown features are
only $5), but decided to call it an early night.

I got up very early the next morning, packed and put the car into a public lot,
since I was moving to my hostel room and it wouldn't be ready until 5 P.M. Then
I walked down to the municipal pier and hopped a ferry to Diamond Cove, one of
more than 300 islands that dot Casco Bay. Cruising the bay, and these islands,
is as essential a Portland experience as taking a ferry in San Francisco. Many
of the islands fall within the city limits, and lots of Portlanders are making
their homes on them, commuting by boat.

It was a gray day, with thick, swirling fog, but the passage out to Diamond was
smooth -- and cheap, at $7.10 round trip for the 45-minute ride. I got off at
Diamond Cove and took a quick tour of the area, which once was an Army outpost
and has been converted to private condominiums.

RETURNING to the dock, I found out I could take the next boat to nearby Long
Island at no extra charge, and so I did, and spent another hour walking through
a summer community of neat cottages and quirky gardens that led to a long,
deserted white-dune beach that felt miles from nowhere.

I figured this cruise was the big adventure of my trip, but I had another one
coming.

I hadn't expected the hostel room to be the Ritz, but I surely hadn't counted on
a shag rug so thick with litter it looked as if someone had overturned a trash
can and run. There was a dorm-style single bed, a bathroom more grungy than
anything I'd had to use in India, and no sheets -- "Coming later," said the
harried student in charge of hosteling.

It was too late to find another room for the night, so I tried to make the best
of it, and sought out a vacuum cleaner. The hostel rep found one, and I lugged
it all the way from the front desk, down several long corridors. I plugged it
in. It made noise, but didn't pick up anything.

I returned it to the front desk. A change of scene was called for, so I got into
my car and drove across the bridge that separates Portland from South Portland,
continuing to the Portland Head Light. There I sat on a rock and watched as the
sun set, sending shimmering pastel colors through the mist. The lighthouse tower
blinked on and off with a comforting regularity, and I could hear foghorns in
the distance. It seemed they were calling to me, sending an irresistible song:
"Freeport . . . Shopping Outlets . . . Go!"

The Greater Portland Visitor's Guide had a long list of bed-and-breakfasts in
Freeport, 20 minutes from Portland. The first place I called offered me a room
with bath for $75 a night -- unlike in Portland, accommodations were plentiful,
and less expensive. The next morning I quit the hostel and drove north. My
pretty Colonial-style room at the Captain Briggs House Inn bed-and-breakfast
turned out to be spotless.

Freeport's milelong Main Street, filled with outlet stores, held bargains the
likes of which I hadn't seen since Bangkok. In a few hours, I'd saved enough on
half-price polo shirts at Ralph Lauren, quick-dry hiking trousers at Patagonia,
makeup at Clinique and umbrellas at Totes to pay my hotel bill. At midnight, I
visited Freeport's most famous after-hours club, wandering the aisles of L. L.
Bean (open 24 hours) trying on camouflage gear and turkey-shoot vests, checking
out the latest polar-fleece parkas.

Yes, Freeport was chockablock with tourist buses. The food I tried was awful.
There were no fishermen, no docks, no lobsters (unless you count plastic
refrigerator magnets) and no trace of an ocean smell. Forced to choose, I'd pick
Portland's real-life riches over Freeport's shopper's paradise. But I was happy
to have washed up in a safe harbor, where the sheets were clean and the
discounts deep.

The bottom line in Maine

I averaged $111.37 a day for hotel, meals and activities during my four days in
Portland and Freeport, Me.

Transportation

I booked a round-trip fare between Newark and Portland for $179, including
taxes, on Continental's Web site www.continental.com.

Hurley Travel Service in Portland, (800) 874-1743, found me a discounted rate of
$26.44 a day plus tax for an economy car with unlimited mileage from Alamo at
the Portland airport.

Lodging

The Inn at St. John, 939 Congress Street, Portland, (207) 773-6481, is
comfortable, and a good value at $65 for single with shared bath, $85 with bath,
plus 7 percent tax. It is furnished in a pleasant Victorian style with ruffled
curtains and brass fixtures. The more costly room, well worth $20 extra, was
much larger and nicer than the one without bath.

The Portland Summer Hostel, 645 Congress Street, (207) 874-3281, looked
attractive on paper: a private room with bath for $51, with tax, in a
well-situated dormitory of the University of Southern Maine. But maintenance of
the facilities is lackadaisical, and the mattress of the old dorm bed in my
grungy room sagged like a hammock.

Captain Briggs House Inn (formerly the Bayberry Inn), 8 Maple Avenue, Freeport,
telephone and fax (207) 865-1868, is spotless and cheery. My room on the first
floor of this beautifully restored 1853 house had gorgeous original hardwood
floors, two sunny windows, a double and a twin bed and a private bath, all for
$75, including full breakfast.

Dining

My dinner at David's Creative Cuisine, 22 Monument Square, (207) 773-4340, was a
bright spot in my stay in Portland, from the endive and ripe tomato salad, with
its topping of guacamole and blue cheese, to the perfectly grilled fresh salmon
entree. With two glasses of an excellent California sauvignon blanc, dinner came
to around $30.

The Porthole, 20 Custom House Wharf, (207) 761-7634, pulls you in with its
atmosphere. The facade, on an old fishing dock, looks like a Hopper painting;
the food, diner comfort fare and American breakfast standards, is good and
hearty. My breakfast of eggs, toast, juice and coffee cost $4.98.

Gilbert's Chowder House, 92 Commercial Street, (207) 871-5636, a long-time
waterfront establishment, serves the New England basics: fried fresh fish and
impossibly thick and creamy clam chowder, distinctively flavored with a hint of
bacon.

The Portland Public Market, Cumberland Avenue between Elm and Preble Streets,
(207) 228-2000, is a great place to sample the city's specialty foods. Bakers,
butchers and fishmongers display their wares, and sometimes offer free samples.

Activities

My walking tour with Everett Perlman, a volunteer guide with Greater Portland
Landmarks, (207) 774-5561, revealed Portland's fascinating history and
architecture. The tours, with various guides, begin mornings at 10:30 at the
Portland visitors bureau at 305 Commercial Street, (207) 772-4994.

The Portland Museum of Art, 7 Congress Square, (207) 775-6148, contains a fair
number of fine Impressionist works and lots of Maine landscapes by Homer and
Wyeth. Admission is $6, seniors and students $5.

My ferry trip on Casco Bay was $7.10 round trip between the Ferry Terminal in
Portland and Diamond Cove. Casco Bay Lines ferries, (207) 774-7871, run
frequently during the day to various islands; it also offers tour cruises at
slightly higher prices.
   DAISANN McLANE


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Portland Head Light. Casco Bay ferries. Shopping along Main
Street in Freeport, Me. Examples of 19th-century brick architecture in the Old
Port area of Portland. (Photographs by Daisann McLane)(pg. 6); One of the Casco
Bay Lines ferries, which link Portland and the Casco Bay islands. (Daisann
McLane)(pg. 24)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                  February 5, 1997, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Clinton slowly learning, but still misses point

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 515 words


AMID THE CAMPAIGN wars of '96, Bill Clinton, battlefield convert to
conservatism, stole the GOP's most important slogan and waved it high: "The era
of big government is over." In Tuesday night's State of the Union speech, Bill
Clinton, re-elected Democratic president, sounded some of conservativism's
themes.

We're not entirely convinced.

To be sure, the president talked about limits and the need for realistic goals.
He seems to understand, finally, that America cannot go on forever with a budget
awash in red ink, and that an aging population will force real changes in
government support programs.

But dealing with these problems means real change in political behavior. His
administration continues to object to the most rigorous approach to
budget-balancing, and he cannot resist the old-line Democrat's urge to meddle,
to finagle, and to control individual citizens' lives and money.

A prime example of the latter is Clinton's package of tax deals, policies and
pie-in-the-sky programs devoted to education. Some parts of it are simply
foolish, like his yearning to spend billions to wire every classroom in America
for Internet access (we don't think it sensible to put a set of encyclopedias in
every classroom; why would we want to do it with a new electronic reference
tool?). Its main focus is a wrong-headed manipulation of the tax system, an
approach so off-base that it warrants a separate discussion.

Other observations:

> He has a plan to balance the federal budget by spending a bit less here and
taxing a bit more there, but his administration remains adamantly opposed to the
balanced-budget amendment. Sadly, that kind of constitutional handcuff offers
the only hope that the budget will stay balanced beyond the target year of 2002.
If the president still doesn't agree, he's still not serious about fiscal
responsibility.

> Clinton has produced new numbers for cutting back future Medicare spending,
but he's still tossing around arbitrary figures, not dealing with fundamental
changes needed to meet real needs while keeping the program solvent.

> He still wants to "fix" the hard-won welfare reform bill. He focuses on the
negative impact on legal immigrants, a legitimate concern that needs to be
addressed in some way. But reopening the bill would almost certainly lead to
efforts to undermine its most important, fundamental reform ---the end of the
ruinous "entitlement" notion. Clinton lost good friends over that change, and
nothing is more important to "the man who would be liked." Congress will have to
stand fast against his urge to undo the good it did last year.

The president called again for bipartisan cooperation on many challenges facing
America. Where both parties genuinely seek solutions, cooperation is devoutly to
be wished. Where Clinton and his party are wrong, however, blind, bland
bipartisanship would be a betrayal of the people's trust. We don't expect any
more government shutdowns, but we do expect the compromises will be on the
conservative agenda and not on how far to expand the welfare state.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            November 5, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

TELEVISION;
ALL WILL BE REVEALED

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 590 words


IDENTITY 9.25pm, ABC1 Identity theft is increasing, it seems, in direct
proportion to the tendency of people to create online alter egos for themselves.
You want my identity? Take it and good luck. But those seeking to commandeer
other people's personas generally have the annexation of their money (or their
influence) uppermost in mind.

There must be considerable perverse pleasure in subverting an identity remotely
and screwing it up, but the bottom line is, eventually, the bottom line - and
that means banking. If trust and confidence diminish in the sector - and they
are doing a magnificent job of displaying their naked greed and ruthlessness -
the whole system crashes and burns. Banks generally have to pick up the tab when
security systems are white-anted by assorted hackers, weasels and cyber thieves.
We stupidly let these people into our systems or they finagle their way in with
temptation and flattery. This new drama series follows the exploits of a police
unit in London that's devoted to combating identity theft in its many and varied
forms. Keeley Hawes is in charge as Detective Superintendent Martha Lawson, and
her team includes Detective Inspector John Bloom (the terrific Aidan Gillen), a
man who has spent years as an undercover cop and knows most of the tricks of the
trade employed by identity usurpers. Elements of Waking the Dead are evident but
the series lacks that program's intellectual sinew and emotional undertow. The
now mandatory IT expert, Tessa Stein (Holly Aird), is a middle-aged woman cast
somewhere between Spooks' Malcolm and his replacement, Tariq. Hawes has adequate
form but not quite enough authority to make her role convincing. Whoever is
selecting her wardrobe could benefit from a quiet word. MY BIG BREASTS AND ME
10.05pm, SBS One The sequel to all those surgical "enhancement" programs about
women who believe size matters in the bosom department. It doesn't take a lurid
imagination to ponder what it must be like to have larger-than-normal (whatever
that is) breasts. Three British women who face this dilemma reveal their anguish
- and the cause of it. FOR THE WEEKEND BIG, BIGGER, BIGGEST 7.30pm, Sat, SBS One
Big is better when it comes to bridges - if not bosoms. This is the first of
four programs that examine the way technology and engineering have combined to
build better suspension bridges. If you enjoyed the recent program about the
Millau Viaduct in France, this is a must. It traces the evolution of arches and
cable-stayed bridges, from a humble cast-iron job in Scotland to the sensational
Akashi Kaikyo Bridge, the span over the Varrezano Narrows in New York and the
iconic Brooklyn Bridge. SPOOKS 8.30pm, Sat, ABC1 A catastrophic explosion at a
gas-processing facility in Britain hurls the nation into an energy crisis. The
home secretary, looking at a period of some months before normal production can
be resumed, is obliged to entertain an offer from the regime in gas-rich
Tazbekstan. The Tazbek trade and industry secretary, Mr Urazov, wants more than
the pounds sterling and gratitude on offer. He is keen to partake of sexual
encounters, champagne and five-star treatment as negotiations proceed. He also
demands carte blanche to eliminate certain enemies living in Britain. It's a
dirty deal and a high price to pay for keeping the country running, but Urazov
knows that expediency and necessity give him the upper hand. Harry and the Grid
team intervene, and Jo, in the guise of a high-end prostitute, finds herself in
a deadly threesome with guns drawn.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             August 31, 2003 Sunday

California's agenda: Is anybody in recall race up to tackling it?

SECTION: OPINIONS/EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 875 words


SO is the great populist recall of Gov. Gray Davis another Proposition 13 -- a
great upsurge against the political establishment that fundamentally reshapes
the state's political landscape, and much of the nation's as well?

Few people would argue that it doesn't need reshaping. Whatever terms you use --
structural deficits, structural impediments to budgeting, fudging and dodging --
and whatever the diagnosis, there's no question that the system is broken.

If pressed, most people might also agree that just dumping Davis isn't a fix,
not even close. At best it might be an opportunity to address the long list of
California fiscal and governmental ailments. But no clean house rhetoric
unravels the complex mess into which California -- the politicians, the voters,
the "interests" -- has gotten itself.

Begin with the structural deficit. What it means, simply, is that California's
expenditures are growing faster than its revenues. Put another way, it means
that while we want quality schools and high levels of other services we don't
seem to be willing to pay for them.

Fred Keeley, who as a member of the Assembly last year struggled with the
state's budget, says even an improving economy won't close that deficit. The
thing won't fix itself. In the meantime, the fiscal finagles of the last two
years -- borrowing against future revenues from a tobacco suit settlement,
closing part of a monstrous deficit with bonds -- only defer the problems.
Keeley calls it "fiscal lunacy."

There are two possibilities, or maybe some of each: One is letting services
continue their gradual deterioration. The other is to repeal the tax cuts and
corporate tax loopholes of the last few years -- altogether some $10 billion
annually -- widen the base of the sales tax to include services, which make up a
rapidly growing part of the economy -- lawyers' and accountants' fees, auto
repairs, dry cleaners -- and move more of the weight of the income tax to
middle-income taxpayers so it isn't as dependent on the fluctuations in
upper-bracket incomes.

It probably also means increasing property tax revenues, as Warren Buffett,
Arnold Schwarzenegger's economic guru, seems to suggest. The most feasible way
to do that would be to enact a split roll under which commercial property would
be assessed differently, and re-assessed more frequently, than residential
property.

It also means major reforms in the way government functions: reducing the clout
of corrections officers, firefighters and the other muscular state public
employee unions. And it includes major reforms in the budgeting process,
including eliminating the requirement for a two-thirds vote in each house of the
Legislature to enact a budget or raise taxes.

The present system not only gives political minorities an effective veto power;
it also invites chronic gridlock and buck-passing, making it impossible for
anyone to know who's really responsible for delays and for the pork that
governors have to approve to woo holdouts to vote for a budget. An initiative
that would lower the two-thirds threshold to 55 percent is now moving toward the
March ballot.

As many have pointed out, when taxes can be cut by majority vote but only raised
by a two-thirds vote, you have a ratchet effect that makes a shambles of any
coherent fiscal policy. Combine that with the long list of initiatives that have
locked away an estimated 75 percent of the state's general fund for specific
purposes -- schools, transportation, child care, parkland -- and government has
even less ability to set priorities and respond to crises.

The list runs on: legislative term limits that make novices into committee
chairs and deprive the Legislature of the collegiality, loyalty and experience
it needs; the replacement of policy staff in Sacramento with political
operatives; reapportionment into seats that are safe for one party or another
and whose occupants therefore reflect the extremes of their respective parties,
not the moderate center; the confounding of state and local authority; the
resulting confusion and alienation of the voters; the chronic inattention of
mainstream television to state issues or to anything other than scandals and
celebrities.

If he wins by a persuasive margin, California's post-recall governor has a short
window of opportunity to get the state's attention. Schwarzenegger says he's
rich enough not to be dependent on interest-group money. But that doesn't free
him of the need to negotiate with them or to untangle the governmental mess
that's accrued in California over the last 30-plus years. He can't just dunk
their collective heads in a toilet.

THE GOP's idol, Ronald Reagan, with whom Schwarzenegger is sometimes compared,
arrived in Sacramento in 1967 where he called for -- and got -- the largest tax
increase in California's history.

According to Lou Cannon's masterful new book "Governor Reagan: His Rise to
Power," out next month, by the time Reagan finished his two terms, the state's
budget had more than doubled, its welfare allowances were the most generous in
the country. Is California up to that?

If Schwarzenegger wins, would Ronald-Arnold be more than an anagram?

Peter Schrag writes for the Sacramento Bee.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore., Paul Fattig column

BYLINE: Paul Fattig, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 805 words


June 09--In the great scheme of things, the milestone reached next week doesn't
amount to a hill of beans.

Yet it must be noted that this Sunday column is about to turn 21 years old.

There won't be a birthday bash. No party horns will blare, no bells will ring
out. At best, a few bony fingers of indignation may be raised in protest.

But it's hard for me to ignore the fact "Off the Beaten Path" has finally
reached the legal age to imbibe. Considering the ordeals I've dragged it through
over the years, the poor thing likely will begin drinking hard to forget.

The occasion is another reminder that I am getting longer of tooth. Yep, a
regular geriatric journalist.

To put it in perspective, MT newsroom intern Shannon Houston, 19, a junior at
Southern Oregon University, was born two years after this column began.
Unfortunately, Friday completed the internship for the bright junior majoring in
both journalism and creative writing. We wish her the best.

That I managed to finagle a lone journalism degree from the University of Oregon
has long been a wonderment to me as well as the esteemed professors of the
Fourth Estate.

But no more than the fact that I have written about 52 columns a year for 21
years, counting time off for approximating good behavior.

A rough, conservative count shows I have hammered out more than 1,050 columns in
the past two decades and a year. That includes a six-month sabbatical I took to
write a book that -- geez, get off my back -- is not quite finished.

Actually, I've now got two books in the hopper. But let's not digress.

You're right. It sure seems like there have been more columns. That reminds me
of the old joke in which they say it's not true that married people live longer
than single folks -- it just feels that way.

When editor Bob Hunter approached me with the suggestion I write a weekly column
in June of 1992, I had just been hired from a paper in the East Bay area of
California. Knowing what it entailed, I was a bit hesitant to take on a column.

After all, I had written a column for a college newspaper for two years, and had
later penned one for a weekly newspaper I edited in Junction City just north of
Eugene. From experience, I knew column writing can be both a blessing and a
curse, often simultaneously.

But I agreed, figuring I would do it for a year, maybe two. Tops.

Back then, Bob suggested the focus could be about local people, places and
things that don't warrant news coverage but are interesting nonetheless. He
figured I could periodically tap into my ancestral roots and regional contacts
in southwest Oregon for added inspiration.

"I also wanted you to write a column to keep you busy and out of trouble," he
quips 21 years later.

By now, you have discovered I'm an average bloke with average skills and a
penchant for humor, particularly if it includes really foul puns. If I have a
long suit, it is the fact I was both born into a story-rich heritage and have a
knack for stumbling into fascinating people along the way.

In fact, Doug Fong, a U.S. Attorney based in Medford, once told me that I
reminded him of Forrest Gump because of my off-the-wall connections with people
and places in the column. At least I think he was referring to the connections,
not to our man Gump's mental limitations.

However, if you sit down to write a column with no topic rattling around in your
head, you are certainly Gump-like.

Yes, I have managed to do that a time or two, something readers have always been
quick to observe. I thought I recognized those bony fingers of indignation
pointing out the upcoming 21st anniversary.

Too many columns have come and gone for me to recall all the nouns I've written
about over the years. I did set the scene back in the day by relating how my
father was born in Ashland on June 17, 1906, and about my grandparents
homesteading in the Applegate Valley.

I've delved into my Kerby roots, and the fact I started out as a printer's devil
at the Illinois Valley News while still in high school. I've taken you along to
places I've been as a journalist, from the Arctic to Vietnam, from Egypt to
Ireland. We've met the President of the United States as well as a homeless
veteran. I don't know about you, but I felt the latter was more interesting, by
the way.

And you have been with me through a broken leg, the death of a parent, my wife's
ever-growing pet herd, our happy trials and tribulations on the old place along
Sterling Creek.

But the best part for me by far has been the wonderful people I've met along the
way. Their names are too numerous to mention but they have made all the
difference. When I become pessimistic about the human animal, they remind me
there is ample reason for optimism.

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130609-ME-Mail-Tribune-Medford-Ore-Paul-Fattig-column-0609-20130609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 7, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Stottlemyre cuffs Mets;
 Series moves to New York tied 1-1;
 THE PLAYOFFS

BYLINE: Thomas Stinson, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: Phoenix

Just when it appeared the New York Mets might never lose again, what stopped
them was a man with half a shoulder and twice the heart.

Todd Stottlemyre willed Arizona back into the National League Division Series
Wednesday night, holding New York to a run and four hits in 6 2/3 innings while
the Diamondbacks used Steve Finley's five-RBI performance to beat the Mets 7-1.

Pitching with a torn labrum and torn rotator cuff that threaten the 34-year- old
veteran's career, Stottlemyre walked five, had Mets on base every inning and
threw a season-high 124 pitches to finagle Arizona around the trouble before the
bullpen took over to get the final seven outs.

The loss, the Mets' first in six games, evens the series at one game each. It
resumes Friday night in New York, when the Diamondbacks' Omar Daal (16-9) faces
Rick Reed (11-5).

The Mets' Bobby Valentine tried a little managing in the fifth inning, but it
didn't work out. Trailing 3-1, Valentine pulled starter Kenny Rogers, who had
thrown just 83 pitches, after he had struck out Luis Gonzalez for the first out
with a runner on first base.

With Pat Mahomes on in relief, Matt Williams, who could not get the ball out of
the infield in two chances against Rogers, singled. Two batters later, Finley
doubled off the wall in left-center, giving him four RBIs and Arizona a 5-1
lead.

The Diamondbacks took their first lead of the series in the third with a
three-run rally. Jay Bell delivered a two-out single through shortstop, after
which Gonzalez turned his back into a 70 mph change-up that Rogers forgot to
curve.

Williams loaded the bases with a a chopper off the plate that appeared to be
headed foul until Rogers inexplicably gloved it on one bounce. Greg Colbrunn
walked on five pitches for a 1-1 tie.

Finley, who could do nothing with two breaking balls early in the count, rolled
a grounder past a diving Edgardo Alfonzo at second, scoring Gonzalez and
Williams, who may have never touched the plate in his slide. Replays indicated
Williams' foot came up as Mike Piazza applied the tag. Valentine protested the
call, but Arizona had a 3-1 lead.

Stottlemyre, working without a pitch-count limit for the first time since his
mid-August return from a torn rotator cuff, insists he is pitching as
effectively as ever, despite going just 2-2 since returning Aug. 20.

"It's kind of amazing," he said. "My arm feels great. I feel like at times since
I've been back, I've thrown the ball as well, maybe better, than I did before.
My work habits are different."

Rickey Henderson fueled what there was of the Mets' offense. In the third
inning, Henderson singled and stole his third base of the series --- he would
add an NL Division Series record-tying fourth in the fifth inning.

Alfonzo, who seems to do something to help his team even when he's doing nothing
at all, advanced Henderson to third with a long fly to right. John Olerud
brought Henderson in for a 1-0 lead with a soft ground-out to shortstop.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Coming home: Matt Williams scores Arizona's third run on a hit by Steve Finley
as Mets catcher Mike Piazza takes the throw. / ERIC RISBERG / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 669 words


MINNEAPOLIS - The news that the Pohlads might have cut themselves a sweet deal
on the land surrounding the new ballpark is remindful of the words of Captain
Renault in "Casablanca." To paraphrase: "I'm shocked, shocked to learn there is
profiteering going on in this establishment."

Outrage is appropriate only if you didn't see this coming, if you were the lone
delusional soul who thought the Pohlads could cut a deal without leveraging an
extra sawbuck. Earnhardts turn left, Grants coach football, Clintons campaign,
Pohlads finagle.

Is this fair, right, decent, seemly? Nah. Is it part of doing business with Carl
Pohlad, The Man Who Saved (and later tried to kill) Baseball in Minnesota? Yeah.

So today, let's skip the predictable-if-true protest that the taxpayers deserve
better.

I can't make that argument anyway, because I believe in the tangible and
intangible benefits of a new ballpark, I don't want to live in a region lacking
outdoor baseball, and however easy it is for a non-Hennepin County resident to
say, I would have been happy to pay the miniscule tax.

Let's instead spin this forward. Pohlad bought the team for $32 million in 1986.
The new ballpark, with the county contributing $392 million and the team $130
million, will increase the value of the franchise to perhaps, say, $900 million.

According to Forbes (yes, the magazine that rated Kevin McHale as the top
general manager in pro sports, so reader beware), Pohlad is worth about $2.8
billion, and his presumed net worth will grow when the new ballpark opens, and
grow even more if his land-baron finagling reaps a windfall beyond the outfield
fences.

Fine. Rich get richer; death and taxes; you need money to make money; if the
rich could hire other people to die for them, the poor would make a wonderful
living; class warfare would be a lot more fun if the rich didn't always win.

Pohlad has made two excellent moves as Twins owner - hiring Andy MacPhail and
Terry Ryan as his two general managers. Both hired good field managers who have
won more games than their payroll would seem to allow.

In return, Pohlad, thanks to the expertise of others, has witnessed an
incredible appreciation of his asset. This year, his modestly compensated team
could draw 2.5 million.

Mr. Pohlad: It's time to invest in the investment that has paid so many
dividends, that has allowed you to celebrate two World Series titles and six
division championships, that has brought more glory to your surname than any
farm foreclosure.

If you had any sense of history, or public relations, you'd call two news
conferences this summer.

At the first, you would announce that you are so thrilled with the public
funding and the possibilities of developing the area around the ballpark that
you have decided to slap a roof on top of the joint and call it Pohlad Field, to
stand as reminder of the good your family has done in Minnesota. You would
become a hero to anyone who hasn't had to negotiate with you, and your family
would benefit for generations. (Also, when your family sells the team, the roof
would inflate the price, making it yet another wise investment.)

At the second news conference, you would announce the signing of Johan Santana,
Torii Hunter, Justin Morneau, Michael Cuddyer and Joe Nathan to long-term
contracts, ensuring that the Twins will have contend for titles up to and beyond
the opening of Pohlad Field.

Adding a roof to the ballpark and blowing the roof off your self-imposed salary
cap would require enormous payments. The guess here is the check wouldn't
bounce.

You're 91. It's time to live a little. It's time to try to win another World
Series, to push your attendance to 3 million annually, to make the ballpark a
place to celebrate excellence, not subsidize mediocrity.

And if you consider the roof and contracts mutually exclusive, the advice here
is to sign the players. Would fans rather wear a coat while watching Torii
Hunter, or a tank top while watching Denard Span?

(Jim Souhan is a sportswriter for the Minneapolis Star Tribune)

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 11, 2004 Friday

Themed schools generate attraction

BYLINE: ELISABETH DYER

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 696 words


Martha LaFon wanted to try something new. The 8-year-old from Apollo Beach had
played piano for years but through Lockhart Elementary's arts magnet program
took up the harp.

"She was just a natural," teacher Michele de Lucca-Lowrey said. "It really made
her shine."

Students in Hillsborough's themed magnet schools explore extraordinary
experiences. Two years ago, Blake High School's jazz band performed in Japan.
This year, eighth-graders at Stewart Middle School built a receiver that picked
up radio waves from storms on Jupiter and changed them into audible sound waves.

Although the deadline for applying to a magnet school for the 2004-05 school
year was in November, students may still be able to finagle a spot. Any spare
spaces will be awarded on a first-come, first-served basis.

"There is availability at some schools in certain grades," said Joan Courtney,
supervisor of Hillsborough's magnet program. "It changes daily."

Space can open up if students move or decide to attend other schools. Orange
Grove Middle and Lee Elementary, for example, are full but could accept new
students if space becomes available during the summer.

The two new magnet schools opening in August in the South Tampa area still have
room, district officials said.

Students at Franklin Middle School on 21st Avenue will study law and public
service. In forensics classes, they will analyze evidence - strands of hair and
fibers of fabric - from fake crime scenes. Teachers are designing a courtroom
for mock trials and reaching out to neighborhood nursing homes for public
service classes.

MacFarlane Elementary on N MacDill Avenue will have an international studies
theme. Kindergarteners through fifth-graders will learn Spanish, French and
possibly Italian. Fourth- and fifth-graders will also learn Latin. Teachers are
trained through the Switzerland-based International Baccalaureate program, which
teaches students to take action in world issues.

Magnets began in the county in 1990 with Hillsborough High School's
International Baccalaureate program under the direction of Mary Ellen Elia, past
president of Magnet Schools of America.

Magnet schools began nationally along the East Coast and filtered west, Elia
said. More than 60 percent of states have them, she said. The purpose is to
create diversity and improve performance at schools in low-income, high-minority
areas by using themes to draw students from across the district.

Hillsborough has 23 magnet schools. Five other programs are pending federal
grant approval for the 2005-06 school year.

If approved, Lee Elementary and Ferrell Middle schools, both now technology
magnets, will add second magnet themes. Grants pay for equipment, such as harps,
greenhouses and science labs.

Parents are drawn to magnets because of the smaller class sizes and advanced
coursework in specific themes, such as the arts and the environment.
Seventh-graders at Stewart, a magnet for math, can take honors algebra for high
school credit.

The county provides transportation to magnet schools, but the bus ride can be
long.

Getting into a high school magnet is competitive and requires good grades, a
writing sample and teacher recommendations. Admission to an elementary or middle
school is based solely on a student's interest in the program and space
availability.

"You want the child to have a real buy into the theme," Courtney said.

Parents who still want to enroll their child in a magnet school can call the
district's magnet office at 272-4818 or 272-4872 and fill out an application
listing their top three choices. Applications can also be downloaded from the
Internet at  http://apps.sdhc.k12.fl.us/schools/magnet.

- Elisabeth Dyer can be reached at 226-3321 or edyer@sptimes.com.

Eight-year-old Martha LaFon from Apollo Beach had played the piano for years,
but she thought she'd give the harp a try when she started at Lockhart
Elementary, an arts magnet school. Here, she showcases her skills during the
Spring Strings Concert, which the school staged in May.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: SCHOOL NEWS; NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: SOUTH TAMPA

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CHRIS ZUPPA; Martha LeFon plays the harp at the Spring Strings
Concert in May.

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             January 1, 2006 Sunday

Center Square | The corridors of power - shaken by two little words

BYLINE: Chris Satullo

SECTION: CURRENTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 699 words


Citizens, if you take nothing else away from the cavalcade of heroes, charlatans
and shmoes that was 2005, hold on to these two words:

Pay raise.

Let those two words be a warning to the smug and corrupt. Let them be an
inspiration to the stubbornly idealistic.

Pay raise.

Speak those two words to those who are hunkered down in power, so sure that
their shallow, self-interested ways are the only way, that they are the true
realists, and that those who yearn for clean government are hopeless naïfs.

Pay raise.

As has now entered Pennsylvania legend, the state legislature voted itself a
hefty set of pay hikes in the early dawn hours of July 7. Unwilling to wait to
rake in the bucks until after the next election, which is the constitutional
way, lawmakers concocted a finagle so they could collect the money immediately
as "unvouchered expenses."

Only people sure that no one was watching them - or that those watching were too
few and too powerless - would indulge in such transparent self-dealing. Sure,
went the conventional wisdom up and down Capitol corridors, there will be a
small flap, but it will blow over and be forgotten long before any of us faces
the voters next year.

Guess what? It was a tempest that still rages, scattering smug assumptions
across the landscape, sending the political class racing for cover.

The tempest endures in large part thanks to the three men honored on today's
editorial page as The Inquirer Editorial Board's Citizens of the Year - and
dozens more Internet-savvy activists like them. These citizens whipped up a
statewide chorus of righteous wrath over the pay grab, swamping lawmakers'
in-boxes, filling their ears when they showed their faces on the home front.

One by one, lawmakers began rejecting or refunding their unethical early raises,
declaring support for a repeal. Then, came the moment that made "pay raise" the
two most dangerous words to the satraps of the status quo: On Nov. 8, Supreme
Court Justice Russell Nigro, targeted by the activists because of the high
court's role as an enabler of legislative shenanigans, lost his retention
election. Judges don't normally lose retention elections unless they have
murdered or molested someone.

All of a sudden, Harrisburg lawmakers and a nervous Gov. Rendell are in the most
public-spirited mood seen on the banks of the Susquehanna in a long while. Not
only did they repeal the raises, lickety-split; they have also begun making
progress on overdue reforms long mired in the muck of business-as-usual, such as
real tax reform and lobbyist disclosure.

Delightful to behold. It underscores how the citizens' revolt demonstrated the
staying power of low-cost lobbying using blogs, e-mail and talk radio. Citizens
have found a way to upend the cozy arrangements that have long ruled insular
Harrisburg.

The folks who run similarly closed networks in places such as Philadelphia and
South Jersey can feel this storm in their bones.

So if you're a citizen who doesn't think your town, your school system, your
county, your state, your nation, should be run by a small clique of connected
players primarily for the benefit of that same clique, arm yourself with these
two words:

Pay raise.

Use those two words to remind yourself, and others you hope to rouse, that it is
not pointless or hopelessly naive to work for government that is open, ethical
and cleansed as much as humanly possible from influence peddling.

Pay raise.

Let those two words be your chilling reply to any pol who tries to tell you that
citizens don't really care about the fine points of ethics, that all folks want
is the garbage picked up and the bacon delivered. Or any pol who claims that
you, a lowly citizen, can't possibly understand the complexity of what he does.
He's just covering for the fact that the legislative process has become an
insiders' game run to benefit mostly those who play the game, and those who fund
them.

Pay raise.

We're working on a whole new game here, fellas, with a new referee who has shown
no mercy in blowing the whistle. Just ask Russ Nigro.

Chris Satullo is editorial page editor. To comment, call 215-854-4243 or e-mail
csatullo@phillynews.com. To read his recent work: http://go.philly.com/Satullo.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday

Whistle-blowers ignored

LENGTH: 176 words


Why be a "whistle-blower" when even the dogs can't hear you? A year ago I was a
whistle-blower with facts about sloppy accounting practices in Salt Lake County
Fine Arts. An audit completed by the auditor's office in June 2003 supported the
issues I raised, showing $1 million was unaccounted for.

Regardless, the mayor's attorney, Greg Curtis, accused auditor Craig Sorensen of
dereliction. Mayor Nancy Workman and her appointees pointed fingers at the
auditor and the auditor accused these higher-ups of being incompetent.

Result: The director of fine arts retired early and the County Council decided
to fund the $800,000 difference to correct the situation. Everyone won except
the taxpayers of Salt Lake County.

I hope the "Hire Gate" whistle-blower has more support. Mayor Workman and her
staff may finagle their way out of another investigation. During all of this,
the County Council is nowhere to be seen. I hope the residents of Salt Lake
County realize it's their vote that can end this "Administration of
Entitlement." Joseph Pitti Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 11, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Navigating the Details of Landing an Overseas Job

BYLINE: Advice for Twentysomethings, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; CAREER TRACK ADVICE FOR TWENTYSOMETHINGS; Pg. E04

LENGTH: 994 words


One three-week vacation in France, and now you're itching to convert all your
dollars to euros?

The State Department says at least 2 million American citizens work abroad, so
if you make the leap, you certainly will not be alone. As more companies do
business globally, you may find that the experience boosts your rsum, not to
mention how it enriches your life.

But an international move is much more complicated than one to Manhattan, so
before you start scouting for Czech-English dictionaries at used-book stores,
make sure you understand the challenges you face.

There are two basic strategies you can take. Let your job skills and tolerance
for risk be your guide in deciding which to take.

The easiest way to get out of your stateside cubicle is through a multinational
company with a large American presence, or a nongovernmental organization. Find
out if your employer sends workers abroad. If not, start looking for an employer
that does. If you're starting cold with a private company, it may take years to
finagle an overseas assignment. With a nongovernmental organization, it will
move faster: it will be happy to find someone willing to run its Vladivostok
branch.

Even if you have to wait awhile, the advantages of that approach are numerous.

Elizabeth Sozanski of Berwyn, Pa., said her employer, the pharmaceutical company
AstraZeneca PLC, provided "tremendous support" when she was sent to work at the
company's London headquarters for two years. Having the company handle the
details enabled her to get right into her public relations job quickly and
smoothly, she said. Her employer took care of all the necessary work permits,
paid her moving expenses and secured housing for her and her family. The company
even found schools for her children. Most companies will provide some language
training, if necessary.

The best thing about moving with your current employer is the contacts. When you
arrive, you will have a ready-made network, especially if you have been working
at the company for a while. That will be an invaluable asset, personally and
professionally.

If you are determined to do it alone, you may run into problems.

The first obstacle may be the law. Many countries strictly limit the number of
foreign workers, and it's virtually impossible to get a work permit on your own.
Any company that wanted to hire you would generally have to prove that local
workers couldn't fill the job, and it would have to apply for clearances on your
behalf. It's expensive and time-consuming for employers, so unless you've got a
highly desirable combination of skills, they're not going to bother. Carefully
research the rules in the country to which you plan to move.

Often the only work available to foreigners is low-paying at best, downright
dangerous at worst. Do you want to live in the south of France badly enough to
pick grapes for $ 35 a day?

Some employers might be willing to hire you illegally, especially for the least
desirable work. Don't do it. If you are caught, you could be deported.

Once you get there, you will not have much of a social or professional network,
unless you already have some ties to the country. Going solo, you will be
responsible for finding housing and paying all of your moving expenses and you
will have to learn the language on your own.

You can get around some of the restrictions if you can claim ties to the country
you want to move to. Jennifer Navabi, 32, an IT consultant who lives in
Annapolis, was easily able to find work in France because her husband was born
in a European Union country. She and her husband lived in Paris for a year after
he was recruited by a global company while studying at the University of
Maryland.

"Given his 'dual citizenship,' we were able to obtain residency and work permits
that allowed us to live as citizens of France, rather than as U.S. expatriates,"
Navabi said.

How easy was it for her?

"I found my job, literally, on Monster.com.," she said. "In May 2000, when my
husband and I decided to move to Europe, I posted my rsum on Monster.com, noting
that I was eligible to work in the European Union. The HR director from [a
French software company] called me within half an hour. We moved to Paris in
June 2000, and I began work in Paris in August 2000."

Another thing to keep in mind is that your American rsum will probably not be
sufficient for an international job search. Most foreign companies require a
curriculum vitae instead of the one-page, bulleted summary preferred by most
American employers. A CV is much more detailed and includes many details that
ordinarily you would not include in your resume, such as hobbies and marital
status. Monster.com has a good guide to converting your resume into a CV at
http://international.monster.com/workabroad/findingajob/resumesletters/resumeint
ocv.

Some common challenges arise no matter what route you take.

For example, if you have U.S. debts, the currency exchange rate could be a
serious problem. You'll need to keep that in mind when evaluating salary offers.
Famin Ahmed, who was looking for jobs in Australia, realized it would be
difficult to make payments on a student loan in U.S. dollars while being paid in
Australian funds. The exchange rate for the two currencies is about $ 2
Australian to a U.S. dollar.

"It would have been a challenge to pay my monthly installment AND rent if I were
paid in Australian dollars," Ahmed said in an e-mail.

You'll also need to adjust culturally. The rules of business etiquette vary in
each country, so even if you are the Miss Manners of your Dulles office, you'd
do well to investigate the protocol for the country you'd like to work in before
you begin interviewing.

No matter which strategy you choose, expect plenty of surprises once the plane
touches down.

E-mail Mary Ellen Slayter at slayterme@washpost.com. Join her for "Career Track
Live," an hour-long chat on issues affecting young workers, at 11 a.m. on Nov.
25 at www.washingtonpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 13, 1989, Friday, City Edition

'WORKING GIRL' BEST OF THE LOT

SOURCE: cox

BYLINE: MAX McQUEEN

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 967 words



One lone working girl vies with two films full of the boys of summer    for this
week's video rental customers. But Dream Team's Peter Boyle    and Michael
Keaton and Major League's Tom Berenger, Corbin Bernsen and    Charlie Sheen
combined can't outhit Working Girl's Melanie Griffith.

     After 10 years of a start-and-stop film career, Griffith finally    hit pay
dirt with Mike Nichols' sinister comedy about a secretary who    finagles her
way to the top of the corporate ladder.

     Though Working Girl was overrated - due in large part I'm sure to
Nichols' high standing in the film community - it is certainly likable
enough. Harrison Ford is uncommonly - and uncharacteristically - fun as    a
down-on-his-luck investment broker who is taken for a ride by    Griffith's
innocent office girl. Sigourney Weaver is equally watchable    as an uppity
executive who savors keeping her underlings in their    place.

     Released last Christmas, Working Girl turned out to be one of the
funniest films of '89, even with its stringent observations of office
politics. Like Working Girl, Dream Team and Major League are comedies    with an
edge. And both pulled enough filmgoers this spring to earn    surprise hit
status.

     Dream Team has a pre-Batman Michael Keaton guiding four lost mental
patients through Manhattan's concrete jungle. That you can't tell the
deranged ones from the average Joes is both a telling and compelling    fact
that lends Dream Team a timely poignancy.

     Though borrowing heavily from the Police Academies' slapstick    antics,
Major League's humor has roots in reality - such as the specter    of a ball
team moving to a new city all on the whim of its owner.

     Margaret Whitton does the honors as a filthy rich baseball team    owner
who wants her players to do poorly so she can move the team from
blue-collared Cleveland to diamond-collared Miami.

     Berenger, Bernsen and Sheen have a grand time disappointing    Whitton's
screaming banshee.

     Of the three main comedies new to video this week, Dream Team is    most
suitable for family viewing. But Working Girl is the best of the    lot, thanks
to Griffith's insightful view from the top.

 Dream Team. PG-13, 1989. MCA, $ 89.95.

 Major League. R, 1989. Paramount. No suggested price.

 Working Girl. R, 1988. CBS/Fox, $ 89.98.

  Comedy         - Know someone whose hypochondria is driving you crazy? Rent
Checking Out, put it at their doorstep and disappear. If they don't    take the
hint from this pitch-black comedy, nothing will work.

     Director David Leland isn't quite sure what to do with his subject
matter, so Checking Out is not a satisfying whole. But Jeff Daniels    manages
some great scenes as a family man who is certain every little    sniffle is the
beginning of the end.

     For all of Leland's storytelling failings, Checking Out smells like    an
old-time doctor's office. It's enough to make you sick.

 R, 1989. Virgin Vision, $ 89.95.



    - Bedtime Story comes to video at long last, the better to compare    it to
its recent update: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels.

     Marlon Brando does a rare comic turn as a dimwitted rake who teams    with
David Niven's debonair rogue to sweet-talk American women out of    their money
while they do the Riviera. Shirley Jones is the lady caught    in between two
very different kinds of con artists.

 Not rated, 1963. MCA, $ 59.95.

  Drama

     - Backfire is the tragically ironic title of the last film by Dean    Paul
Martin - you'll recall he was killed when the jet he was piloting    crashed in
1987.

     Gilbert Cates directs this thriller in which a wealthy housewife    (Karen
Allen) uses her husband's Vietnam nightmares to drive him mad.

 Keith Carradine co-stars.

  R, 1988. Vidmark, $ 89.95.



    - Kevin Bacon is a pretty-boy murderer who gets away with    everything in
Criminal Law. But this mama's boy didn't count on a    lawyer who won't quit,
played with I-always-get-my-man gusto by Gary    Oldman. It's not Hitchcock, but
it's not bad.

 R, 1989. HBO, $ 89.99.



    - At long last, Maggie Smith's definitive performance comes to the    small
screen. As the eccentric title character of The Prime of Miss    Jean Brodie,
Smith won the 1969 Oscar for best actress. Based on Jay    Presson Allen's play,
this Edinburgh-set drama was directed by Ronald    Neame. Its score was composed
by Rod McKuen.

 PG, 1968. CBS/Fox, $ 79.98.

  Horror         - Back in 1986, Fright Night left us horrified as Roddy
McDowall    tried to clean up his town of vampires. This spring's Fright Night
II    lacked the intensity of its predecessor, but once again McDowall is
undeniably appealing as a milquetoast host of a TV horror program who    has a
showdown with live versions of his worst nightmares.

     Julie Carmen is the vamp with the mostest. William Ragsdale is the    naive
kid who wouldn't know a vampire if it bit him on the neck.

 R, 1989. IVE, $ 89.95.

  Other new releases        The Choirboys        Farewell to the King
Return of the Swamp Thing        Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Case of the
Killer Pizzas     Coming soon        Lawrence of Arabia Oct. 19        Great
Debates: John F. Kennedy vs. Richard M. Nixon Oct. 25        Scrooged Nov. 9
        Batman Nov. 15        National Geographic's Love Those Trains Nov. 15
        The Rainbow Nov. 15

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 April 26, 2000

Court circular Who's up in front of the judge

SECTION: Guardian Features Pages; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 314 words


There's obviously something karmic in the air for porcine West Coast hip-hop
guru Dr Dre, as his action against MP3 website Napster was followed (virtually
by return of post) with a suit against him from Star Wars svengali George Lucas'
production outfit Lucasfilm. According to the legal papers, filed in Northern
California US District Court, Dre's unauthorised use of Lucas' patented sound
effect 'THX Deep Note" on his recent album 2001 constituted a clear case of
copyright infringement; and, with George and co now seeking unspecified damages,
it seems entirely plausible that whatever cash Dre does manage to finagle out of
Napster will be heading straight into the coffers of Lucasfilm. You've got to
laugh haven't you?

Meanwhile, the grisly corpse of punk rock managed a small litigious wheeze this
week, as erstwhile counter-cultural heroes the Dead Kennedys took each other to
San Francisco Superior Court this week in a ruckus over unpaid royalties.
Except, of course, it's very much the proverbial two-sided coin: while former
band-members East Bay Ray, Klaus Flouride and DH Peligro are arguing ex-frontman
Jello Biafra (pictured) has diddled them out of 'hundreds of thousands" in
misappropriated album profits, Biafra claims the whole sorry business has
erupted out of spite after he refused to allow the Kennedys' Holiday In Cambodia
to be used in a Levi's advert. 'I respect how much the Dead Kennedys' music and
message means to people," he declared, 'I can think of no worse way to stab our
fans in the back than to sell out to Levi's." The help, however, say the aborted
ad is merely a red herring proffered by Biafra to justify his retention of their
money. 'We think Biafra's acting like a capitalist in the worst sense of the
word", commented Ray. 'He may not be a corporation, but he certainly knows how
to behave like one."

Danny Leigh


LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Legal challenges loom in removing Donald Sterling from Clippers

BYLINE: Mark Medina

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


His words sounded forceful. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver classified Donald
Sterling s racially disparaging remarks on an audio tape  as deeply offensive
and hurtful.

His punishment seemed harsh yet fair. Silver issued Sterling a life-time ban, a
$2.5 million fine and urged the league s Board of Governors made up of NBA
owners to force him to sell the Clippers franchise.

His actions seemed quick. Silver plans to appoint a new chief executive officer
to oversee the Clippers, and the NBA announced Tuesday that president Andy
Roeser will take an indefinite leave of absence. The NBA will likely hold a vote
this week that rules Sterling must sell the team.

But with the NBA acting as swiftly and as powerfully as a Chris Paul lob to
Blake Griffin , it appears that momentum could get stalled in court and could
drag out for years.

This will be a process in getting Donald Sterling to agree toward selling the
franchise,  said NBA TV analyst Stu Jackson, who previously served 13 years as
the league s executive vice president of basketball operations.  It s going to
be a battle of intellect, legal expertise and what they can finagle behind the
scenes.

Attempts to reach Sterling and his lawyer, Robert Platt, have been unsuccessful.
But shortly before the NBA s ruling, Fox News contributor Jim Gray reported
speaking with Sterling, who vowed he would not sell the team.

The NBA s constitutional bylaws require a three-fourths vote, and sources among
the NBA, the Clippers and law experts believe that ruling will become unanimous.
But the sense within the league suggests they are resigned toward Sterling
dragging this case out through litigation.

There is no way that man walks away without a battle,  said Lakers legend Magic
Johnson in an appearance Monday at Cal State Long Beach where he downplayed talk
he would partner up with an ownership group to buy the Clippers.

Sterling rarely shied away from the courtroom amid his 33 years overseeing the
Clippers  franchise.

He successfully fought off an employee who sued him in 2003 on sexual
harassment. In 2009, the court dismissed a case former Clippers general manager
Elgin Baylor filed against Sterling that charged both employment and racial
discrimination.

That same year, Sterling paid $2.7 million to settle a lawsuit that accused him
of practicing housing discrimination in various L.A.-based real estate
properties to blacks, Hispanics and families with children. In 2011, former
Clippers coach and general manager Mike Dunleavy was awarded $13.5 million
through arbitration after the Clippers initially stopped paying him the
remainder of his contract after he was fired in March 2010. In this case, law
experts believe Sterling will seek an injunction and then file suit, raising
both breach of contract and antitrust claims.

Yet, under Article 13 of the NBA constitution, an owner can be terminated with a
three-fourths vote from the Board of Governors if the franchise fails  to
fulfill its contractual obligations to the Association, its Members, Players, or
any other third party in such a way as to affect the Association or its Members
adversely.  In Article 24 of the NBA constitution, the commissioner s duties are
listed as  protecting the integrity of the game of professional basketball and
preserving public confidence in the League.

The league is on pretty solid footing,  USC law and business professor Michael
Chasalow said.  They have contractual rights to terminate Sterling. The only
limit with that is whether the league did not act in good faith in enforcing its
rights. That s impossible to prove given he started the whole thing with his
outrageous comments.

Sterling criticized a female friend named V. Stiviano for posting pictures of
herself and Johnson on Instagram and for bringing black friends to Clippers
games. Yet, Sterling could invoke privacy laws after an audio recording of that
conversation leaked to both TMZ and Deadspin.

He might try to become a crusader and martyr for privacy rights,  USC law
professor Jody Armour said of Sterling.  With the current day concerns about the
NSA intrusions into ordinary citizens  privacy, there are a lot of folks who
believe privacy rights are valuable. They may believe people deserve some
protection.

Silver dismissed such concerns about that topic, saying,  Whether or not these
remarks were shared in private, they are now public and they represent his
views.

But will such issues slow down the Clippers transition process?

Unanswered questions persist, including the nature of Sterling s trust that
includes his wife, Shelly, and whether she will stay on as the team s co-owner.
The NBA players union has said the league cannot allow that to happen.

I am concerned that if this process continues on, it may be at the sacrifice of
one the 30 NBA clubs,  Jackson said.  What s going to happen with that franchise
during the time that this battle rages on?

Jackson then cited the Clippers losing a flurry of sponsors and uncertainty
whether coach Doc Rivers and star players, such as Paul and Griffin would want
to stay if a lengthy legal fight ensues. Even amid this uncertainty, however,
law and sports economics experts find some hope Sterling will concede defeat.
Coupled with the Clippers  playoff resurgence, a potentially new cable deal and
an expected bidding war among competing ownership groups, experts predicted the
Clippers could sell as high as $1.6 billion. That number marks a stark increase
from the $575 million Forbes currently tabs as the franchise s worth.

If he wants to, he could tie it up for a very long time,  said Notre Dame sports
economics professor Richard Sheehan.  But I bet that he wouldn t. The cost of
him doing so would be very extreme.

Staff writer Chris Trevino contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Legal challenges loom in removing Donald Sterling from Clippers

BYLINE: Mark Medina

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


His words sounded forceful. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver classified Donald
Sterling s racially disparaging remarks on an audio tape  as deeply offensive
and hurtful.

His punishment seemed harsh yet fair. Silver issued Sterling a life-time ban, a
$2.5 million fine and urged the league s Board of Governors made up of NBA
owners to force him to sell the Clippers franchise.

His actions seemed quick. Silver plans to appoint a new chief executive officer
to oversee the Clippers, and the NBA announced Tuesday that president Andy
Roeser will take an indefinite leave of absence. The NBA will likely hold a vote
this week that rules Sterling must sell the team.

But with the NBA acting as swiftly and as powerfully as a Chris Paul lob to
Blake Griffin , it appears that momentum could get stalled in court and could
drag out for years.

This will be a process in getting Donald Sterling to agree toward selling the
franchise,  said NBA TV analyst Stu Jackson, who previously served 13 years as
the league s executive vice president of basketball operations.  It s going to
be a battle of intellect, legal expertise and what they can finagle behind the
scenes.

Attempts to reach Sterling and his lawyer, Robert Platt, have been unsuccessful.
But shortly before the NBA s ruling, Fox News contributor Jim Gray reported
speaking with Sterling, who vowed he would not sell the team.

The NBA s constitutional bylaws require a three-fourths vote, and sources among
the NBA, the Clippers and law experts believe that ruling will become unanimous.
But the sense within the league suggests they are resigned toward Sterling
dragging this case out through litigation.

There is no way that man walks away without a battle,  said Lakers legend Magic
Johnson in an appearance Monday at Cal State Long Beach where he downplayed talk
he would partner up with an ownership group to buy the Clippers.

Sterling rarely shied away from the courtroom amid his 33 years overseeing the
Clippers  franchise.

He successfully fought off an employee who sued him in 2003 on sexual
harassment. In 2009, the court dismissed a case former Clippers general manager
Elgin Baylor filed against Sterling that charged both employment and racial
discrimination.

That same year, Sterling paid $2.7 million to settle a lawsuit that accused him
of practicing housing discrimination in various L.A.-based real estate
properties to blacks, Hispanics and families with children. In 2011, former
Clippers coach and general manager Mike Dunleavy was awarded $13.5 million
through arbitration after the Clippers initially stopped paying him the
remainder of his contract after he was fired in March 2010. In this case, law
experts believe Sterling will seek an injunction and then file suit, raising
both breach of contract and antitrust claims.

Yet, under Article 13 of the NBA constitution, an owner can be terminated with a
three-fourths vote from the Board of Governors if the franchise fails  to
fulfill its contractual obligations to the Association, its Members, Players, or
any other third party in such a way as to affect the Association or its Members
adversely.  In Article 24 of the NBA constitution, the commissioner s duties are
listed as  protecting the integrity of the game of professional basketball and
preserving public confidence in the League.

The league is on pretty solid footing,  USC law and business professor Michael
Chasalow said.  They have contractual rights to terminate Sterling. The only
limit with that is whether the league did not act in good faith in enforcing its
rights. That s impossible to prove given he started the whole thing with his
outrageous comments.

Sterling criticized a female friend named V. Stiviano for posting pictures of
herself and Johnson on Instagram and for bringing black friends to Clippers
games. Yet, Sterling could invoke privacy laws after an audio recording of that
conversation leaked to both TMZ and Deadspin.

He might try to become a crusader and martyr for privacy rights,  USC law
professor Jody Armour said of Sterling.  With the current day concerns about the
NSA intrusions into ordinary citizens  privacy, there are a lot of folks who
believe privacy rights are valuable. They may believe people deserve some
protection.

Silver dismissed such concerns about that topic, saying,  Whether or not these
remarks were shared in private, they are now public and they represent his
views.

But will such issues slow down the Clippers transition process?

Unanswered questions persist, including the nature of Sterling s trust that
includes his wife, Shelly, and whether she will stay on as the team s co-owner.
The NBA players union has said the league cannot allow that to happen.

I am concerned that if this process continues on, it may be at the sacrifice of
one the 30 NBA clubs,  Jackson said.  What s going to happen with that franchise
during the time that this battle rages on?

Jackson then cited the Clippers losing a flurry of sponsors and uncertainty
whether coach Doc Rivers and star players, such as Paul and Griffin would want
to stay if a lengthy legal fight ensues. Even amid this uncertainty, however,
law and sports economics experts find some hope Sterling will concede defeat.
Coupled with the Clippers  playoff resurgence, a potentially new cable deal and
an expected bidding war among competing ownership groups, experts predicted the
Clippers could sell as high as $1.6 billion. That number marks a stark increase
from the $575 million Forbes currently tabs as the franchise s worth.

If he wants to, he could tie it up for a very long time,  said Notre Dame sports
economics professor Richard Sheehan.  But I bet that he wouldn t. The cost of
him doing so would be very extreme.

Staff writer Chris Trevino contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Legal challenges loom in removing Donald Sterling from Clippers

BYLINE: Mark Medina

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


His words sounded forceful. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver classified Donald
Sterling s racially disparaging remarks on an audio tape  as deeply offensive
and hurtful.

His punishment seemed harsh yet fair. Silver issued Sterling a life-time ban, a
$2.5 million fine and urged the league s Board of Governors made up of NBA
owners to force him to sell the Clippers franchise.

His actions seemed quick. Silver plans to appoint a new chief executive officer
to oversee the Clippers, and the NBA announced Tuesday that president Andy
Roeser will take an indefinite leave of absence. The NBA will likely hold a vote
this week that rules Sterling must sell the team.

But with the NBA acting as swiftly and as powerfully as a Chris Paul lob to
Blake Griffin , it appears that momentum could get stalled in court and could
drag out for years.

This will be a process in getting Donald Sterling to agree toward selling the
franchise,  said NBA TV analyst Stu Jackson, who previously served 13 years as
the league s executive vice president of basketball operations.  It s going to
be a battle of intellect, legal expertise and what they can finagle behind the
scenes.

Attempts to reach Sterling and his lawyer, Robert Platt, have been unsuccessful.
But shortly before the NBA s ruling, Fox News contributor Jim Gray reported
speaking with Sterling, who vowed he would not sell the team.

The NBA s constitutional bylaws require a three-fourths vote, and sources among
the NBA, the Clippers and law experts believe that ruling will become unanimous.
But the sense within the league suggests they are resigned toward Sterling
dragging this case out through litigation.

There is no way that man walks away without a battle,  said Lakers legend Magic
Johnson in an appearance Monday at Cal State Long Beach where he downplayed talk
he would partner up with an ownership group to buy the Clippers.

Sterling rarely shied away from the courtroom amid his 33 years overseeing the
Clippers  franchise.

He successfully fought off an employee who sued him in 2003 on sexual
harassment. In 2009, the court dismissed a case former Clippers general manager
Elgin Baylor filed against Sterling that charged both employment and racial
discrimination.

That same year, Sterling paid $2.7 million to settle a lawsuit that accused him
of practicing housing discrimination in various L.A.-based real estate
properties to blacks, Hispanics and families with children. In 2011, former
Clippers coach and general manager Mike Dunleavy was awarded $13.5 million
through arbitration after the Clippers initially stopped paying him the
remainder of his contract after he was fired in March 2010. In this case, law
experts believe Sterling will seek an injunction and then file suit, raising
both breach of contract and antitrust claims.

Yet, under Article 13 of the NBA constitution, an owner can be terminated with a
three-fourths vote from the Board of Governors if the franchise fails  to
fulfill its contractual obligations to the Association, its Members, Players, or
any other third party in such a way as to affect the Association or its Members
adversely.  In Article 24 of the NBA constitution, the commissioner s duties are
listed as  protecting the integrity of the game of professional basketball and
preserving public confidence in the League.

The league is on pretty solid footing,  USC law and business professor Michael
Chasalow said.  They have contractual rights to terminate Sterling. The only
limit with that is whether the league did not act in good faith in enforcing its
rights. That s impossible to prove given he started the whole thing with his
outrageous comments.

Sterling criticized a female friend named V. Stiviano for posting pictures of
herself and Johnson on Instagram and for bringing black friends to Clippers
games. Yet, Sterling could invoke privacy laws after an audio recording of that
conversation leaked to both TMZ and Deadspin.

He might try to become a crusader and martyr for privacy rights,  USC law
professor Jody Armour said of Sterling.  With the current day concerns about the
NSA intrusions into ordinary citizens  privacy, there are a lot of folks who
believe privacy rights are valuable. They may believe people deserve some
protection.

Silver dismissed such concerns about that topic, saying,  Whether or not these
remarks were shared in private, they are now public and they represent his
views.

But will such issues slow down the Clippers transition process?

Unanswered questions persist, including the nature of Sterling s trust that
includes his wife, Shelly, and whether she will stay on as the team s co-owner.
The NBA players union has said the league cannot allow that to happen.

I am concerned that if this process continues on, it may be at the sacrifice of
one the 30 NBA clubs,  Jackson said.  What s going to happen with that franchise
during the time that this battle rages on?

Jackson then cited the Clippers losing a flurry of sponsors and uncertainty
whether coach Doc Rivers and star players, such as Paul and Griffin would want
to stay if a lengthy legal fight ensues. Even amid this uncertainty, however,
law and sports economics experts find some hope Sterling will concede defeat.
Coupled with the Clippers  playoff resurgence, a potentially new cable deal and
an expected bidding war among competing ownership groups, experts predicted the
Clippers could sell as high as $1.6 billion. That number marks a stark increase
from the $575 million Forbes currently tabs as the franchise s worth.

If he wants to, he could tie it up for a very long time,  said Notre Dame sports
economics professor Richard Sheehan.  But I bet that he wouldn t. The cost of
him doing so would be very extreme.

Staff writer Chris Trevino contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Legal challenges loom in removing Donald Sterling from Clippers

BYLINE: Mark Medina

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


His words sounded forceful. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver classified Donald
Sterling s racially disparaging remarks on an audio tape  as deeply offensive
and hurtful.

His punishment seemed harsh yet fair. Silver issued Sterling a life-time ban, a
$2.5 million fine and urged the league s Board of Governors made up of NBA
owners to force him to sell the Clippers franchise.

His actions seemed quick. Silver plans to appoint a new chief executive officer
to oversee the Clippers, and the NBA announced Tuesday that president Andy
Roeser will take an indefinite leave of absence. The NBA will likely hold a vote
this week that rules Sterling must sell the team.

But with the NBA acting as swiftly and as powerfully as a Chris Paul lob to
Blake Griffin , it appears that momentum could get stalled in court and could
drag out for years.

This will be a process in getting Donald Sterling to agree toward selling the
franchise,  said NBA TV analyst Stu Jackson, who previously served 13 years as
the league s executive vice president of basketball operations.  It s going to
be a battle of intellect, legal expertise and what they can finagle behind the
scenes.

Attempts to reach Sterling and his lawyer, Robert Platt, have been unsuccessful.
But shortly before the NBA s ruling, Fox News contributor Jim Gray reported
speaking with Sterling, who vowed he would not sell the team.

The NBA s constitutional bylaws require a three-fourths vote, and sources among
the NBA, the Clippers and law experts believe that ruling will become unanimous.
But the sense within the league suggests they are resigned toward Sterling
dragging this case out through litigation.

There is no way that man walks away without a battle,  said Lakers legend Magic
Johnson in an appearance Monday at Cal State Long Beach where he downplayed talk
he would partner up with an ownership group to buy the Clippers.

Sterling rarely shied away from the courtroom amid his 33 years overseeing the
Clippers  franchise.

He successfully fought off an employee who sued him in 2003 on sexual
harassment. In 2009, the court dismissed a case former Clippers general manager
Elgin Baylor filed against Sterling that charged both employment and racial
discrimination.

That same year, Sterling paid $2.7 million to settle a lawsuit that accused him
of practicing housing discrimination in various L.A.-based real estate
properties to blacks, Hispanics and families with children. In 2011, former
Clippers coach and general manager Mike Dunleavy was awarded $13.5 million
through arbitration after the Clippers initially stopped paying him the
remainder of his contract after he was fired in March 2010. In this case, law
experts believe Sterling will seek an injunction and then file suit, raising
both breach of contract and antitrust claims.

Yet, under Article 13 of the NBA constitution, an owner can be terminated with a
three-fourths vote from the Board of Governors if the franchise fails  to
fulfill its contractual obligations to the Association, its Members, Players, or
any other third party in such a way as to affect the Association or its Members
adversely.  In Article 24 of the NBA constitution, the commissioner s duties are
listed as  protecting the integrity of the game of professional basketball and
preserving public confidence in the League.

The league is on pretty solid footing,  USC law and business professor Michael
Chasalow said.  They have contractual rights to terminate Sterling. The only
limit with that is whether the league did not act in good faith in enforcing its
rights. That s impossible to prove given he started the whole thing with his
outrageous comments.

Sterling criticized a female friend named V. Stiviano for posting pictures of
herself and Johnson on Instagram and for bringing black friends to Clippers
games. Yet, Sterling could invoke privacy laws after an audio recording of that
conversation leaked to both TMZ and Deadspin.

He might try to become a crusader and martyr for privacy rights,  USC law
professor Jody Armour said of Sterling.  With the current day concerns about the
NSA intrusions into ordinary citizens  privacy, there are a lot of folks who
believe privacy rights are valuable. They may believe people deserve some
protection.

Silver dismissed such concerns about that topic, saying,  Whether or not these
remarks were shared in private, they are now public and they represent his
views.

But will such issues slow down the Clippers transition process?

Unanswered questions persist, including the nature of Sterling s trust that
includes his wife, Shelly, and whether she will stay on as the team s co-owner.
The NBA players union has said the league cannot allow that to happen.

I am concerned that if this process continues on, it may be at the sacrifice of
one the 30 NBA clubs,  Jackson said.  What s going to happen with that franchise
during the time that this battle rages on?

Jackson then cited the Clippers losing a flurry of sponsors and uncertainty
whether coach Doc Rivers and star players, such as Paul and Griffin would want
to stay if a lengthy legal fight ensues. Even amid this uncertainty, however,
law and sports economics experts find some hope Sterling will concede defeat.
Coupled with the Clippers  playoff resurgence, a potentially new cable deal and
an expected bidding war among competing ownership groups, experts predicted the
Clippers could sell as high as $1.6 billion. That number marks a stark increase
from the $575 million Forbes currently tabs as the franchise s worth.

If he wants to, he could tie it up for a very long time,  said Notre Dame sports
economics professor Richard Sheehan.  But I bet that he wouldn t. The cost of
him doing so would be very extreme.

Staff writer Chris Trevino contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           October 21, 2004 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SPECIAL ENDS BRITCOM 'THE OFFICE'

BYLINE: ROB OWEN, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; TV REVIEW; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1063 words


Brilliant, as the Brits would say, is the apt adjective to describe "The Office
Special," one last episode of the Britcom that premieres tonight at 9 on BBC
America.

David Brent (Ricky Gervais), the prototypical bad boss, is back for one last
round of humiliation. In "The Office," a BBC camera crew followed Brent in his
daily duties at the Wernham Hogg paper company. At the end of the show's second
and final season, Brent was laid off and his dim lackey Gareth (Mackenzie Crook)
took his place. The office's smartest and most empathetic character, Tim (Martin
Freeman), had his heart broken by receptionist Dawn (Lucy Davis) when she
spurned his advances in favor of another, lesser guy.

As the special begins, it's three years later and Brent has squandered his
severance pay recording a single (a remake of "If You Don't Know Me by Now") and
on a truly awful music video that accompanies it.

He's tried to parlay his "fame" as the star of the BBC2 "Office" documentary
series into a job, but he's reduced to appearing in clubs with other reality
show stars, yet he's always the biggest fool of the bunch. Wherever David Brent
goes, uncomfortable silences follow.

He works full-time selling office supplies door-to-door, but he always seems to
be back visiting his old office.

"He's here more often now than when he worked here," says Gareth, who encourages
Brent to call ahead before his next visit.

Although Gareth has moved into Brent's old office, a new, equally annoying
deskmate has taken his old spot next to Tim, who continues to pine for Dawn,
who's living illegally in Tampa, Fla., working as a baby sitter.

Brent finagles an invitation to the office Christmas party and lies about having
a date. So then he must come up with one, using a dating service as his guide.
His dates, predictably, do not go well through every fault of his own.

"Funny enough, the reason women wear necklaces is to draw attention to their
breasts," he tells his date. The woman says she wears the necklace because her
mother gave it to her before she died. And yet David persists.

"I mean ... she probably wore it to draw attention to hers," he says.

"I'm sorry, can we please not talk about my dead mother's breasts?" the date
says. And still, David continues.

In a phone interview earlier this week from New York, writer/director/star
Gervais said he likes uncomfortable comedy, but only when it's fiction.

"I'm squeamish," he said. "I really can't watch things like that when they're
real, real people in documentaries embarrassing themselves. We have a celebrity
program where celebrities go into the jungle to survive and one will go and
write a song and sing this awful song and I leave the room.

"I like the inappropriate nature of things," Gervais continued. "What's the
worst thing you can say at the worst time? What don't you do at a funeral and
board meeting? What's the worst thing you could do at a posh function?"

As for David Brent's attempt at a singing career, Gervais says succinctly,
"Delusion is funny and sad."

So it's no surprise he's a fan of HBO's "Curb Your Enthusiasm."

"I didn't see it until after I finished 'The Office,' but it's just about my
favorite show of the last year," Gervais said. "It is very similar, the comedy
of social embarrassment. It's very strange because even though the finished
product has the same flavor, they're from very different ingredients."

He points out that "Curb" is improvised and "The Office" is tightly scripted.
"Curb" is about an intelligent character who just can't let things go, whereas
David Brent in "The Office" doesn't know he's making a fool of himself. And
Larry David is famous whereas David Brent "jumps around saying, 'Pick me!' "

Gervais said he's a bigger fan of American film and TV than of the entertainment
coming out of England, and he particularly likes "24," "The Simpsons" and
"Arrested Development."

"Jason Bateman is one of the most likable, charismatic comedy actors," Gervais
said before volunteering himself for a role on "Arrested Development." "I want
one scene with Bateman in the next season."

He's already appeared on "Alias" but doesn't expect to make a return visit.

"I kept questioning the plots," he said. "I'm a sucker for motivation and
realism, and at one point one of the actors said to me, 'I don't know what's
going on either, I just learn this [stuff] phonetically.' "

He pointed to a scene where, after his character was darted in the neck, he woke
up in a Moscow hotel and went to the door without asking who was knocking.

"We laughed for about a half hour about the insanity of me just jumping up and
opening the door," Gervais said. "And then I got another dart in me."

He said that on "The Office" most of the day is spent acting, whereas on an
American drama such as "Alias" most of the time is taken up moving lighting
around.

"I was really spoiled with 'The Office,' " he said.

He's now working on another six-episode "naturalistic comedy" like "The Office"
that will premiere next summer in England and presumably at a later date in
America. It's called "Extras," and it focuses on actors who stand around in the
background. Although Gervais prefers naturalistic acting, meaning he won't
change his voice or "put on a silly wig," he's prepared to hear complaints that
the new character is another David Brent.

"This guy's a wisecracker," he said. "He says what's on his mind, but it doesn't
do him any good."

He's given his blessing to an American version of "The Office" that will air
next year on NBC ("I enjoyed it, I thought it was great," he said) and would
entertain a guest-starring spot on that series "down the line a little bit."

However, he says, despite a glimmer of hope that some viewers might see in the
final line of dialogue in "The Office Special," he's done with the original
"Office" for good, despite the protestations of fans that two seasons and one
special are not enough.

"I know what's good for them," he said. "They think they want more, but they
don't. It's like feeding a kid too much sweets. They like candy, but in the long
run it's better to take them to the dentist. That's what I'm doing by finishing.
I'm taking everyone to the dentist."

After tonight's premiere, "The Office Special" repeats at 9 p.m. Saturday and
Sunday on BBC America. It comes out on DVD Nov. 16, priced at $24.98.

"The Office Special"

* WHEN: 9 tonight on BBC America.

* STARRING: Ricky Gervais.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: TV editor Rob Owen can be reached at rowen@post-gazette.com or
412-263-2582. Ask TV questions at www.post-gazette.com/tv under TV Q&A.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: BBC Worldwide: Ricky Gervais' as David, left, and Mackenzie
Crook as Gareth star in "The Office Special."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Legal challenges loom in removing Donald Sterling from Clippers

BYLINE: Mark Medina

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


His words sounded forceful. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver classified Donald
Sterling s racially disparaging remarks on an audio tape  as deeply offensive
and hurtful.

His punishment seemed harsh yet fair. Silver issued Sterling a life-time ban, a
$2.5 million fine and urged the league s Board of Governors made up of NBA
owners to force him to sell the Clippers franchise.

His actions seemed quick. Silver plans to appoint a new chief executive officer
to oversee the Clippers, and the NBA announced Tuesday that president Andy
Roeser will take an indefinite leave of absence. The NBA will likely hold a vote
this week that rules Sterling must sell the team.

But with the NBA acting as swiftly and as powerfully as a Chris Paul lob to
Blake Griffin , it appears that momentum could get stalled in court and could
drag out for years.

This will be a process in getting Donald Sterling to agree toward selling the
franchise,  said NBA TV analyst Stu Jackson, who previously served 13 years as
the league s executive vice president of basketball operations.  It s going to
be a battle of intellect, legal expertise and what they can finagle behind the
scenes.

Attempts to reach Sterling and his lawyer, Robert Platt, have been unsuccessful.
But shortly before the NBA s ruling, Fox News contributor Jim Gray reported
speaking with Sterling, who vowed he would not sell the team.

The NBA s constitutional bylaws require a three-fourths vote, and sources among
the NBA, the Clippers and law experts believe that ruling will become unanimous.
But the sense within the league suggests they are resigned toward Sterling
dragging this case out through litigation.

There is no way that man walks away without a battle,  said Lakers legend Magic
Johnson in an appearance Monday at Cal State Long Beach where he downplayed talk
he would partner up with an ownership group to buy the Clippers.

Sterling rarely shied away from the courtroom amid his 33 years overseeing the
Clippers  franchise.

He successfully fought off an employee who sued him in 2003 on sexual
harassment. In 2009, the court dismissed a case former Clippers general manager
Elgin Baylor filed against Sterling that charged both employment and racial
discrimination.

That same year, Sterling paid $2.7 million to settle a lawsuit that accused him
of practicing housing discrimination in various L.A.-based real estate
properties to blacks, Hispanics and families with children. In 2011, former
Clippers coach and general manager Mike Dunleavy was awarded $13.5 million
through arbitration after the Clippers initially stopped paying him the
remainder of his contract after he was fired in March 2010. In this case, law
experts believe Sterling will seek an injunction and then file suit, raising
both breach of contract and antitrust claims.

Yet, under Article 13 of the NBA constitution, an owner can be terminated with a
three-fourths vote from the Board of Governors if the franchise fails  to
fulfill its contractual obligations to the Association, its Members, Players, or
any other third party in such a way as to affect the Association or its Members
adversely.  In Article 24 of the NBA constitution, the commissioner s duties are
listed as  protecting the integrity of the game of professional basketball and
preserving public confidence in the League.

The league is on pretty solid footing,  USC law and business professor Michael
Chasalow said.  They have contractual rights to terminate Sterling. The only
limit with that is whether the league did not act in good faith in enforcing its
rights. That s impossible to prove given he started the whole thing with his
outrageous comments.

Sterling criticized a female friend named V. Stiviano for posting pictures of
herself and Johnson on Instagram and for bringing black friends to Clippers
games. Yet, Sterling could invoke privacy laws after an audio recording of that
conversation leaked to both TMZ and Deadspin.

He might try to become a crusader and martyr for privacy rights,  USC law
professor Jody Armour said of Sterling.  With the current day concerns about the
NSA intrusions into ordinary citizens  privacy, there are a lot of folks who
believe privacy rights are valuable. They may believe people deserve some
protection.

Silver dismissed such concerns about that topic, saying,  Whether or not these
remarks were shared in private, they are now public and they represent his
views.

But will such issues slow down the Clippers transition process?

Unanswered questions persist, including the nature of Sterling s trust that
includes his wife, Shelly, and whether she will stay on as the team s co-owner.
The NBA players union has said the league cannot allow that to happen.

I am concerned that if this process continues on, it may be at the sacrifice of
one the 30 NBA clubs,  Jackson said.  What s going to happen with that franchise
during the time that this battle rages on?

Jackson then cited the Clippers losing a flurry of sponsors and uncertainty
whether coach Doc Rivers and star players, such as Paul and Griffin would want
to stay if a lengthy legal fight ensues. Even amid this uncertainty, however,
law and sports economics experts find some hope Sterling will concede defeat.
Coupled with the Clippers  playoff resurgence, a potentially new cable deal and
an expected bidding war among competing ownership groups, experts predicted the
Clippers could sell as high as $1.6 billion. That number marks a stark increase
from the $575 million Forbes currently tabs as the franchise s worth.

If he wants to, he could tie it up for a very long time,  said Notre Dame sports
economics professor Richard Sheehan.  But I bet that he wouldn t. The cost of
him doing so would be very extreme.

Staff writer Chris Trevino contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 20, 1995, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
Economics 101: Baseball Owners' Egos Would Ease the Luxury Tax

BYLINE: By GEORGE VECSEY

SECTION: Section C;  Page 4;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 841 words


IT'S almost time for the baseball players to end this thing. Time for them to
proclaim: "The war is over. We won." They have outlasted the salary cap, and
isn't that why they tipped over their water buckets and marched out of the coal
mines last August?

The wonderful owners are no longer demanding an artificial salary ceiling for
every club, and isn't that why those jokers killed the World Series? Instead of
fighting over a salary cap, the owners and the players are now fighting over
something called a luxury tax.

According to a noted economist -- that is to say, me -- the players can live
with the luxury tax, which is based upon one of life's great certainties: the
individual arrogance of the baseball owners.

Oh, I don't think the players should settle just yet. They should keep a
militant posture until that raggle-taggle latter-day Coxey's Army of scab
players debases baseball in the first week of March. Fans should be exposed to
just how low Bud Selig and John Harrington and Jerry Reinsdorf and the Tribune
people will sink. Then the baseball players should cut a deal. Announce they are
saving America from the owners.

You could see why the baseball players didn't want the salary cap. It gives
owners and general managers a legal excuse not to finagle. In basketball, the
Phoenix Suns induced Danny Manning to play for only $1 million a year in order
to fit under their salary cap, and the poor guy tore up his knee, so now he
depends on the generosity of an owner. In football, the San Francisco 49ers cut
private deals with players to fit them into the salary cap, and they won the
Super Bowl, and all kinds of bonuses kicked in.

Baseball players did not want a future of 28 general managers wringing their
hands and saying, tsk-tsk, there was no more money left because of that big, bad
salary cap. Now we have Bud Selig, the owner of the Milwaukee Brewers, who is
acting as commissioner, assuring us, "The clubs moved away from a salary cap.
The luxury tax is a mechanism to put a drag on salaries, but it must be
meaningful to have an effect on salaries."

The mediator Bill Usery Jr. has proposed, apparently just for openers, a luxury
tax of 50 percent on all club payrolls above $40 million, the average club
payroll. If a club right at the $40 million level wanted to sign one player for
$2 million for one year, it would have to pay an extra tax of $1 million. That
sounds like a significant jump in cost, but look at the way the owners have
fought each other for the privilege of paying fortunes to swaggering
mediocrities. You think the owners are going to stop splurging? I don't.

The luxury-tax concept appeals to me because the tax itself would presumably go
to the lower-market clubs. The owners are too selfish to openly share their
vastly disparate local television revenues, but they could accept playing Robin
Hood, robbing from the rich to give to the poor.

And at the risk of sounding like some trickle-down voodoo Reaganite economist, I
say that every dollar in luxury tax that helps keep teams in worthwhile towns
like Seattle, Pittsburgh, San Diego and Montreal only gets spent again -- in
player salaries. So what's the harm?

"We don't believe the clubs should be penalized for going after players, for
thinking this is a nefarious activity," said Gene Orza, the lawyer with the
Players Association. "We tax cigarettes, but if we taxed them at, let's say,
$5,000 a pack, people wouldn't buy them. Why would a club want to pay a tax most
Americans wouldn't want to pay?"

The fact is, there are already so-called "sin taxes" on items like cigarettes,
alcohol and gambling. People do pay to play. It adds an extra fillip of danger
to their habit. The owners can relate.

It is significant that the players are counterproposing a 5 percent tax on
payrolls between $20 million and $40 million, 15 percent on payrolls between $52
million and $64 million and 25 percent above $64 million.

Orza said the players support some form of revenue-sharing for the smaller
markets. They just want a lower tax, lesser drag, more action from the owners.
As David Stern, the commissioner of the National Basketball Association, always
reminds me, it's always about numbers.

Besides, history tells us that baseball owners will never stop spending money.
They need a relief pitcher in August, a power hitter in the off season, a
one-time superstar to finally produce a champion, they will spend the money.

"I know Freddie Wilpon, I know Paul Beeston, I know George Steinbrenner," Bud
Selig said the other day, talking about operators of the wealthy Mets, Blue Jays
and Yankees.

Baseball owners have always believed they were smarter than each other. That's
how their payrolls got so high. The owners would treat a luxury tax as just some
annoying (but in its own way prideful) assessment down at the country club.

The players should take the owners up on a negotiated luxury tax. But first they
should rub the owners' noses in the first week of scab exhibitions. That stench
would never go away.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Kirkus Reviews

                            January 21, 2013, Monday

BREAKING SEAS;
An overweight, middle-aged computer nerd buys his first boat, quits his job, and
sails off to adventure

SECTION: NONFICTION; Memoir

LENGTH: 332  words


A computer programmer pursues a sailor's life in this amusing debut memoir.
Glenn Damato always dreamed of sailing around the world and, at age 41, he
decided to quit his well-paid job as a software instructor, raid his nest egg
and unfurl the sails. His Silicon Valley comrades are dubious--he's overweight
and has never set foot on a sailing boat. Indeed, Damato has a hidden motive for
leaving civilization behind: His love life is at a standstill. During his last
date, the woman didn't even get out of her car when she saw him. "I am guilty of
an Appearance Crime worse than ugliness," he writes. "I am a diminutiveman." So
it's off to the sea for the would-be mariner, who buys a fixer-upper named
Serenity and spends much of this book trying to make the vessel seaworthy.

Damato seems a bit overconfident about his sailing skills, as he merely takes an
introductory course, but he's definitely a skilled mechanic--he used to work on
a nuclear submarine. As a writer, Damato makes his rehabilitation of the craft
surprisingly interesting, and he mines plenty of comedy from his ineptitude. For
example, when he installs a glorified mulch box as the boat's toilet, the
decision haunts him in the form of "baby diaper stench" and dry heaves. Damato's
interactions with people also provide plenty of cringing humor as he manages to
finagle a crew for his maiden voyage: Joyce, an acerbic hippie; Richard, a Coors
Light chain-drinker; and Megan, who harbors romantic feelings for our hero. Is
there any chance their trip will end in anything but disaster? Damato's
self-deprecating style goes a long way toward engaging readers' sympathies, and
his pithy prose keeps the story speeding along, even if landlubbers may
occasionally get lost during some of the more jargon-heavy passages. An aquatic
comedy of errors for anyone who's ever thought about "going off the grid."

Publication Date: 2012-11-30

Publisher: Ninth Circle Press

Stage: Indie

ISBN: 978-0985816209

Price: $14.95

Author: Glenn Damato

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2013 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2011 Friday

College officials testify

BYLINE: Tom Mclaughlin, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1317 words


March 25--TALLAHASSEE -- In his opening statement Monday, State Attorney Willie
Meggs compared building his grand theft case against Ray Sansom and Jay Odom to
putting together a puzzle.

More pieces were added Thursday as Meggs spent the day calling employees and
former employees of Northwest Florida State College to the witness stand. Each
provided at least one nugget of information that Meggs will tell jurors at the
end of the trial proves Sansom and Odom worked together in 2007 to finagle $6
million in state education funds to build an airplane hangar for Odom at his
business at Destin Airport.

The two are charged with grand theft and the conspiracy to commit grand theft.

Jeff Schembera was vice president of administrative services at the college
until 2004. He testified that he helped Sansom and former college President Bob
Richburg -- a former defendant with Sansom and Odom -- draw up a justification
statement in 2007 to request $6 million for what was termed a joint-use
emergency response workforce center.

But shown a copy of the final document used to secure the funding, Schembera
noted two items he said were errors he would not commit. One was a designation
making Destin Airport the single site for the project and the second was an
omission of a letter "e" that would have requested equipment for the facility
also to be paid for by the state.

Meggs will contend the citing error was not an error at all, that there was only
one place the jointuse facility -- or Odom's hangar -- would be built. And
equipment, primarily furniture, wasn't needed.

One witness called who was not employed presently or at one time by the college
was Jerry McDaniel, who was Gov. Charlie Crist's budget director in 2007.

McDaniel recalled seeing the $6 million request for funding and noting it had
appeared without going through usual channels. His staff recommended it be
vetoed by the governor, but Crist chose not to do so, McDaniel testified.

McDaniel couldn't say why Crist didn't use his veto but said the governor and
everyone else knew that Sansom, the state House speaker-designate in 2007, soon
would occupy the speaker's seat.

"This was the speaker's project," McDaniel said.

Gary Yancey, the vice president of administrative affairs at NWF State College
in 2007, testified that he was instructed to develop a college facility at
Destin Airport.

He told Meggs he had not planned for a facility at Destin Airport until after
the $6 million appropriation had been approved, and that he never considered
making a request to the state for Public Education Capital Outlay funds for such
a building.

He told the jury the college conducts a survey every five years to assess its
facility needs. The list of its needs is forwarded to the state Department of
Education, which pares down all the lists it receives to develop its own
threeyear list of priorities.

Meggs asked Yancey if a need for something such as the joint-use building did
arise if he would include it, like he does other projects, in his five-year list
of priorities.

Yancey testified that he would.

Yancey said he wasn't expecting the project to be dropped in his lap, but once
it was he did everything he could to make it work as the Legislature had
determined it should. He said he knew there was going to be 15,000 square feet
of open room hardly ever used, and he favored leasing that space to an outside
organization, preferably Odom's Destin Jet business.

He also said he knew of no plans to lease the building.

Yancey testified that he was frustrated and complained when he was informed that
the college would only be given 6,000 square feet of the 24,000-square-foot
building for classroom space.

He said he attended a meeting with Richburg and Odom to discuss the issue and
the question "what would be the biggest aircraft stored in there?" was asked.
Yancey testified Odom told college officials that he was OK with reducing the
size of the available aircraft storage space.

Yancey also testified that by early 2009, Richburg had become "increasingly
frustrated with negative media." He testified that he informed Richburg in an
email in February 2009 that architect Jim Dowling had altered the wording on
architectural documents so that the wording used to describe a 15,000-square
foot open space in the building went from "hangar" to "a large staging area."

Yancey also testified that Richburg "at some point told me we were not going to
lease it (the building) to anybody for anything."

Jill White, former senior vice president at the college, testified about her
efforts to develop academic programs for the joint-use facility. She said
development of the programs was different for that building because typically an
"assessment of need" is conducted before program development begins.

Asked about comments such as "I don't think we really have to commit to programs
right now" and "we could reasonably decide to do these things in the near
future," White testified that she was being asked to create classes for which
the college didn't have faculty and other important resources to provide.

She also testified Richburg had emailed her as programs were being developed to
tell her "we're going to have to have something with an emergency response
focus."

Brian Shonk, a division head over the school's public safety curriculum in 2007,
also testified about his struggles to put together a curriculum on short notice
in a building with limited space.

Shonk, who now is a dean at the college, said he originally was given 6,000
square feet of classroom space to work with, but that number eventually was
bumped up to 9,000 square feet. In early 2009, Shonk said he was given the word
he could use the entire 24,000-square-foot building to teach public safety
classes.

Meggs asked him if he knew what had caused the college to suddenly decide he
could have so much space.

"There was a lot of media attention surrounding the Destin special purposes
building," Shonk answered.

While Meggs was adding pieces to his puzzle, attorneys for Sansom and Odom were
chipping away at it.

Each of the college officials testified that they never tried to hide
information or attempt to deceive anyone during their work on the project. Each
said they were dedicated to making the facility work as a joint-use emergency
response workforce center.

There also was more testimony that colleges across the state have the right to
lease property. Yancey testified that Northwest Florida State College has leased
its fine arts center to outside entities. He testified that if the joint-use
center ever had been built, he would have urged the college president to have
the school's board of trustees approve a lease agreement.

Presented with an email from Dowling that stated "have it confirmed from user of
the staging area that multiple aircraft will be stored," Yancey was asked, "Did
you care who the user was?"

"I didn't give it a thought," he answered.

"Even if the building were built," a lawyer for Odom continued, "you would have
tried to lease the building ... "

"I would have tried to convince Dr. Richburg to take it to the board of
trustees," Yancey said.

"Because it's just good business sense, isn't it?" the lawyer asked.

"Yes," Yancey replied.

Meggs' puzzle could be completed today. He said witnesses would be Richburg, who
agreed in a deal struck just before the trial started to testify for the
prosecution; Jim Anderson, Meggs' investigator; and Gary Paulzak, a
controversial and reluctant Fort Walton Beach insurance agent with an
interesting connection to Odom and Sansom.

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nwfdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Northwest
Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110325-FO-College-officials-testify-0325-20110325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2011 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             March 16, 2009, Monday

Promo codes: What more online shoppers expect

BYLINE: Sarah More McCann Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: Money & Values; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 656 words


Flowers: $29.99. Chocolates: $25.00. Two tickets to the latest romantic comedy:
$19.50 - not including the popcorn.

Amid a recession, the costs of dating could make even the most ardent of suitors
wilt.

But retail experts say there's a silver lining for consumers who fear being
launched into the red.

Online shoppers who enter specific promotional codes at checkout can save $4 on
movie tickets, 10 percent on flowers, and can even finagle a discount on an
engagement ring, according to Promotionalcodes.com, one of many websites
dedicated to sharing retailers' discount offers.

Retailers used to provide these codes only to select costumers. But an economy
in free fall has inspired more consumers to scour the Internet for deals. Minus
a few exceptions, stores are desperate to unload merchandise and haven't fussed
much about the widespread dispersion of their codes, which can offer consumers
serious discounts.

But what retailers may view as a short-term compromise during an economic slump
could incite a shift in the landscape of online sales, some retail experts
surmise. Customers have gotten used to the deals - and may refuse to return to
paying full price once the economy rights itself.

"Consumers are trained to have free shipping and [to] use a discount code.
Retailers will attempt to wean them off. But consumers are trained that that's
how the process works," says Donna Hoffman, codirector of the Sloan Center for
Internet Retailing at the University of California at Riverside. "Depending on
how deep the recession is and how long things go ... the more difficult it is
going to be" for retailers to make the switch back.

Some 75 percent of online retailers offer promotional codes or coupons, says
Lenka Keston, product marketing manager for Promotionalcodes.com. Her
organization works with more than 5,000 retailers across the country, and she's
seen increases in the numbers of retailers sending her their codes.

"It's really hard for a retailer to be competitive without them now," Ms. Keston
says of the codes. "Now if you want to compete online and you don't offer the
codes or coupons, the consumer will go to your competition."

In December, 31.6 million people visited a coupon or promotional code website, a
46 percent increase over December 2007, says Andrew Lipsman, director of
industry analysis at ComScore.

"The prevailing reason is clearly the economy. You might find that the economy
forced people to become more Internet savvy and that they have sustained this
over time," he says.

But what may have begun as a belt-tightening task has turned into a consumer
habit, says Mr. Lipsman, who typically uses Google Suggest to find codes for his
online purchases.

Shoppers have become more resourceful in their hunt for codes. Five years ago,
Professor Hoffman says, research indicated that some consumers who didn't have a
promotional code felt slighted and would abandon their online cart at checkout.

"Now its like a sport. It's not a question of being upset [if you don't have a
code]. Online shoppers are savvy," she says, adding that any time during
checkout, consumers can open a new browser window on their computer screen and
hunt for the needed code via any number of code-sharing websites or by typing
the item into a search query and seeing what pops up.

Retailers, too, could continue to benefit from promotional code use, Lipsman
says. ComScore research found that last holiday season, during weeks when online
stores offered more free-shipping deals, the share of transactions that offered
no charge on shipping went up. But so did the cost of the items consumers
purchased - consumers spent more in the end.

This could transfer to online coupons and promotional codes, he says.

"Consumers are tightening their belts. Things are grim overall," Hoffman says.
"But in online shopping, things are not quite as grim. Amazon just reported
their best-ever year."

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 7, 2011 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CHAMPS HURT SO GOOD. WOODSON & DRIVER WATCH PACK HOLD ON

BYLINE: BY MANISH MEHTA & RALPH VACCHIANO

SECTION: SPORTS; SUPER BOWL 45 INSIDER; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 678 words


ARLINGTON, Tex. - Charles Woodson waited eight long years to get a second chance
to win a Super Bowl and he hated having to stand on the sidelines and watch it
happen. "It was very hard to watch," Woodson said afterward. "But not anymore."

The agony of injuries was replaced by the unrestrained joy of a long-awaited
championship for the 34-year-old Woodson and 36-year-old Donald Driver, both of
whom were knocked out of Super Bowl XLV in the first half. Woodson broke his
collarbone. Driver suffered a high ankle sprain.

Both of them were standing helplessly on the sidelines when the Packers finally
put away the Steelers, 31-25.

"It was very hard," Driver said. "I went in at halftime and the doctor told me
that we were going to try to tape it up and see if I could go. I couldn't jump
on it anymore and he told me I was done, even though I felt like I could still
go. He said, 'No good.'

"Sometimes you have to follow what the doctor says. I followed the doctor's
orders."

While Driver, the Packers' receiver, was trying to finagle his way back onto the
field, Woodson already knew he was out. So the cornerback and captain instead
delivered some inspirational words.

"I told the guys before they went back out, they understand how much I wanted
it," Woodson said. "I was pretty emotional so I didn't get a whole lot out, but
just to tell them to get it done. And they did."

Woodson was still in pain after the game, but he said, "I'm a champ, so it
doesn't matter. World champion. That's what it's all about."

RINGING IT IN

How confident were the Packers? On Saturday, coach Mike McCarthy had the team
fitted for its championship rings.

"It's a pretty quiet process," Packers guard Daryn Colledge said. "It's a ring
fitting like you probably did for your own wedding ring. I think it just sets
that mental mind-set that you've got to go out there and you've got something to
accomplish."

BAD IDEA

Before Rashard Mendenhall's fourth-quarter fumble swung the momentum back to the
Packers, Steelers coach Mike Tomlin nearly did so when he decided to have Shaun
Suisham try a 52-yard field goal with 4:29 left in the third quarter and the
Steelers trailing 21-17.

He missed badly, wide left, giving the Packers the ball near midfield. The
Steelers dodged the bullet when the Packers were forced to punt. "That was a
terrible decision by me in hindsight," Tomlin admitted. "That wasn't even
close."

NUMBERS GAME

The NFL announced the attendance as 91,060, including those outside the stadium
in the Party Plaza. It also took the unusual step of announcing there were
12,159 "credentialed" people at the game, including media, workers and league
officials. That brought the "total" to 103,219.

No word on whether that included the 400 unlucky people who bought $800 tickets
to the game, but were left without seats because several sections of temporary
seating weren't completed in time.

PACK GETS THE JUMP

The Packers have scored first in all five Super Bowl appearances. . . . The
Packers had 50 rushing yards - second-fewest ever for a Super Bowl-winning team.
The St. Louis Rams had just 29 in Super Bowl XXIV. . . . Had the Steelers
rallied from a 21-3 deficit, it would've been the largest comeback in Super Bowl
history. The record is 10 points, twice, including by the New Orleans Saints
last year.

PAIN REIGNS

Steelers rookie wide receiver Emmanuel Sanders was carted off the field in the
second quarter with a foot injury. He was placed in a walking boot and didn't
return. Pittsburgh cornerback Bryant McFadden (hip) and right tackle Flozell
Adams (left shoulder) left the game for a short time in the first half before
returning.

HAVING THEIR PHIL

In what is fast becoming a ritual for the Steelers, Mike Tomlin had his team
listen to a CD of Phil Collins' "In the Air Tonight" on Saturday night to
visualize its goals, as Tomlin had before the AFC title game. Asked about
Tomlin's message, one player told the NFL Network, "Nothing much actually. Phil
Collins runs the meeting."

The Packers, on the other hand, had motivational speaker Kevin Elko address them
on Saturday night.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Packers LB Matt Wilhelm celebrates Super Bowl victory over Steelers
with daughter Tianna in a sea of confetti last night in Arlington. Photo by AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

BUCS ON A SHAMELESS QUEST

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 574 words


Gobsmack Alert!

Before continuing, swallow any food or beverages you are in the midst of
consuming. Return small children you might be holding to a safe place. Please be
seated. Take a deep breath. Let us proceed.

The Tampa Bay Buccaneers - 3 and 5 on the field - have submitted paperwork to
the Florida Department of Economic Opportunity to apply for a $1 million-a-year
state facility grant for the next 12 years. Say, that was a nasty spit-take. But
you were forewarned.

The public money would be used to help fund renovations to Helloooo Sucker
Stadium, which was built with public money to support a privately owned sports
franchise.

At the same time, the lease agreement with the Bucs is one of the most generous
rental agreements since the Romans occupied the Coliseum, giving the team a huge
slice of non-NFL events at Wanna Buy A Duck Field. This capitalism stuff is a
pip.

And now the heirs of the late Bucs' owner Malcolm Glazer, Zippity and Doo-Dah,
want even more public tribute laid at their feet. And it should be noted Glazer
once promised to pay for half of Grifterland Stadium but eventually stiffed the
community on his pledge.

If you think current Bucs' proprietors, Boom and Chuck-A-Lucka, must be living
in a parallel universe by trying to finagle $12 million in public money when
they have done precious little to pay for their fair share of Teapot Dome Park,
you wouldn't be too far off.

After all, according to Forbes Magazine, the Daffodils of Dale Mabry have an
estimated market value of $1.5 billion. The team also generates $313 million in
revenues. The Glazers, again according to Forbes, are the 63rd wealthiest family
in the United States with a net worth of $4.5 billion. Yet they need to pick the
state's pocket for an additional $12 million? Why bother to pay for stuff
yourself if you can find another chump to grab the tab?

It's not called the Florida Department of Economic Opportunity for nothing.

We are both spoiled and sucker-punched in this community. At one end of town,
Tampa Bay Lightning owner Jeff Vinik has reached into his own pocket to pay for
renovations to Amalie Arena.

Then there are the Bucs, hitting up Florida taxpayers to cover some of their
maintenance costs.

The panhandling of Tallahassee for $12 million comes at a time when the Pansies
of Himes Avenue are feuding with the Tampa Sports Authority over renovations to
Three Card Monte Field. One of the testier issues is an effort on the part of
the team to play two "home" games away from Tammany Hall Stadium, perhaps in
London.

So the Tampa Bay Buccaneers want to play 25 percent of their home games away
from home, away from the community that gave them a free stadium, away from a
loyal fan base that has endured years of stumblebum mediocrity, away from the
very people who have helped make Malcolm Glazer's bouncing bundles of joy, Hop
and Scotch, very wealthy lads.

So much for loyalty. So much for customer service.

The away home games deal that the Water Lillies of Martin Luther King Boulevard
so covet must be worth a bazillion dollars to the team, since the Glazers have
offered to pay as much as $75 million to $100 million to lose football games
away from Tampa. And that's roughly the number Malcolm Glazer would have paid
for his half of Joe Isuzu Park.

The good news is at last Hillsborough County would get the money it is owed. And
that would be two fewer lousy football games the community won't have to watch.

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 30, 2002 Wednesday

Frustrated parents push for change in Alum Rock

BYLINE: John Fensterwald

LENGTH: 690 words


It was as if a dam had been breached. When it was her turn, Lupe Carreno
expressed the pent-up bitterness of a generation of parents of the Alum Rock
School District.

"Since the day my children were born, I promised myself that it didn't matter
what it took, but I would make sure my kids attended a university.

"However, year after year I get more frustrated," she told school trustee
candidates at a forum Monday night. "I know that there is no possible way that
with the education they are receiving they will be able to compete, and have a
chance of getting into a university."

Carreno's children are not yet in high school. Yet already, she and other
parents feel a sense of doom. "It is almost like being penalized for living in
this district," she said.

Problems that she and others cited read like an indictment: classes without
textbooks, students without schedules, low test scores, bad facilities. A
constant churn of administrators and teachers. Little parental involvement.
Failed leadership.

Many of those who can afford it send their children to private schools; some
finagle an address in Berryessa to send their kids to another district. But
others -- their numbers appear to be growing -- have vowed to stay and fight to
improve the schools.

You can sense rumblings of discontent this year in Alum Rock. Grassroots groups
like ACORN and church-based PACT -- People Acting in Community Together -- are
organizing parents. Three seats on the school board -- a majority -- are open;
four good candidates, some with years of experience in the community, are
running. Only one incumbent, Esau Herrera, a man who has contributed to and been
smack in the center of the turmoil of the past decade, is seeking another term.

But even if one of the challengers managed to dislodge Herrera, that would be
just the start. Despair and complacency are the entrenched incumbents in Alum
Rock. They're hard to budge.

Urban, mostly minority school districts like Alum Rock face enormous barriers of
language, poverty and transience. Even when all sides are pulling together in
harmony, with motivated teachers, active parents and strong administrators,
progress can be slow. When there's no sense of direction or a decade of chaos
and personal feuding, the system collapses. Alum Rock, parents say, has become a
bunker.

PACT, which organized the forum at the Mexican Heritage Plaza, has its own
strategy for creating change. It wants to set up charter schools and small,
autonomous schools, based on successful models in New York City. And it wants
them soon, starting next September.

PACT has done battle with the district before. The last superintendent, Joseph
Carrillo, referred to the group publicly as "Padres Actuando Como Tontos" --
"People Acting Like Idiots," Carreno said. He discouraged teachers and
principals from working with parents. PACT is hoping the new superintendent,
Alfonso Anaya, will be more open to working with them.

PACT's plan for alternative schools is a response to a district and a school
board resistant to change. And yet at the Monday forum, no one embraced PACT's
ideas more enthusiastically and signed the PACT "covenant" on stage with more
relish than Herrera.

Never mind the contradiction between his words and his past acts of bad faith;
the testimonials of despair he had just heard, and the sharp criticisms of
district administrators and the school board on which he has been a fixture for
a dozen years. Flipping as seamlessly as a Mobius Strip, Herrera presented
himself not as an incumbent but as a crusader.

"I will assist you," he vowed. "I will take the policy to the board. I support
charter schools, as a way to take power away from politicians."

PACT's platform included a pledge of accountability. Herrera, like most of the
others, signed that, too.

"I'm not afraid to make my opinions known," he said. "I need to hold myself
accountable, and I expect that you will hold me accountable."

Of course, Herrera was referring to the next four years. Nov. 5 should also be a
referendum on the last 12.

John Fensterwald is a Mercury News editorial writer.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                     October 30, 2002 Wednesday MO1 EDITION

Frustrated parents push for change in Alum Rock

SECTION: B; Pg. OP2

LENGTH: 690 words


IT was as if a dam had been breached. When it was her turn, Lupe Carreno
expressed the pent-up bitterness of a generation of parents of the Alum Rock
School District.

"Since the day my children were born, I promised myself that it didn't matter
what it took, but I would make sure my kids attended a university.

"However, year after year I get more frustrated," she told school trustee
candidates at a forum Monday night. "I know that there is no possible way that
with the education they are receiving they will be able to compete, and have a
chance of getting into a university."

Carreno's children are not yet in high school. Yet already, she and other
parents feel a sense of doom. "It is almost like being penalized for living in
this district," she said.

Problems that she and others cited read like an indictment: classes without
textbooks, students without schedules, low test scores, bad facilities. A
constant churn of administrators and teachers. Little parental involvement.
Failed leadership.

Many of those who can afford it send their children to private schools; some
finagle an address in Berryessa to send their kids to another district. But
others -- their numbers appear to be growing -- have vowed to stay and fight to
improve the schools.

You can sense rumblings of discontent this year in Alum Rock. Grassroots groups
like ACORN and church-based PACT -- People Acting in Community Together -- are
organizing parents. Three seats on the school board -- a majority -- are open;
four good candidates, some with years of experience in the community, are
running. Only one incumbent, Esau Herrera, a man who has contributed to and been
smack in the center of the turmoil of the past decade, is seeking another term.

But even if one of the challengers managed to dislodge Herrera, that would be
just the start. Despair and complacency are the entrenched incumbents in Alum
Rock. They're hard to budge.

Urban, mostly minority school districts like Alum Rock face enormous barriers of
language, poverty and transience. Even when all sides are pulling together in
harmony, with motivated teachers, active parents and strong administrators,
progress can be slow. When there's no sense of direction or a decade of chaos
and personal feuding, the system collapses. Alum Rock, parents say, has become a
bunker.

PACT, which organized the forum at the Mexican Heritage Plaza, has its own
strategy for creating change. It wants to set up charter schools and small,
autonomous schools, based on successful models in New York City. And it wants
them soon, starting next September.

PACT has done battle with the district before. The last superintendent, Joseph
Carrillo, referred to the group publicly as "Padres Actuando Como Tontos" --
"People Acting Like Idiots," Carreno said. He discouraged teachers and
principals from working with parents. PACT is hoping the new superintendent,
Alfonso Anaya, will be more open to working with them.

PACT's plan for alternative schools is a response to a district and a school
board resistant to change. And yet at the Monday forum, no one embraced PACT's
ideas more enthusiastically and signed the PACT "covenant" on stage with more
relish than Herrera.

Never mind the contradiction between his words and his past acts of bad faith;
the testimonials of despair he had just heard, and the sharp criticisms of
district administrators and the school board on which he has been a fixture for
a dozen years. Flipping as seamlessly as a Mobius Strip, Herrera presented
himself not as an incumbent but as a crusader.

"I will assist you," he vowed. "I will take the policy to the board. I support
charter schools, as a way to take power away from politicians."

PACT's platform included a pledge of accountability. Herrera, like most of the
others, signed that, too.

"I'm not afraid to make my opinions known," he said. "I need to hold myself
accountable, and I expect that you will hold me accountable."

Of course, Herrera was referring to the next four years. Nov. 5 should also be a
referendum on the last 12.

John Fensterwald is a Mercury News editorial writer.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            February 7, 2011 Monday

Officials hope for 'fair' redistricting

BYLINE: By Diana M. Alba / dalba@lcsun-news.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1222 words


Correction: The start time of Tuesday's meeting is 9:30 a.m.

--

To view the meeting agenda, click here.

LAS CRUCES - Every 10 years after new census data is released, Dona Ana County
and Las Cruces elected officials redraw the boundaries of their own voting
districts.

Redistricting, whether here or in any other part of the country, is fraught with
opportunity for stacking the deck politically. At stake is that officials could
align the new boundaries to favor their own re-election bids. Or use the process
as a tool to undercut a political rival. Or finagle the lines to give undue
momentum to a political party of their choice for years to come.

Redistricting, as weighty as the process is, often doesn't appear on the
public's radar, said Bill McCamley, a member of Southern New Mexico Common
Cause, a government watchdog group, and most recently an unsuccessful candidate
for the state Public Regulation Commission.

"It's very, very important to how the democratic process works," said McCamley,
also a former Dona Ana County commissioner. "Unfortunately, most people don't
understand it or see where the value of a fair redistricting process can lay."

Dona Ana County and Las Cruces already have started the groundwork for
redistricting. The city has hired an independent consultant, the
Albuquerque-based Research and Polling Inc., to study the city's demographics
and design three proposals for redrawing districts, City Manager Robert Garza
said.

Dona Ana County

County Manager Brian Haines said the county plans to piggyback on the city's
contract and hire the firm to do the same job countywide.

County commissioners have asked in previous meetings for an outside consultant
to be hired. Haines said the thinking is that that will distance county staffers
and elected officials from the development of the proposal. The consultant's
goal, he said, will be to create a handful of redistricting options for the
commission to select from. Haines said though he wasn't county manager at the
time, the last redistricting process entailed a consultant who offered options.
But the county commission at the time rejected all of them, instead opting to
draw its own boundaries.

"The idea is to make sensible, natural geographic boundaries, not just randomly
drawn and cutting through neighborhoods and towns, which is kind of what
happened in the past," he said.

The last redistricting process left Commission District 1 with an expansive area
that stretches from Garfield to just north of Anthony.

County Commission Chairwoman Dolores Saldana-Caviness, whose district covers
Santa Teresa and Chaparral, noted that District 1 contains most of the county's
37 colonias, rural areas that are lacking infrastructure, she noted.

"I hope (redistricting) is as fair as we can possibly make it," she said. "I
want the politics out. I don't want this politicized at all."

Tuesday, McCamley will ask the county commission to consider a Common Cause
proposal about redistricting. He said the group is recommending a five-person
citizen panel, made up of two Democrats, two Republicans and someone from
another party. The group would make recommendation to the county commission, he
said, noting some states have given these types of panels the power to redraw
the district boundaries themselves. He said the panel would host open meetings
to gather residents' input, with the goal of being as fair and transparent as
possible.

"It lets the process become a lot more open," he said. "We want to make sure
party is taken as much out of the process as possible."

Las Cruces

Both the city and county must wait for the official census results to be
released in April before the redistricting process can begin in earnest. But
Garza said Research and Polling already has begun some preliminary work based on
information such as utilities records.

Garza said population growth in the city over the past 10 years has occurred on
the east and west sides, making city council Districts 4, 5 and 6
"disproportionately large" compared to 1, 2 and 3.

"So they're going to have to make recommendations on moving some of these
boundaries," he said.

Considerations include creating boundaries that are identifiable, such as using
arterial and collector roads, and maintaining cultural areas and historical
districts, Garza said. But a key factor, he said, is that the process can't
redistrict a sitting councilor out of the seat they now hold.

Garza said the city is opposed to gerrymandering.

McCamley said his group also has asked to appear before the city council.

Garza said Research and Polling plans to hold public hearings on to get input.
He said Common Cause is welcome to speak up there.

"We'll certainly listen to them with an open mind, but the path we're on is to
fulfill the contractual obligations with Research and Polling," he said. "It's
completely independent. They're from Albuquerque so they have no stake in the
game."

City councilors will make the final decision.

Going forward

Haines said the contract with Research and Polling Inc. was slated to be
finalized last week, though he wasn't immediately certain if it had been. He
said the cost will be around $20,000, within his spending purview as county
manager, so no county commission approval was needed.

County Commissioner Karen Perez said hiring an independent consultant will
achieve the most objectivity. She said there's "no question" that District 1
"ended up the way it did because of politics.

"It's the same kind of thing with any redistricting - there's no way to
de-politicize it, other than bringing someone in who's going to look at it from
a data standpoint and distribute the population in a way that makes some sense,"
she said. "So I think it's worth the investment to have an outside consultant do
this."

County Commissioner Scott Krahling pointed out there are some practical
deadlines the county faces in completing the redistricting. For election
purposes, candidates need to know by early next year which districts they live
in.

Garza said the city is on an even tighter timeline because its next election is
in November, and candidates need to know whether they're eligible for a given
race. He said the target date for the new district boundaries to take effect is
in July.

The county commission used to apportion new street lights and road-repair
funding according to commission districts but stopped doing that several years
ago, Haines said.

Diana M. Alba can be reached at (575) 541-5443

If you go

What: Do-a Ana County commission meeting

When: 9:30 a.m. Tuesday

Where: Dona Ana County Government Center, 845 N. Motel Blvd., Las Cruces

Info: 647-7200; www.donaanacounty.org

Dona Ana County's 37 colonias*

County Commission District 1:

Do-a Ana

Rincon

Rodey

El Milagro

Placitas

Garfield

Salem

Radium Springs

Fort Selden

Leasburg

Hill

San Isidro

Old Picacho

Fairacres

Mesquite

San Miguel

La Mesa

Vado

Del Cerro

Berino

Las Palmeras

County Commission District 2:

Chamberino

Anthony

La Union

Sunland Park

Chaparral

Joy Drive Subdivision

Montana Vista

County Commission District 3:

San Pablo

Tortugas

Brazito

County Commission District 4:

Butterfield Park

Moongate

Cattleland

Mountain View

Organ

County Commission District 5:

Winterhaven

* As designated by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development

Source: Do-a Ana County spokesman Jess Williams

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                February 1, 2014

Dakota

BYLINE: Teresa L. Jacobsen

SECTION: REVIEWS; Mystery; Pg. 58 Vol. 139 No. 2

LENGTH: 179 words


Brash journalist Lola Wicks chose to stay in Montana, having fallen for the
sheriff and gotten a job at the local paper. Now covering the local tribal beat,
she is deeply troubled about the death of Judith, a Blackfeet girl found dead in
the snow. By chance, Lola learns that a number of teenagers have recently gone
missing from the reservation, and she pieces together a disturbing picture of
young women working as prostitutes in "the patch," an area in North Dakota where
the fracking boom is centered. Lola finagles a chance to travel there, and she
is stunned by the "Wild West" atmosphere; she quickly discovers that women are
only valued as sexual commodities. When she pesters people to confide in her,
they end up dead. Only by using a clever and dangerous ploy can Lola tip the
case wide open and achieve some measure of justice.

VERDICT Florio succeeds with her second riveting Lola title (after Montana).
Occasionally her character's knee-jerk reactions wear thin, but the hard-nosed
feminine perspective is refreshing. For fans of Lori Armstrong and Craig
Johnson.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2014 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 19, 2000 Friday

Analysts expect shakeup during Russell revamp

BYLINE: TERZAH EWING, The Wall Street Journal

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: MONEY & MARKETS; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 898 words


Next month is "graduation" time, but on Wall Street it is stocks, not students,
that will move on. And that spells opportunity for investors.

In June, the Russell 2000 small-stock index and its big-stock benchmark, the
Russell 1000, will get annual overhauls. Stocks that have grown too big to still
be "small" graduate to the big-stock index and are replaced in the small-stock
index by truly tiny issues. Any qualified new stocks that came along in the past
year will be added to both.

Thanks to the hot market for initial public stock offerings last year and in the
first quarter, this year's Russell reshuffle could foster dramatic changes.
Besides existing technology rockets such as BroadVision and VerticalNet that are
likely to move into the Russell 1000, a host of IPOs will vault into big-stock
status, skipping over the small-stock index altogether.

Paul Greenwood, a senior research analyst at Frank Russell Co., which publishes
the indexes, says he expects a record number of IPOs to enter the big-stock
index. "The increase in the number of very large IPOs is going to have a
meaningful impact on the Russell 1000."

In addition, a slew of smaller new stocks means there could be 104 Internet
companies in the Russell 2000 after the restructuring, compared with 55 now.
That is significant because institutional investors who compete with the
indexes, or at least try to match their performances, will be pressed to finagle
their portfolios to adjust to the new benchmarks.

"For the active investor, as much as this event can seem to be just a
harassment, it's also a real opportunity," says Satya Pradhuman, director of
small-stock research at Merrill Lynch. "If there's a name they're looking to
buy, this event suggests they should act sooner. And if it's a potential exit
candidate, it's good to do your homework ahead of time."

Some managers prefer just to watch, using the overhaul as one gauge to judge
their winning stocks. "We applaud when our stocks graduate from a small-cap
index to a bigger one," says Christopher Ely, who manages small- and mid-cap
stocks for investment firm Loomis Sayles & Co. in Boston.

On the flip side, Mr. Ely says, the firm is likely to shun stocks that fall from
the big-stock index to the small-stock index, at least "until we can do our
homework."

The first step in the index's reshuffling occurs May 31. That is when Russell
will rank the 3,000 largest U.S. stocks by market capitalization. On June 9,
Russell will publish a preliminary list of companies being added and deleted
from the indexes, a list that will be updated on June 16 and June 23. On July 1,
the newly rebalanced indexes will go into effect. A final list will be published
July 10.

Because there are typically few changes between June 25 and the publication of
the final list, most indexers do their heaviest trading on June 30. Still, some
active fund managers try to anticipate which stocks will benefit from or be hurt
by the activity surrounding the changes.

So which newborn stocks - many of which have suffered in the market volatility
of recent months - could benefit?

In a 24-page report on the Russell reshuffle, dubbed "Russell Rebalancing
2000-Digesting the Year's Internet IPO Banquet," analysts at Goldman Sachs
estimate that 527 stocks will enter the Russell 2000, of which a little fewer
than half will be recent IPOs. Among them: biotech firm Maxygen, which went
public in December; Net2Phone, an Internet voicecommunications firm that made
its debut last July; and PurchasePro.com, a business-to-business Internet
services company whose IPO was last September.

As for the Russell 1000, whose bottom cutoff market value is likely to be around
$1.5-billion (U.S.), 83 new stocks will be added - almost all of which were IPOs
from the past 12 months, according to Goldman estimates. Internet Capital Group,
Ariba and Phone.com are some strong candidates, despite recent steep declines.

Meanwhile, some stocks will be left back. Goldman estimates 161 stocks will fall
from the Russell 1000 to the Russell 2000. Some household names, such as Tyson
Foods and Walt Disney, are on that list. And about 347 stocks actually have
dipped below the market cap of $192-million that probably will be the lower
limit for the Russell 2000. Ziff-Davis and CKE Restaurants are likely to be
among the dropouts.

Also, graduation from the Russell 2000 into the Russell 1000 can be a
double-edged sword. That's because stocks that were a large part of the
small-stock index nonetheless dwindle in importance next to behemoths such as
Microsoft and Exxon Mobil, meaning that big-stock index funds don't need to buy
as much as small-stock index funds sold to readjust their holdings. So likely
graduates such as BroadVision and Cypress Semiconductor could actually see some
price declines in the wake of the reshuffling.

Nonetheless, some small-stock portfolio managers will be glad to see those
stocks go. "What I'm looking forward to is that after those companies get kicked
out, the Russell 2000 will become a much-easier index to beat," says Jon
Hickman, senior portfolio manager at Jurika & Voyles in Oakland, Calif. "I can't
own those big ones anyway."

Despite the boon to managers such as Mr. Hickman, the tough recent market means
new stocks entering the indexes may be as much of a weight as a boon, at least
if recent performance is any indication.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       August 9, 1994 Tuesday 2D EDITION

The rules of the game: long may they waive

BYLINE: Jack Kisling

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 603 words


Many of the commentators currently fulminating over Shannon Faulkner's haircut
hassle at the Citadel in South Carolina include in their observations a limp
apology for writing about such a stupid little "who cares?" issue.

But I don't care. Of course it's a stupid little issue. Just the kind we all
love best. And if the tempest isn't quite big enough to fill the teapot, then
let us brew it in a thimble or some other vessel small enough to ensure that it
will boil over. It's time to inveigh, so    anchormen aweigh!

While the rest of American women fret about bad hair days, Shannon Faulkner has
become the first one in history to fret about a bad no-hair day.

This has already happened to headstrong women in other lands - Mary Queen of
Scots, Marie Antoinette and Ann Boylen to name a few.

Like those cases, Shannon Faulkner's case is political, but it's also different.

No one is demanding her whole head.

Only her hair.

In suing the school to keep her hair, her position is like that of women who
finagle their way into poker games, become restive after a couple of hands, and
ask if it might be nicer to play with one-eyed jacks and red treys wild.

When the reply is "No, it wouldn't be nicer," do they decide to either shut up
or get out of the game? No. They decide to stay in and feel misunderstood and
say so.

Poker and the Citadel and all military schools have certain things in common.
They are all essentially male games, full of man-made rules and traditionally
the refuge of stubborn males who believe that everything about the way they are
run is not only hunky-dory but too sacred to be fiddled with.

Perhaps the most important similarity between poker games and military schools
is that people are never drafted to attend them. The only way they can get in is
to volunteer.

It should be noted here that there are also differences between poker games and
the Citadel, the main one being that you can't force your way into a poker game
by producing a court order.

In that sense poker is much safer than military school.

Yes, it's true that in poker you have to worry about losing your stake, and in
worst-case scenarios there is the risk of someone pulling a knife or a gun. But
there is never the nagging dread that a player newly seated by court order will
whip out another legal document saying a full house beats four of a kind.

Naturally the current whoop-de-doo over Faulkner and her hair vs. the Citadel is
being treated as a feminist issue, but is it? Or is it really a finagling issue?
If you join the Roman Catholic Church, for example, attend only one mass and
then insist that the parts about the Virgin Mary should be toned down, the
bishops won't much care if you are male or female. Their concern will be about
who's finagling whom.

Military schools are famous for treating their students like dogs in the name of
making men of them.

Whether this really works is debatable, but those students who put up with four
years of such abuse not only put up with it, but also stick up for it.

If Faulkner manages to keep both her hair and her student card, all those
disappointed guys will manage to keep stiff upper lips, because they have been
trained that way. But they certainly will be terribly hurt.

It is for them that I feel sorry.

In fact, I have always felt sorry for them, even before Shannon Faulkner. But
maybe this is what it will take to make them see the evils that Groucho Marx was
avoiding when he declared: "I wouldn't be a member of any club that would have
me."


Jack Kisling's observations on life run every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

OPINION: A Christmas greeting to our mostly absent Ohio governor

BYLINE: Marilou Johanek, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 754 words


Dec. 19--In the spirit of seasonal goodwill let's send a collective Christmas
card to our mostly out-of-state governor. "Come home for the holidays," the
cover urges Gov. John Kasich in classic script over snapshots of Ohio.

Inside the card "All is forgiven" has been scratched out and replaced with "All
is pretty much as you left it."

Of course, our holiday greeting to the campaigning governor includes a long
correspondence to update Mr. Kasich on how his constituents back in the Midwest
provinces have fared during his absence.

Instead of the aloof "Dear Family and Friends" our yuletide message begins with
"Dear John" because this card is personal. Besides, that approach might make him
pause before summarily tossing the newsletter in the trash.

We need to interrupt his fantasy campaign to run the country. We need to remind
him that Ohio lives matter just as much as those in New Hampshire. So, while
visions of sugarplums -- marked with the presidential seal -- dance in his head,
picture him opening the following:

Dear John,

Hope you are well and your poll numbers are improving. If the presidential
nomination eclipses you in 2016, like it did 2000, perhaps you could finagle the
second spot on the ticket. We know you want it.

We've heard you like to boast about turning around your rust-belt,
recession-battered state. You're talking about Ohio, right?

No offense but many of us laboring in the trenches from Toledo to Cleveland and
points south don't see it. Our incomes have either stayed the same over the past
five years or sank with cutbacks and downsizing.

Median household income went down in 54 Ohio counties in the last five years,
according to recent data compiled by the U.S. Census Bureau. It went up in two
counties but barely budged elsewhere.

That suggests a big slice of us are no better off now -- and maybe worse
financially -- than we were in the previous five-year period examined in the
American Community Survey. The job creation you take credit for in Ohio hasn't
paid off in a bonanza of livable wages.

Our paychecks stopped keeping pace with price inflation eons ago. It's
impossible to get ahead with bills, basics, and budget emergencies. We put off
major purchases.

We rent instead of own. Only one southeastern county in the state, Noble, saw
its percentage of homeowners increase over five years in the census database. In
42 counties across the state, including most of the largest, home ownership
fell.

Once-proud wage earners who owned property and provided for their families are
increasingly forced to rely on food banks. The 2015 American Community Survey
shows more Ohioans are living in poverty in 52 of our 88 counties than the
previous five-years.

Lucas County, in northwest Ohio, is on the top ten list of counties with the
highest child poverty rates, a growing scourge throughout the state. The way out
for destitute children is education, but they can't count on that in Ohio.

Schools are in constant turmoil over tests, diminished funding, and futile levy
campaigns to stay afloat. Corrupt charter schools drain billions of dollars from
traditional public schools to produce failing students.

Only after the Ohio Department of Education was rocked last summer with a
scandal over charter school data scrubbing did chagrinned lawmakers take charter
reform seriously. Surely your campaign felt the sting of disgrace in a charter
industry you consider a crowning achievement.

Now ODE is refusing public records requests that might shed light on department
dishonesty. Your hand-picked state superintendent is taking a hasty retirement
to avoid the heat.

And finally, what's with the full-on Republican campaign to get rid of
affordable healthcare for women? We know the GOP is laying the groundwork for
defunding Planned Parenthood in Ohio next month.

Even as Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine conceded that his investigation of the
organization found no evidence of alleged fetal tissue transactions in Ohio he
introduced a new attack about tissue disposal at some clinics. The allegations,
vigorously denied by Planned Parenthood affiliates in the state, so outraged the
healthcare providers that they filed a federal lawsuit to stop the apparent ploy
to restrict access to abortion.

Goodwill toward all is a hard sell in Ohio under these conditions. Come home for
the holidays, governor. See for yourself.

Marilou Johanek is a columnist for The Blade.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151219-TO-OPINION-A-Christmas-greeting-to-our-mostly-absent-Ohio-governor-1219
-20151219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday

G2: Two tales of rich families in meltdown are gripping America. What these
sagas lack in taste they make up for in timing

BYLINE: Hadley Freeman

SECTION: GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 948 words


It's not that Americans are obsessed with people with money, exactly; it's that
they are obsessed with how those people made that money and, more importantly,
whether such tales can provide hope to their own bank accounts. This explains
why New Yorkers are fairly unbothered by the fact that their current mayor, Mike
Bloomberg - who seems to have the prefix "self-made billionaire" attached to his
name - is basically buying himself a third term when the usual allotment is two,
whereas George W Bush was always portrayed in this town as an overprivileged
fratboy who greased his way to DC with the lubricating assistance of his daddy's
money.

For the last few months, two wealthy family sagas have dominated the US press.
These were two very different families, covered in very different American media
- yet with similar problems resulting in strikingly similar conclusions. On the
one hand, there was the Astor trial, which finished last week and had so many
cliches it resembled an episode of Murder, She Wrote. A dead scion of the
Manhattan philanthropical set? Tick. An allegedly neglected and resentful son?
Tick. A disliked daughter-in-law? Tick. A plot to finagle the old lady's riches?
A grandson stepping up to save his gran's honour? A contested will? A son sent
down for stealing from his mother after a lifetime of mutual resentment? Oh,
tick, tick, tick and tick. Jessica Fletcher would have sorted this one out
months ago.

Where the Astor trial spotlit old-school American wealth, the trainwreck that is
Jon and Kate Gosselin depicts another kind, one that many argue has more than
enough spotlights already. This is because the Gosselins are from the glamorous
world of reality TV, where their long-running show, Jon and Kate Plus Eight
(featuring their young sextuplets and twins), was one of the biggest pop-culture
successes in years. Note the past tense. Initially presented as head of the
all-American family, Jon proved to be an all-American man of the sort the TV
network, the ironically named TLC, perhaps did not envisage. While still
married, he had much-photographed dalliances with

a succession of younger women, my personal favourite being the daughter of the
doctor who performed a tummy tuck on Jon's wife's lucratively fertile if
apparently unacceptably flabby belly.

But this would have qualified him for Father of the Year compared with his
recent behaviour, which came to light this month, of siphoning money out of his
and his wife's joint bank account. After Kate went on TV to cry that she could
barely feed their children, Jon's lawyer retaliated by arguing that his client
had merely taken what rightfully belonged to him for "services".

Even though the TV show is likely to finish this week, the family is still on
the covers of magazines and Kate is making optimistic pronouncements about
"maybe becoming a talkshow host". Or, for some much-needed money, she might just
keep the kids on TV. "They like the crew," she self-justifies. And a nation
shudders.

While the Astor case has been covered by the quality press and the Gosselins
have been attended to by the tabloids, the stories themselves suggest any idea
of one being higher brow than the other is spurious. The moral of both is: large
amounts of money destroy families, whether they were born into it or prostrated
themselves at the altar of reality TV. With unemployment rising to record rates
in the US, what these sagas lack in taste, they make up for in timing, and their
appeal to the public and the media is clear: American public, you may be broke,
and you may never have access to free healthcare, but at least you're not
millionaires.

A public outpouring of idiocy

If I read one more so-called news story featuring the words "Stephen Fry" and
"Twitter" in breathless proximity I may have to start up my own reality TV show,
simply to have a sufficient canvas on which to self-destruct. The mudslide of
celebrity Twitter tributes that follow announcements of a fellow celebrity's
death has become as inevitable as breakouts of typhoid after a natural disaster.
There are few phrases more hilariously pathetic than "celebrities Twittered
their grief", if only for the intimation that the celebrity thinks they are
communicating a grand statement about bereavement - albeit in 140 characters or
less - while simultaneously elbowing themselves into the story.

However, following the breakout caused by Stephen Gately's death,

I have come to revise this view. Did anyone need to know Fearne Cotton's
thoughts on Gately? Was Katherine Jenkins expressing her grief or putting out a
press release ("We had a really fun night out with him at the Ivy Club a few
weeks ago. Good memories 2 cherish")? Hard to say, but kudos for the "2",
Katherine: not even Auden considered the moving stylistic trick of substituting
a digit for a word.

Still, one beneficial effect of the whole Tragic Twitter malarkey has revealed
itself. Now that celebrities have realised that they can do this themselves (and
the level of idiocy in these announcements suggests they are, thrillingly,
composed by the actual celebrities), perhaps we are seeing a Darwinian end to
that parasitical species, the celebrity PR. Not even Richard Dawkins could coin
a more apposite argument for the existence of natural selection than celebrity
PRs being rendered extinct by something including the word "twit".

This week

Hadley looked on the bright side about the news that Marge Simpson is posing for
Playboy: "At least we get to find out just how natural that hair is." Yet she
continued to be baffled as to why Glenn Beck is wearing a Stasi uniform on the
cover of his bestselling book: "I am struggling to perceive a bright side here."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

NYPD BIG IN ARREST QUOTA FIX. CAPT. ALLEGEDLY CAUGHT ORDERING COPS TO MEET
MONTHLY GOALS & FUDGE STATS

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR DAILY NEWS POLICE BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 452 words


AN NYPD captain was allegedly caught on tape ordering cops to meet arrest quotas
and falsify crime reports, the Daily News has learned.

Kieran Creighton, commander of the NYPD Housing Police Service Area 8 in the
northern Bronx, is under investigation for a tirade that went out over the
police radio, sources said.

The incident allegedly occurred in the spring when Creighton ordered at least
eight members of an undercover anti-crime team to a meeting in Pelham Bay Park
to berate them about an alleged lack of arrests, sources said.

"You can't make the nine collars a month, then we'll all have to go our separate
ways," Creighton told the officers, according to an internal complaint obtained
by The News.

Anything less than nine arrests would be a "personal slap in the face,"
Creighton allegedly said.

Creighton then told the cops to "finagle" the times of arrests so any overtime
was paid for by a federally funded anti-drug program, the complaint alleges.

Unbeknownst to Creighton, one officer had his NYPD radio switched on - so the
captain's 10 to 12 minute speech was broadcast to Bronx precincts in Morrisania
and Schuylerville and taped by a 911 dispatcher.

"Your entire conversation with the C.O. [commanding officer] just got broadcast
over the radio," came a frantic call from the PSA desk officer to one of the
cops attending the May 15, 2007, meeting in the park, according to the
complaint.

One officer summoned to the park filed a complaint with the NYPD's Internal
Affairs Bureau on Sept. 12, sources said. On Monday, five of the officers at the
meeting were debriefed by IAB about the incident.

"All you have to do is go to the tape and see what was said. Very simple," a
police source said. "But so far, the brass doesn't want to cough up the tape."

A high-ranking source confirmed that the complaints were being investigated but
countered that the tape contained nothing damning. The source also said
underlings routinely complain that higher-ups are pushing quotas and juggling
crime statistics even when neither claim is accurate.

The allegations stemming from the meeting were among a laundry list of
complaints filed against Creighton by his subordinates. At least one sergeant
complained that Creighton was trying to suppress the number of felony crimes
reported by having supervisors reinterview victims, the complain alleges. The
goal was to turn felony complaints into misdemeanors, sources said.

Creighton repeatedly told subordinates that it was his "job to keep crime down."

"The captain would say, 'Are you sure the victim was really assaulted? Maybe the
victim got cut with a fingernail, not a knife.' Once is a joke. Over and over is
a pattern," a police source said.

agendar@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Unemployed Held Hostage

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 588 words


Since June 1, when federal unemployment benefits began to expire, an estimated
325,000 jobless workers have been cut off. That number will swell to 1.25
million by the end of the month unless Congress extends the benefits. The
Senate, so far, has failed to act.

Some senators, including Democrats, have balked at an unrelated provision that
would begin to close a tax loophole enjoyed by some of the richest Americans.
You heard right. Desperately needed unemployment benefits have been held hostage
to a tax break for the rich, and the Senate's Democratic leadership has had to
delay and finagle to get its own caucus in line.

State-provided unemployment benefits generally last for 26 weeks, and the
federal government picks up the tab after that, provided Congress approves the
extensions. There is no disagreement over the need: 46 percent of the nation's
15 million jobless workers have been unemployed for more than six months -- a
higher level than at any time since the government began keeping track in 1948.

There is not even any genuine debate about how to pay for extended benefits. An
extension through November would cost about $40 billion. But unemployment
benefits are correctly considered emergency spending -- they are a vital safety
net, and the money is crucial to supporting consumer demand in a weak economy --
and exempt from pay-as-you-go budget rules.

Nonemergency provisions in the bill do need to be paid for, including renewal of
several generally useful business tax breaks, like the research-and-development
tax credit, totaling $32 billion over 10 years. To help cover those costs,
Democratic lawmakers in the House and Senate started out with the sound idea to
close an egregious tax loophole that allows wealthy fund managers at private
equity firms and other investment partnerships to pay a top tax rate of just 15
percent on much of their earnings -- versus a top rate of 35 percent for all
other higher-income Americans.

Closing the loophole would raise an estimated $25 billion over 10 years. Many
private equity mavens, venture capitalists and other partnerships have lobbied
to keep as much of the loophole as they can. Most Republicans and some
Democratic senators -- including John Kerry of Massachusetts, Mark Warner of
Virginia and Maria Cantwell of Washington -- are doing their bidding.

In its version of the bill, the House closed part of the loophole: fund managers
would retain the special low rate on 25 percent of their privileged earnings.
The loophole measure was watered down even more in the Senate. And investment
partnerships are still lobbying.

Senators aren't likely to vote on the bill until the end of this week. Then it
would need to be reconciled with the House-passed version. In the meantime,
hundreds of thousands more jobless Americans will lose benefits.

The Senate bill is also urgently needed because it includes a provision to
provide $24 billion in emergency fiscal aid to states, which is vital to
preventing further mass layoffs and damaging budget cuts on the state and local
levels.

The right thing to do is obvious. The House and Senate should immediately extend
unemployment benefits and aid to states and close the fund-managers' tax
loophole --  completely.

That so many senators have balked is a bad sign for the economy and for the most
vulnerable Americans. The fact that lawmakers are not willing to ask the
nation's wealthiest to pay their fair share of taxes also makes a mockery of all
their talk about deficit reduction.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tony Parker s aggressiveness has UCLA back in the NCAA picture

BYLINE: Mark Whicker

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 754 words


Excuses and reasons are different.

Four of my bogeys were on lip-outs,  is an excuse.

Paul George broke his leg,  is a reason.

My glutes didn t activate,  could be either.

UCLA lost at Oregon and Oregon State two weekends ago. Tony Parker, the center,
did not play.

Steve Alford, the Bruins coach, knows how excuses sound. On Saturday he didn t
care.

We went without Tony for two games and people might say, deal with it, but that
s big,  Alford said.  When we don t have Tony Parker, that s big.

They had him against Oregon. He sent back two shots in the first three minutes.
That meant that the Ducks, a shoot-and-drive team, became a shoot team.

They had 16 points in the paint. UCLA had 34. They got to the foul line 14
times. UCLA got there 21.

That and a heavy dose of Norman Powell gave the Bruins a significant 72-63
victory.

They are 8-5 in the Pac-12 and they have won four of their past five. If they
stay moderately warm through the Pac-12 Tournament, they can finagle an NCAA
Tournament bid out of a season that looked as lost as Atlantis, especially at
the Battle for Atlantis in the Bahamas, when they were battered by Oklahoma and
North Carolina.

Blowout losses to Gonzaga and Kentucky followed. At that point the Bruins looked
beyond rescue. They weren t going to get any deeper and they presumably weren t
going to get any bigger, and their starters would inevitably wilt under an
NBA-load of minutes.

Well, their bench is stirring a bit, outscoring Oregon 9-3 on Saturday. But
Parker, everybody s high school All-American from Atlanta three years ago, has
become something substantial.

Parker had nine points, six rebound and one assist, that being a lob to Powell
that had Parker comparing himself to Chris Paul. But Oregon s starting
frontcourt went 7 for 21, and freshman Jordan Bell, the Pac-12 s leader in
blocked shots among active players, played 21 minutes, had no shots, blocks or
rebounds and fouled out.

It wasn t like they had a lot of guys posting up,  Parker said.  We knew they
were going to drive the lane, so I had to be aggressive and really focus on not
making any cheap fouls. I had a charge there, and that wasn t a smart play. In
the situation we re in, we can t be reaching or going over the back. It just
comes with experience.

Three of the league s top 10 players in minutes played are Bruins: Bryce Alford
(35.3 before Saturday), Isaac Hamilton (33.9) and Powell (33.6). Alford played
the whole 40 on Saturday, Hamilton more than 39, and Powell 37.

They re managing their minutes better,  Steve Alford said.  When the season
started, it was kind of a shock to them. Our returning players didn t play that
many minutes last year, and then we had new guys like Kevon (Looney) and Isaac.
Then as we went along, they got the idea they could pace themselves a little
bit, and that just doesn t work.

So now we re in the conference schedule and we re playing twice a week, and we
know how we can give them some rest. Now you walk into the locker room, and they
re exhausted.

Alford said it approvingly. This is a hard-playing, rebounding, running team
that heads to Arizona State and Arizona with a blueprint of how to win. Thanks
to two wins over Stanford and one over Utah, the Bruins are 41st in the NCAA s
version of the Ratings Percentage Index (RPI).

Even in December I could see us doing something like this,  Parker said.  We
were a very young team early in the season and we weren t making shots.

Even the Bruins  temporary failings are encouraging to Aflord. Oregon s Jalil
Abdul-Bassit hit his first five 3-pointers.  We were over-helping (on James
Young), which is a good thing because earlier we weren t helping enough,  Alford
said.

Then Abdul-Bassit missed his next five.

But Tony makes such a difference for us. He has a presence to him.

The other factor is Powell, who hassled Young, the league s leading scorer, into
a 2-for-8 second half and, in his spare time, did everything else.

At halftime, six members of the  95 NCAA title team came to midcourt for
recognition. Ed O Bannon and Tyus Edney were classic seniors (as was George
Zidek, who wasn t here). Powell is handling the relevant moments just as they
did.

If the Bruins avoid a mishap in the next month, their fans need not search for
an excuse to watch March Madness. They ll have a reason.

Quote:

Kevon Looney really had a good game with some big rebounds. You can see why he
ll be a lottery pick.  -- Dana Altman, Oregon coach, on UCLA freshman Looney,
who had 18 points and 11 rebounds in the Bruins  win over the Ducks.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tony Parker s aggressiveness has UCLA back in the NCAA picture

BYLINE: Mark Whicker

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 754 words


Excuses and reasons are different.

Four of my bogeys were on lip-outs,  is an excuse.

Paul George broke his leg,  is a reason.

My glutes didn t activate,  could be either.

UCLA lost at Oregon and Oregon State two weekends ago. Tony Parker, the center,
did not play.

Steve Alford, the Bruins coach, knows how excuses sound. On Saturday he didn t
care.

We went without Tony for two games and people might say, deal with it, but that
s big,  Alford said.  When we don t have Tony Parker, that s big.

They had him against Oregon. He sent back two shots in the first three minutes.
That meant that the Ducks, a shoot-and-drive team, became a shoot team.

They had 16 points in the paint. UCLA had 34. They got to the foul line 14
times. UCLA got there 21.

That and a heavy dose of Norman Powell gave the Bruins a significant 72-63
victory.

They are 8-5 in the Pac-12 and they have won four of their past five. If they
stay moderately warm through the Pac-12 Tournament, they can finagle an NCAA
Tournament bid out of a season that looked as lost as Atlantis, especially at
the Battle for Atlantis in the Bahamas, when they were battered by Oklahoma and
North Carolina.

Blowout losses to Gonzaga and Kentucky followed. At that point the Bruins looked
beyond rescue. They weren t going to get any deeper and they presumably weren t
going to get any bigger, and their starters would inevitably wilt under an
NBA-load of minutes.

Well, their bench is stirring a bit, outscoring Oregon 9-3 on Saturday. But
Parker, everybody s high school All-American from Atlanta three years ago, has
become something substantial.

Parker had nine points, six rebound and one assist, that being a lob to Powell
that had Parker comparing himself to Chris Paul. But Oregon s starting
frontcourt went 7 for 21, and freshman Jordan Bell, the Pac-12 s leader in
blocked shots among active players, played 21 minutes, had no shots, blocks or
rebounds and fouled out.

It wasn t like they had a lot of guys posting up,  Parker said.  We knew they
were going to drive the lane, so I had to be aggressive and really focus on not
making any cheap fouls. I had a charge there, and that wasn t a smart play. In
the situation we re in, we can t be reaching or going over the back. It just
comes with experience.

Three of the league s top 10 players in minutes played are Bruins: Bryce Alford
(35.3 before Saturday), Isaac Hamilton (33.9) and Powell (33.6). Alford played
the whole 40 on Saturday, Hamilton more than 39, and Powell 37.

They re managing their minutes better,  Steve Alford said.  When the season
started, it was kind of a shock to them. Our returning players didn t play that
many minutes last year, and then we had new guys like Kevon (Looney) and Isaac.
Then as we went along, they got the idea they could pace themselves a little
bit, and that just doesn t work.

So now we re in the conference schedule and we re playing twice a week, and we
know how we can give them some rest. Now you walk into the locker room, and they
re exhausted.

Alford said it approvingly. This is a hard-playing, rebounding, running team
that heads to Arizona State and Arizona with a blueprint of how to win. Thanks
to two wins over Stanford and one over Utah, the Bruins are 41st in the NCAA s
version of the Ratings Percentage Index (RPI).

Even in December I could see us doing something like this,  Parker said.  We
were a very young team early in the season and we weren t making shots.

Even the Bruins  temporary failings are encouraging to Aflord. Oregon s Jalil
Abdul-Bassit hit his first five 3-pointers.  We were over-helping (on James
Young), which is a good thing because earlier we weren t helping enough,  Alford
said.

Then Abdul-Bassit missed his next five.

But Tony makes such a difference for us. He has a presence to him.

The other factor is Powell, who hassled Young, the league s leading scorer, into
a 2-for-8 second half and, in his spare time, did everything else.

At halftime, six members of the  95 NCAA title team came to midcourt for
recognition. Ed O Bannon and Tyus Edney were classic seniors (as was George
Zidek, who wasn t here). Powell is handling the relevant moments just as they
did.

If the Bruins avoid a mishap in the next month, their fans need not search for
an excuse to watch March Madness. They ll have a reason.

Quote:

Kevon Looney really had a good game with some big rebounds. You can see why he
ll be a lottery pick.  -- Dana Altman, Oregon coach, on UCLA freshman Looney,
who had 18 points and 11 rebounds in the Bruins  win over the Ducks.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tony Parker s aggressiveness has UCLA back in the NCAA picture

BYLINE: Mark Whicker

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 754 words


Excuses and reasons are different.

Four of my bogeys were on lip-outs,  is an excuse.

Paul George broke his leg,  is a reason.

My glutes didn t activate,  could be either.

UCLA lost at Oregon and Oregon State two weekends ago. Tony Parker, the center,
did not play.

Steve Alford, the Bruins coach, knows how excuses sound. On Saturday he didn t
care.

We went without Tony for two games and people might say, deal with it, but that
s big,  Alford said.  When we don t have Tony Parker, that s big.

They had him against Oregon. He sent back two shots in the first three minutes.
That meant that the Ducks, a shoot-and-drive team, became a shoot team.

They had 16 points in the paint. UCLA had 34. They got to the foul line 14
times. UCLA got there 21.

That and a heavy dose of Norman Powell gave the Bruins a significant 72-63
victory.

They are 8-5 in the Pac-12 and they have won four of their past five. If they
stay moderately warm through the Pac-12 Tournament, they can finagle an NCAA
Tournament bid out of a season that looked as lost as Atlantis, especially at
the Battle for Atlantis in the Bahamas, when they were battered by Oklahoma and
North Carolina.

Blowout losses to Gonzaga and Kentucky followed. At that point the Bruins looked
beyond rescue. They weren t going to get any deeper and they presumably weren t
going to get any bigger, and their starters would inevitably wilt under an
NBA-load of minutes.

Well, their bench is stirring a bit, outscoring Oregon 9-3 on Saturday. But
Parker, everybody s high school All-American from Atlanta three years ago, has
become something substantial.

Parker had nine points, six rebound and one assist, that being a lob to Powell
that had Parker comparing himself to Chris Paul. But Oregon s starting
frontcourt went 7 for 21, and freshman Jordan Bell, the Pac-12 s leader in
blocked shots among active players, played 21 minutes, had no shots, blocks or
rebounds and fouled out.

It wasn t like they had a lot of guys posting up,  Parker said.  We knew they
were going to drive the lane, so I had to be aggressive and really focus on not
making any cheap fouls. I had a charge there, and that wasn t a smart play. In
the situation we re in, we can t be reaching or going over the back. It just
comes with experience.

Three of the league s top 10 players in minutes played are Bruins: Bryce Alford
(35.3 before Saturday), Isaac Hamilton (33.9) and Powell (33.6). Alford played
the whole 40 on Saturday, Hamilton more than 39, and Powell 37.

They re managing their minutes better,  Steve Alford said.  When the season
started, it was kind of a shock to them. Our returning players didn t play that
many minutes last year, and then we had new guys like Kevon (Looney) and Isaac.
Then as we went along, they got the idea they could pace themselves a little
bit, and that just doesn t work.

So now we re in the conference schedule and we re playing twice a week, and we
know how we can give them some rest. Now you walk into the locker room, and they
re exhausted.

Alford said it approvingly. This is a hard-playing, rebounding, running team
that heads to Arizona State and Arizona with a blueprint of how to win. Thanks
to two wins over Stanford and one over Utah, the Bruins are 41st in the NCAA s
version of the Ratings Percentage Index (RPI).

Even in December I could see us doing something like this,  Parker said.  We
were a very young team early in the season and we weren t making shots.

Even the Bruins  temporary failings are encouraging to Aflord. Oregon s Jalil
Abdul-Bassit hit his first five 3-pointers.  We were over-helping (on James
Young), which is a good thing because earlier we weren t helping enough,  Alford
said.

Then Abdul-Bassit missed his next five.

But Tony makes such a difference for us. He has a presence to him.

The other factor is Powell, who hassled Young, the league s leading scorer, into
a 2-for-8 second half and, in his spare time, did everything else.

At halftime, six members of the  95 NCAA title team came to midcourt for
recognition. Ed O Bannon and Tyus Edney were classic seniors (as was George
Zidek, who wasn t here). Powell is handling the relevant moments just as they
did.

If the Bruins avoid a mishap in the next month, their fans need not search for
an excuse to watch March Madness. They ll have a reason.

Quote:

Kevon Looney really had a good game with some big rebounds. You can see why he
ll be a lottery pick.  -- Dana Altman, Oregon coach, on UCLA freshman Looney,
who had 18 points and 11 rebounds in the Bruins  win over the Ducks.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tony Parker s aggressiveness has UCLA back in the NCAA picture

BYLINE: Mark Whicker

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 754 words


Excuses and reasons are different.

Four of my bogeys were on lip-outs,  is an excuse.

Paul George broke his leg,  is a reason.

My glutes didn t activate,  could be either.

UCLA lost at Oregon and Oregon State two weekends ago. Tony Parker, the center,
did not play.

Steve Alford, the Bruins coach, knows how excuses sound. On Saturday he didn t
care.

We went without Tony for two games and people might say, deal with it, but that
s big,  Alford said.  When we don t have Tony Parker, that s big.

They had him against Oregon. He sent back two shots in the first three minutes.
That meant that the Ducks, a shoot-and-drive team, became a shoot team.

They had 16 points in the paint. UCLA had 34. They got to the foul line 14
times. UCLA got there 21.

That and a heavy dose of Norman Powell gave the Bruins a significant 72-63
victory.

They are 8-5 in the Pac-12 and they have won four of their past five. If they
stay moderately warm through the Pac-12 Tournament, they can finagle an NCAA
Tournament bid out of a season that looked as lost as Atlantis, especially at
the Battle for Atlantis in the Bahamas, when they were battered by Oklahoma and
North Carolina.

Blowout losses to Gonzaga and Kentucky followed. At that point the Bruins looked
beyond rescue. They weren t going to get any deeper and they presumably weren t
going to get any bigger, and their starters would inevitably wilt under an
NBA-load of minutes.

Well, their bench is stirring a bit, outscoring Oregon 9-3 on Saturday. But
Parker, everybody s high school All-American from Atlanta three years ago, has
become something substantial.

Parker had nine points, six rebound and one assist, that being a lob to Powell
that had Parker comparing himself to Chris Paul. But Oregon s starting
frontcourt went 7 for 21, and freshman Jordan Bell, the Pac-12 s leader in
blocked shots among active players, played 21 minutes, had no shots, blocks or
rebounds and fouled out.

It wasn t like they had a lot of guys posting up,  Parker said.  We knew they
were going to drive the lane, so I had to be aggressive and really focus on not
making any cheap fouls. I had a charge there, and that wasn t a smart play. In
the situation we re in, we can t be reaching or going over the back. It just
comes with experience.

Three of the league s top 10 players in minutes played are Bruins: Bryce Alford
(35.3 before Saturday), Isaac Hamilton (33.9) and Powell (33.6). Alford played
the whole 40 on Saturday, Hamilton more than 39, and Powell 37.

They re managing their minutes better,  Steve Alford said.  When the season
started, it was kind of a shock to them. Our returning players didn t play that
many minutes last year, and then we had new guys like Kevon (Looney) and Isaac.
Then as we went along, they got the idea they could pace themselves a little
bit, and that just doesn t work.

So now we re in the conference schedule and we re playing twice a week, and we
know how we can give them some rest. Now you walk into the locker room, and they
re exhausted.

Alford said it approvingly. This is a hard-playing, rebounding, running team
that heads to Arizona State and Arizona with a blueprint of how to win. Thanks
to two wins over Stanford and one over Utah, the Bruins are 41st in the NCAA s
version of the Ratings Percentage Index (RPI).

Even in December I could see us doing something like this,  Parker said.  We
were a very young team early in the season and we weren t making shots.

Even the Bruins  temporary failings are encouraging to Aflord. Oregon s Jalil
Abdul-Bassit hit his first five 3-pointers.  We were over-helping (on James
Young), which is a good thing because earlier we weren t helping enough,  Alford
said.

Then Abdul-Bassit missed his next five.

But Tony makes such a difference for us. He has a presence to him.

The other factor is Powell, who hassled Young, the league s leading scorer, into
a 2-for-8 second half and, in his spare time, did everything else.

At halftime, six members of the  95 NCAA title team came to midcourt for
recognition. Ed O Bannon and Tyus Edney were classic seniors (as was George
Zidek, who wasn t here). Powell is handling the relevant moments just as they
did.

If the Bruins avoid a mishap in the next month, their fans need not search for
an excuse to watch March Madness. They ll have a reason.

Quote:

Kevon Looney really had a good game with some big rebounds. You can see why he
ll be a lottery pick.  -- Dana Altman, Oregon coach, on UCLA freshman Looney,
who had 18 points and 11 rebounds in the Bruins  win over the Ducks.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 22, 2004 Friday JERSEY EDITION

More phone talks played in 'ghost teacher' trial;
In them, administrator Faridah Ali discusses her financial problems and efforts
to stay afloat.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 636 words


For almost 30 years, the Sister Clara Muhammad School in West Philadelphia
burnished a public reputation as an inner-city education success story.

Praised by Mayors Street and Rendell, businesspeople and celebrities, the school
transformed a closed Catholic high school into an institution providing an
Islamic-centered education that kept kids in school, graduated them, and got
many into college.

Success did not come without a struggle, and yesterday a federal jury heard more
than a score of wiretap tapes in which accused school administrator Faridah Ali
spoke, sometimes desperately, of her financial woes and efforts to stay afloat.

They were also the words, federal prosecutors allege, of Ali defrauding
Community College of Philadelphia of $224,375 in federal funds meant to pay for
adult-literacy classes.

"I get liens against a property," Ali said in a tense June 25, 2001, call with
her husband, Imam Shamsud-din Ali, who led a mosque at the Muslim school in the
4700 block of Wyalusing Avenue.

The imam apologized to his wife because "I've created you all this misery," but
she cut him off: "You know what, Shamps, I don't even want to hear that."

"I've never had a lien against nothing . . . in my whole life," Faridah Ali
continued. "And I'm 52 years old with no, no job, depending on whatever I can
scrape out from the school and from the Community College, whatever I can
finagle to get. That's not the way I want to live my life, Shamsud-din."

The imam, 66, a central figure in the ongoing federal probe of municipal
corruption, has been indicted on racketeering charges with his wife and five
others in an alleged scheme to obtain corrupt contracts from the Street
administration.

Prosecutors say the tapes, from a wiretap on the Alis' phone from June 14, 2001
to Feb. 5, 2002, show the progress of a conspiracy between Faridah Ali, 54, and
Delores Weaver, 61, a former Community College administrator, to funnel
adult-literacy funds into their own pockets, paying relatives and friends to
teach nonexistent classes purportedly held at the Muslim school.

Ali is being tried on conspiracy and fraud charges with her two children -
Lakiha Spicer, 27, and Azheem Spicer, 30 - and Eugene Weaver 3d, 30, of Oakland,
Calif., Delores Weaver's son, who were allegedly paid for classes they never
taught.

Delores Weaver was also indicted, but her trial was severed from Ali's after her
attorney filed a pretrial appeal.

Defense attorneys have argued that Ali was nothing more than a "landlord" who
rented space to Weaver for the Community College program and supplied some
teachers.

The wiretap tapes, however, indicate Ali was actively involved in registering
students, arranging teacher salary payments - and acknowledging that the classes
were a sham.

In the tape of a July 6, 2001, call between Ali and her daughter, Ali comforted
Lakiha about the loss of a $40,000 job opportunity in California.

"Don't be disappointed," Ali said. "I mean, $40,000 ain't nothing to be
disappointed about. You make that at Community College doing nothing. . . . You
make 30, so, I mean, 10,000 more to have to hustle, you know what I'm saying?"

And in a Sept. 21, 2001, call to Rafiq Kalam Id-Din, the Muslim school's
secretary-treasurer, Ali badgered him about the need to register more students
for the Community College program.

"We have to really be aggressive and get these people" registered, Ali told
Id-Din, adding, "You can't just make the announcement."

Id-Din, who in court praised the Alis for helping him kick his drug habit,
repeatedly replied "Yes, ma'am" to her demands.

"You know, 'cause that's our bread and butter," Ali adds. "That's how we gonna
get paid."

Contact staff writer Joseph A. Slobodzian at 215-854-2658 or
jslobodzian@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
TOM GRALISH, Inquirer Staff Photographer
Faridah Ali and four others are accused of defrauding Community College of
Philadelphia of $224,375.

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Tony Parker s aggressiveness has UCLA back in the NCAA picture

BYLINE: Mark Whicker

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 754 words


Excuses and reasons are different.

Four of my bogeys were on lip-outs,  is an excuse.

Paul George broke his leg,  is a reason.

My glutes didn t activate,  could be either.

UCLA lost at Oregon and Oregon State two weekends ago. Tony Parker, the center,
did not play.

Steve Alford, the Bruins coach, knows how excuses sound. On Saturday he didn t
care.

We went without Tony for two games and people might say, deal with it, but that
s big,  Alford said.  When we don t have Tony Parker, that s big.

They had him against Oregon. He sent back two shots in the first three minutes.
That meant that the Ducks, a shoot-and-drive team, became a shoot team.

They had 16 points in the paint. UCLA had 34. They got to the foul line 14
times. UCLA got there 21.

That and a heavy dose of Norman Powell gave the Bruins a significant 72-63
victory.

They are 8-5 in the Pac-12 and they have won four of their past five. If they
stay moderately warm through the Pac-12 Tournament, they can finagle an NCAA
Tournament bid out of a season that looked as lost as Atlantis, especially at
the Battle for Atlantis in the Bahamas, when they were battered by Oklahoma and
North Carolina.

Blowout losses to Gonzaga and Kentucky followed. At that point the Bruins looked
beyond rescue. They weren t going to get any deeper and they presumably weren t
going to get any bigger, and their starters would inevitably wilt under an
NBA-load of minutes.

Well, their bench is stirring a bit, outscoring Oregon 9-3 on Saturday. But
Parker, everybody s high school All-American from Atlanta three years ago, has
become something substantial.

Parker had nine points, six rebound and one assist, that being a lob to Powell
that had Parker comparing himself to Chris Paul. But Oregon s starting
frontcourt went 7 for 21, and freshman Jordan Bell, the Pac-12 s leader in
blocked shots among active players, played 21 minutes, had no shots, blocks or
rebounds and fouled out.

It wasn t like they had a lot of guys posting up,  Parker said.  We knew they
were going to drive the lane, so I had to be aggressive and really focus on not
making any cheap fouls. I had a charge there, and that wasn t a smart play. In
the situation we re in, we can t be reaching or going over the back. It just
comes with experience.

Three of the league s top 10 players in minutes played are Bruins: Bryce Alford
(35.3 before Saturday), Isaac Hamilton (33.9) and Powell (33.6). Alford played
the whole 40 on Saturday, Hamilton more than 39, and Powell 37.

They re managing their minutes better,  Steve Alford said.  When the season
started, it was kind of a shock to them. Our returning players didn t play that
many minutes last year, and then we had new guys like Kevon (Looney) and Isaac.
Then as we went along, they got the idea they could pace themselves a little
bit, and that just doesn t work.

So now we re in the conference schedule and we re playing twice a week, and we
know how we can give them some rest. Now you walk into the locker room, and they
re exhausted.

Alford said it approvingly. This is a hard-playing, rebounding, running team
that heads to Arizona State and Arizona with a blueprint of how to win. Thanks
to two wins over Stanford and one over Utah, the Bruins are 41st in the NCAA s
version of the Ratings Percentage Index (RPI).

Even in December I could see us doing something like this,  Parker said.  We
were a very young team early in the season and we weren t making shots.

Even the Bruins  temporary failings are encouraging to Aflord. Oregon s Jalil
Abdul-Bassit hit his first five 3-pointers.  We were over-helping (on James
Young), which is a good thing because earlier we weren t helping enough,  Alford
said.

Then Abdul-Bassit missed his next five.

But Tony makes such a difference for us. He has a presence to him.

The other factor is Powell, who hassled Young, the league s leading scorer, into
a 2-for-8 second half and, in his spare time, did everything else.

At halftime, six members of the  95 NCAA title team came to midcourt for
recognition. Ed O Bannon and Tyus Edney were classic seniors (as was George
Zidek, who wasn t here). Powell is handling the relevant moments just as they
did.

If the Bruins avoid a mishap in the next month, their fans need not search for
an excuse to watch March Madness. They ll have a reason.

Quote:

Kevon Looney really had a good game with some big rebounds. You can see why he
ll be a lottery pick.  -- Dana Altman, Oregon coach, on UCLA freshman Looney,
who had 18 points and 11 rebounds in the Bruins  win over the Ducks.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 24, 1989, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

West Point class attacks book review

BYLINE: Helen Altonn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 323 words



Members of the U.S. Military Academy's Class of '66 who served in Vietnam are
fighting a new battle to defend classmates from what they say is a charge of
cowardice.

At issue: New York Times writer Tom Buckley's Sunday book review of The Long
Gray Line by Rick Atkinson.

Buckley, who was a war correspondent in Vietnam, asks why ''only 98 cadets
answered the call'' to volunteer for Vietnam duty, out of 579 members of the
1966 West Point class.

The veterans say that, actually, about two-thirds of the class served one or
more tours in Vietnam; 30 died, and more than 100 were wounded.

''The worst charge he makes is one of cowardice leveled against men now dead,''
says class member John Wheeler, Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund chairman for 10
years.

Warner Bros. Inc. plans to make a movie of Atkinson's book - ''a very honest
accounting of what our class did with what our country gave us,'' Wheeler says.

Atkinson, a Washington Post writer, attended a civilian college but was admitted
to West Point in 1970. He won a Pulitzer Prize for a series on the Class of 1966
in The Kansas City Times in 1982.

Buckley suggests ''string-pulling'' by cadets to finagle posts and assignments
''out of harm's way.'' Also, he says: ''In 1976 a cheating scandal exposed the
cherished cadet honor code as a sham.''

But Col. George Crocker - cited by Buckley as ''the only altogether admirable
figure'' described in the book - says: ''It was a very hawkish class.''

Only so many slots were offered for Vietnam volunteers when Army assignments
were made, and they all went first, says Crocker, now the 82nd Airborne
Division's chief of staff at Fort Bragg, N.C.

He was among about 40 class members who went to Vietnam in the 9th Infantry
Division, which arrived before the 98 volunteers Buckley cited.

Other responses:

- Health-care administrator William Haneke, Class of 1966 and 9th Infantry
Division member: ''I am saddened that Mr. Buckley chose this form to attack and
possibly defame members of the Class of 1966 of West Point - which I find
particularly offensive.''

- Hope Donnelly, Class of 1986: ''The honor code is really a big deal to me, one
of the reasons I went to West Point. It's something really important to
everybody there.''

The worst charge he makes is one of cowardice leveled against men now
dead.   - John Wheeler, Class of '66

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: April 1, 1999

                                FINAGLE-A-BAGEL

                                1244 BOYLSTON ST
                         CHESTNUT HILL,  MA 02467-2116
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 617-738-0800
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 703527220

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: C11 - 25

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 38 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    MARCELLO MATHIAS, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5461 - Bakeries
SECONDARY SIC:
5812 - Restaurants
2051 - Bread & Bakery Products, Exc Cooki

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 88,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
FOOD DISTR  08/27/16    07/16      27,500        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED
PACKAGING   11/02/16    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: CUST  4 YR

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 2              27,500        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 2                  27,500        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A

PAYMENT HISTORY - QUARTERLY AVERAGES:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
                          BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
3RD-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
2ND-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
1ST-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
4TH-Q-15         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
3RD-Q-15        105           500   --   --   --   -- 100%

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: August 1, 1990

                                FINAGLE A BAGEL

                                535 BOYLSTON ST
                             BOSTON,  MA 02116-3720
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 617-266-2500
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 704170980

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: D26 - 50

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 13 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    JONATHAN KAUFFMAN, MANAGER
     ·    PAUL TONY, PRES
     ·    PAULO PEREIRA, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: EAT & DRINK PLACES

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5812 - Restaurants
SECONDARY SIC:
5461 - Bakeries
2051 - Bread & Bakery Products, Exc Cooki
5451 - Dairy Products Stores

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 149,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
DAYS BEYOND TERMS (DBT):

     ·    As of 12/7/2016:  3
     ·    Prediction for 2/1/2017:  3
     ·    Average DBT This Industry:  6
     ·    Average DBT All Industries:  3



HISTORICAL PAYMENT GUIDE:

     ·    6-Month Account Range:  USD 33,500 to USD 38,400
     ·    Current Balance:  USD 38,400
     ·    Payment Performance:  PAYS SOONER THAN 50%
     ·    Payment Trend:  NO TREND IDENTIFIABLE



TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
FOOD DISTR  10/29/16    10/16      61,700    38,400  79%  21%   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED
PACKAGING   11/02/16    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: CUST  4 YR

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 2              61,700    38,400  79%  21%   --   --   --
DBT: 3
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 2                  61,700    38,400  79%  21%   --   --   --
DBT: 3

PAYMENT TRENDS:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
           BUSINESS       BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
AS OF           DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
11/16             3        38,400  79%  21%   --   --   --
10/16             2        35,000  89%  11%   --   --   --
09/16             2        35,000  89%  11%   --   --   --
08/16             2        33,500  89%  11%   --   --   --
07/16             3        37,100  81%  19%   --   --   --
06/16             3        37,100  81%  19%   --   --   --

PAYMENT HISTORY - QUARTERLY AVERAGES:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
                          BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
3RD-Q-16          2        34,500  89%  11%   --   --   --
2ND-Q-16          3        37,700  81%  19%   --   --   --
1ST-Q-16          4        35,700  74%  26%   --   --   --
4TH-Q-15          5        41,800  70%  27%   3%   --   --
3RD-Q-15          3        37,700  80%  20%   --   --   --

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: August 1, 1990

                                FINAGLE-A-BAGEL

                                277 CAMBRIDGE ST
                             BOSTON,  MA 02114-3108
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 617-726-1111
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 705651734

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: C11 - 25

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 13 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    DIANA VELEZ, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: RETAIL BAKERIES

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5461 - Bakeries
SECONDARY SIC:
5999 - Retail Stores, Misc, Nec

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 82,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
DAYS BEYOND TERMS (DBT):

     ·    As of 12/7/2016:  2
     ·    Prediction for 2/1/2017:  2
     ·    Average DBT This Industry:  5
     ·    Average DBT All Industries:  3



HISTORICAL PAYMENT GUIDE:

     ·    6-Month Account Range:  USD 22,100 to USD 27,400
     ·    Current Balance:  USD 24,000
     ·    Payment Performance:  PAYS SOONER THAN 50%
     ·    Payment Trend:  NO TREND IDENTIFIABLE



TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
FOOD DISTR  10/29/16    10/16      36,300    24,000  88%  12%   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED
PACKAGING   11/02/16    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: CUST  3 YR

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 2              36,300    24,000  88%  12%   --   --   --
DBT: 2
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 2                  36,300    24,000  88%  12%   --   --   --
DBT: 2

PAYMENT TRENDS:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
           BUSINESS       BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
AS OF           DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
11/16             2        24,000  88%  12%   --   --   --
10/16             3        27,400  80%  20%   --   --   --
09/16             3        27,400  80%  20%   --   --   --
08/16             3        25,500  78%  22%   --   --   --
07/16             1        22,100  92%   8%   --   --   --
06/16             1        22,100  92%   8%   --   --   --

PAYMENT HISTORY - QUARTERLY AVERAGES:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
                          BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
3RD-Q-16          3        26,800  79%  21%   --   --   --
2ND-Q-16          1        22,500  91%   9%   --   --   --
1ST-Q-16          5        26,800  70%  30%   --   --   --
4TH-Q-15          3        26,000  83%  17%   --   --   --
3RD-Q-15          4        24,800  76%  23%   --   1%   --

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: August 1, 1990

                                FINAGLE-A-BAGEL

                              1 CENTER PLZ LBBY D
                             BOSTON,  MA 02108-1802
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 617-523-6500
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 705850044

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: C11 - 25

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 13 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    MAHESH WIJETUNGA, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5461 - Bakeries
SECONDARY SIC:
2051 - Bread & Bakery Products, Exc Cooki

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 68,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
FOOD DISTR  01/23/16    12/15      25,800       400   -- 100%   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: July 1, 2004

                                FINAGLE A BAGEL

                                   11 1ST ST
                           CAMBRIDGE,  MA 02141-1841
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 617-871-1125
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 711952029

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: B6 - 10

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 13 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    LIDIA ORTEZ, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
5461 - Bakeries

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 32,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
PACKAGING   11/02/16    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: CUST  3 YR

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
FOOD DISTR  10/24/15    08/15      21,100        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED

TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 1                  --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 1                      --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: July 1, 2007

                             FINAGLE, INCORPORATED

                                1503 16TH AVE S
                           NASHVILLE,  TN 37212-2905
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 615-346-5253
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 871549990

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    DAVID C. REPAS, OWNER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
7389 - Business Services, Nec

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CRED CARD   11/19/16    11/16       9,200     3,300 100%   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 19, 2006 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

TEACH CLEANUP PAY GETS OK FROM CITY

BYLINE: BY KATHLEEN LUCADAMO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 312 words


A SECOND principal from Mayor Bloomberg's elite leadership training program
promised to give teachers extra cash for cleaning classrooms before a city
bigwig's planned visit - but educrats now say the payoffs are permissible.

When the Daily News revealed a similar plan by a Brooklyn principal late last
month, Education Department officials said handing out extra pay to get teachers
to pretty up classrooms violated city rules.

But the officials flip-flopped yesterday, approving the payouts offered to all
the teachers at Public School 87 in the Bronx by Principal Helene Gaylor. Dan
Weisberg, executive director for labor relations at the Education Department,
said principals are granted a lot of freedom in how they finagle their budget
and use so-called per-session funds, or overtime, for teachers. "It is up to the
judgment of the principal . . . and what they consider a good use of per-session
money," he said.

Gaylor is paying teachers about $80 each for a "spring cleanup" they completed
on March 27 to prepare for a "rumored visit from [Deputy Chancellor] Carmen
Farina," according to a memo Gaylor posted.

After Lafayette High School Principal Jolanta Rohloff offered to pay teachers
three hours of overtime - roughly $114 - to hang students' work and throw away
piles of papers on March 28, city officials scolded her and vowed to put a
disciplinary letter in her file.

"We made a mistake," Education Department spokesman David Cantor said yesterday.
"There was nothing she did that warranted any discipline."

Both principals are graduates of Bloomberg's Leadership Academy. But officials
said such plans did not grow out of a strategy taught at the academy or part of
a citywide directive.

"I really had the best intention, which was to compensate teachers for work they
don't have a chance to do during the day," Rohloff said yesterday.
klucadamo@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Boss, I Need a Bigger Screen. For Work Efficiency, of Course.

BYLINE: By FARHAD MANJOO

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BASICS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1168 words


FOR those of us easily dazzled by technology, a trip to Google's sprawling
headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. -- with its replica of SpaceShipOne, its
computerized toilets and solar-cell-covered parking lots -- can be a delirious
experience.

Yet what caught my attention on a recent visit was something pretty pedestrian:
the programmers' desks. Specifically, their computer monitors.

I recently met several software engineers who work on Gmail, and each sported a
spectacular configuration of screens. Some paired wide monitors with tall ones,
others had huge screens married to small ones, and still others used several
displays in series, giving the impression that in addition to building a
Web-based e-mail system, they were helping Norad keep tabs on the nation's
airspace.

For years, I've been reading about the psychic benefits of hooking up more than
one monitor to your computer. A host of studies by specialists in human-computer
interaction suggest that combining two displays, or using a single huge monitor,
can significantly enhance your productivity. The theory is simply that the
bigger your monitor, the more of your work you'll be able to see and the more
you'll be moved to do.

In a study commissioned by the electronics company NEC, researchers at the
University of Utah recently asked office workers to perform several common tasks
using various monitor configurations. They found that people who used two
20-inch monitors were 44 percent more productive at certain text-editing
operations than people using a single 18-inch monitor.

Not long ago, such studies might have seemed moot. Flat-panel displays weren't
cheap. Perhaps stockbrokers, film editors and Google engineers could finagle
several large displays, but mere office workers weren't going to get such perks.

But the price of LCD panels plummeted by almost a third in 2008, according to
Sweta Dash, an analyst at the market research firm iSuppli. Ms. Dash projects
the trend is likely to continue for much of 2009. What's more, over the last
year the display industry began to stretch its standard monitor sizes wider,
making for screens that are ideal for working with two applications side by side
(or for watching feature films). The roomy 22-inch widescreen monitor is fast
becoming the industry's standard size; at the moment, you can buy one for less
than $200.

With that in mind, over the last few weeks I began a personal quest for
multiple-monitor Zen. I got my hands on several displays and paired them up in
every way possible way.

First I tried using two 22-inch Dell widescreen monitors side by side, creating
one very wide screen, roughly 38 inches measured diagonally. Next, I rotated
each display so that its long side ran vertically; this configuration allowed me
to read a full document on the screen without scrolling. Copying one of the
styles I saw at Google, I then placed one screen vertically and the other
horizontally -- imagine the letter T on its side, with the wide screen reserved
for working with side-by-side windows, and the tall screen for focusing on a
single, long document.

I also tried a couple configurations with my laptop: the laptop's screen plus
one wide monitor, the laptop plus one tall one. Finally, I set up the Cadillac
Escalade of displays, an enormous 30-inch widescreen monitor made by Gateway.
This was the monitor a rap star might use -- a screen so large it suggests
you're overcompensating.

Whatever the configuration, my experience confirmed the researchers' findings:
having a lot of screen space significantly raised my productivity.

As every office worker knows, trying to get anything done on a computer that's
connected to the Internet can be a test of wills. On my old desktop monitor --
at 19 inches square, it was the Honda Civic of displays -- the Web was a
wormhole that routinely pulled me off track. I'd switch over to a browser window
to look something up, but as soon as I did so all traces of my work would
disappear from the screen and I'd forget about the task at hand. A half hour
later, I'd wake up from a deep browsing trance, wondering how I ever got to,
say, a page recounting the history of Adidas, or some other topic having nothing
at all to do with my work.

A huge desktop didn't remove all distractions, but it blunted their force. Now I
could keep my e-mail and the Web open on one screen while my Microsoft Word
document ran on another. This kept me on task. Even if I did go off to the Web,
my document was always visible, beckoning me to come back to work.

But it wasn't just that multiple monitors reduced distractions; the setup also
increased my efficiency when I did finally get around to working. I typically
use two main programs when writing articles -- Word and a text editor in which
I've compiled all my notes. For instance, as I'm writing this story in Word, I'm
switching back to my text editor to search for pertinent data. When I find that
information, I select it, copy it and switch back to Word to paste it. This is a
common office task, perhaps the main thing we do on computers. We search for raw
data in our e-mail and on the Web, then transfer that info into Word documents,
Excel spreadsheets and PowerPoint presentations.

But on a small monitor, this frequent task presents a cognitive challenge, says
Jane Payfer, the chief marketing officer at Ergotron, the company that makes the
excellent ergonomic monitor stands that I used to set up my displays in
different ways. Every time you bring up a new window on your screen, your eyes
and brain need to orient themselves to the new picture, a bit of mental
processing that can slow you down. In a multimonitor setup, the brain rests
easy: My notes now sit on one side of the dual screen while my Word document
sits on the other. When I focus on one program, I don't lose my place in the
other.

Of all the monitor configurations I tried, I was most impressed by the 30-inch
Gateway display, which provided enough screen space to run five or more
full-size windows at once. At close to $1,000, though, displays of this size are
prohibitively expensive for many people.

I found that two 22-inch monitors, one placed vertically and the other
horizontally, was a much more cost-effective way to bolster my productivity. Be
forewarned: to run this setup, you'll need a computer with a video card capable
of connecting to two screens. This is a common feature on new machines, but if
you have an older computer you'll most likely need to install a new video card
to get it to work (I bought one for about $100, and I managed to pop off my
computer's case and plug in the new card in about 15 minutes).

Alternatively, you can buy a dual monitor adapter from Kensington. For $120, it
turns one of your computer's U.S.B. ports into a monitor adapter, saving you the
trouble of opening your machine to insert a new card.

Whichever way you arrange it, rigging up two screens won't cost more than $500.
That's a lot cheaper than buying a superfast new computer. Your brain will thank
you, too.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS (PHOTO ILLUSTRATION BY TONY CENICOLA/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 18, 2008 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

THIS REV FEELS LIKE HE HIT A HOME RUN

BYLINE: BY Jotham Sederstrom

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 177 words


THE REV. TIMOTHY Hertin, who left Regina Pacis Catholic Church in Brooklyn to
become an Air Force chaplain in Iraq two years ago, was an angel in the outfield
yesterday.

As thousands of his peers waited in the packed bleachers to greet Pope Benedict,
the longtime Brooklynite took to the field in religious garb at Nationals Park
Stadium in Washington.

"We were really in fantasy land," said Hertin, a chaplain at Altus Air Force
Base in Oklahoma, who said he pictured himself as Babe Ruth as he swung an
imaginary bat alongside a priest from Chicago.

Hertin, who will return to Brooklyn in three years, also plans to see the Pope
when he comes to Yankee Stadium today. He said he used all the powers that be to
finagle an extra ticket for his mother, Gladys.

"She was telling all of her bowling friends, 'Don't worry, Father Tim's going to
get me my ticket,' " said Hertin, who appealed to the military and the Oklahoma
archdiocese to get the extra ticket.

"Today was phenomenal, one of the most historic events in the history of our
nation in recent times," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Rev. Timothy Hertin frolics in Nationals Park Stadium in
Washington, enjoying baseball fantasy before Pope Benedict appeared. Photo by
Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  August 13, 2004 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

TO BID OR NOT TO BID;
OPENING TODAY: AUCTION-STYLE SALE IS SURE TO ATTRACT DIFFERENT TYPES OF
INVESTORS.

BYLINE: DEBORAH LOHSE AND MICHAEL BAZELEY, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1619 words


Bidding for Google's much-vaunted auction-style sale of its company stock starts
today, and like the World Series of Poker, this deal promises to bring out some
colorful characters.

There will be the Adventurers, willing to pay any price for a few shares -- if
for no other reason than bragging rights.

There will be the Fat Cats -- the large mutual-fund or pension managers licking
their chops at the chance to get tens or hundreds of thousands of shares in the
deal, rather than their usual meager allotment.

Then there's the Calculator Crew and the Bottom Feeders -- investors trying
their hardest to finagle the lowest price to bid and still get in, or
low-balling in anticipation of scant demand.

"The whole thing is psychological," said Stuart Maudlin, an auction strategy
consultant with Auctus Development in Houston.

Google is trying to use its public debut on the stock market to rewrite the
traditional rule book on IPOs, or initial public offerings of stock. The
Mountain View company is using a rare "Dutch auction" to sell shares to a broad
array of large and small investors, instead of just a select group of
institutions usually invited to IPOs.

Instead of a price set by investment bankers, in this IPO bidders can pick
whatever price they would like to pay for stock, for a minimum of five shares.
Google has suggested that they bid from $108 to $135 a share, potentially making
Google one of the largest IPOs ever.

Generally speaking, the top bidders will win the IPO shares -- but the big
variable is the price they'll pay. The company's first public shares could be
sold to winning bidders early next week, and then begin trading on the Nasdaq
under the symbol GOOG, perhaps midweek. Google and its deal managers will set a
single price per share, representing the highest amount they can charge and
still find buyers for 25.7 million shares.

Sky-high price

That system is likely to spur some investors to bid not what they think the
stock is worth, but some sky-high number just to make sure they're in the top
bidding bunch who get shares. For those bidders, "it's the event that they are
buying," said Maudlin.

"They are willing to pay a premium in the same way that people pay $500 to a
scalper for a football game," said Meir Statman, a finance professor at Santa
Clara University. "These are the same people who like to have their picture
taken with the president or who like to be at a movie premiere in L.A."

On the other end of the spectrum from the Adventurers are the Dour Doubters, the
folks turned off by the uncertainty of the IPO price. These folks probably would
have bid if Google had set its stock range at bargain levels. But now they say
they'll wait until after the IPO to buy on the regular stock market, to avoid
picking a price that will just drop on them.

"If the dynamics were to really turn, I'd like to see how low the market would
take it," said Kevin Landis, chief investment officer at Firsthand Capital
Management in San Jose. "Why commit myself early?"

The vast majority of bidders are likely to bid within Google's suggested price
range, experts say, but exactly where is anybody's guess.

Some say they expect the bidding spectrum to be anchored by the Fat Cats,
managers of pensions or mutual funds who view Google as an important holding.

The Fat Cats are likely to bid for a lot of shares, but at prices they deem
bargains. "Dialogues are taking place with thoughtful investors as to what price
is reasonable to pay for Google," said John Coleman, head of institutional sales
for Pacific Growth Equities in San Francisco.

Any bidding strategy has its risks, experts say.

Adventurers risk seeing the IPO price tick up higher than they really expected,
because too many others had the same idea -- resulting in a "winner's curse" in
which potential profits fall when other investors don't want to buy at the
inflated price.

Bottom Feeders risk being shut out of the deal because they bid lower than
Google's lowest price for admission. And if the Calculator Crew or Fat Cats get
their chosen price, the stock could still sink later under the weight of an
overall stock market that has been falling for weeks.

"Buying the stock on its first day of trading is investing," said Barry
Nalebuff, professor of strategy at Yale School of Management. "Playing the
auction is more akin to gambling."

Playboy hoopla

Google is pushing ahead with its auction today after a last-minute flurry of
questions Thursday over an interview Google's two founders gave to Playboy
Magazine months ago. The interview provoked speculation that it could have run
afoul of rules that require company executives to observe a "quiet period" set
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

But securities lawyers figure Google smoothed it over with the SEC.

"My guess is that they made a superhuman effort to convince the SEC that there
was nothing new in the article," said John Olson, an attorney with Gibson, Dunn
and Crutcher in Washington, D.C.

CHART: JAVIER ZARRACINA and DEBORAH LOHSE - MERCURY NEWS
With the bidding opening today for  Google's IPO, investors are expected to
employ a variety of strategies:
............................................................
The Calculator Crew
Earnestly trying to figure out a smart price that balances Google's growth
prospects against its risks.
............................................................
The Fat Cats
These investors could be the backbone of the deal. They are managers of large
mutual funds or pensions, bidding for possibly tens of thousands of shares, but
not willing to overpay.
............................................................
The Bottom Feeders
They want in, but only at rock-bottom prices. They're betting that there will be

 so little demand, Google will have to let them in.
............................................................
The Adventurers
The rah-rah investors who want Google shares so badly they'll bid very high to
make sure they're in the group of winning bidders. They're gambling they won't
have to pay the high per-share price  they bid, knowing Google will gradually
move down a list of top bidders and charge what it takes to sell 25.7 million
shares.
............................................................
The Dour Doubters
Waiting to buy shares when they start trading in the stock market. They are
worried that no matter the IPO price, the stock will probably fall.
............................................................
PRICING AN IPO:HOW DUTCH AUCTIONS WORK
Google is planning to sell its first shares to the public in an unusual offering

 known as a "Dutch auction." In this type of deal, investors have more power
than usual to set the stock'sinitial price. Here's a hypothetical way Google
could sell its 25.7 million shares. *
............................................................
1.   Investors tell their brokers how many shares they want to buy, and at what
price.
Those numbers are fed into an auction engine in descending  price order.
Example:
Shares wanted      At this price
37,245               $190
335,185              $165
744,860              $150
1,489,710            $135
1,489,710            $130
6,703,705            $125
7,448,560            $122
7,448,560          $121.5
2,141,460            $120
2,141,460            $117
2,141,460            $116
744,855              $100
335,185               $95
37,245                $90
5,005                 $81
............................................................
2.  Starting with the shares requested by the highest bidders, Google sets aside

 shares to sell until it reaches 25.7 million shares. The lowest price at which
it can sell all those shares is called the clearing price.
3. If Google wants to give investors about a 5 percent profit cushion, it could
lower the price accordingly. That would then be the IPO price.
.... ................................................................
Example:
Shares wanted       At this price
37,245              $190
335,185             $165
744,860             $150                               25.7 million shares
1,489,710           $135
1,489,710           $130
6,703,705           $125
7,448,560           $122
7,448,560         $121.5 Clearing price
.......................................................................
2,141,460           $120                                 32.1 million shares
2,141,460           $117
2,141,460           $116 IPO  price
........... ............................................................
744,855             $100
335,185              $95
37,245               $90
5,005                $81
............................................................
4. At the IPO price of $116, there is  demand for 32.1 million shares, well over

 the company's stated desire to sell 25.7 million. Google could then pro-rate
the number of shares that each investor gets, as follows:
25.7 million shares
------------------------    = 80%
32.1 million shares
Each investor who bid $116 or  more gets 80 percent of the shares they asked
for.
............................................................
*Assumes the clearing price is the middle of Google's suggested price range.
Actual results could be very different.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Related Story: 1E
The Google IPO

GRAPHIC: Chart, Drawing

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 18, 2010, Monday

Country Living;
Learn to drive slowly where plows don't go;
The only way to become a safe driver in snow is through practice

BYLINE: Suzanne McMinn

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 542 words


"Snow-bound" takes on a whole new meaning when you live in the country on a
narrow rock-dirt road with hills, tight curves, and steep drop-offs with no
guard rails. The rest of the world seems to carry on with their snowplows and
salt or cinder trucks while those of us who live in the boonies are just plain
stuck.

The condition of our backwoods country road hasn't changed in three weeks. You'd
think it just snowed a foot yesterday instead of before Christmas. In the
winter, I have all sorts of ways to finagle out of going anywhere, all of which
require calling upon assistance - to get in supplies, to get kids to school, and
to get where I need to go myself.

Unfortunately, winter lasts for three months, and so this year, in my second
winter on a farm out in the beautiful backwoods, I decided it was time to learn
how to drive in the snow.

I started with an Internet search. My first search result yielded helpful
advice, such as wait for the snowplows to come by.

If I waited for the snow plows to come by on our road, they'd have to write
"Here she rests, awaiting the snow plow" on my tombstone.

More digging produced somewhat more helpful advice: Drive slowly. Accelerate and
decelerate gently. If you start to skid, take your foot off the brake so you can
steer. (If you brake while sliding, you'll lock the wheels and be unable to
control the car.) Use low gear on hills. (This will keep the get-up-and-go on
your car from making you go faster than you want to go.)

The most difficult advice for me to follow is to keep moving. When I'm driving
on a snow-covered road, I want to brake constantly, just to prove I can stop if
I want to. Not only will this not get me where I'm going, it could cause me to
go into a skid that wouldn't occur otherwise simply because I've locked the
wheels.

I followed my snow-driving research with a hands-on snow-driving lesson with an
experienced snow driver along for instruction. I have an almost irrational fear
of driving in the snow, particularly on steep, winding roads. I learned to drive
in southern California and have never lived any place before where it snowed the
way it does in West Virginia. The snow is gorgeous and I love it - as long as
I'm at home. I also love living on a remote farm, but I can't stay home all
winter.

If you're like me and you live on a country road that doesn't receive snowplow
attention, ask someone to help you with some snow-driving lessons. You might try
a flat snow-covered parking lot just to get a feel for how your vehicle handles
in the snow before hitting rougher terrain.

When you're comfortable on flat ground, try your own road, with your experienced
driving helper in the car with you. A good bit of the fear about driving in the
snow is in your head, though not all of it. Winter driving carries real risks,
especially in the country, but practice and experience can make it safer.

As for me, I'm still not comfortable driving in the snow and I still need more
experience, but practice and research on winter driving has already increased my
confidence. I expect to be a fantastic winter driver in 10 or 15 years. Twenty,
tops.

Writer Suzanne McMinn lives in Roane County, where she writes every day in her
blog, Chickens in the Road, at www.suzannemcminn. com.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

RIPPED & 'RIPPING OFF' LAW STUDENT'S LYING, BEGGING, FLIRTING HER WAY TO FREE
GYM SESSIONS FOR ENTIRE YEAR

BYLINE: BY KEVIN DEUTSCH DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 448 words


SHE'S GOT BUNS of "steal" and she's proud of it.

A thrifty Columbia Law School student has taken to working out regularly at the
city's legion of gyms, yoga studios and dojos - without ever paying.

"All want my nonexistent money, and they're willing to lure me with the offer of
a free session, or sometimes even a free week," said the hard-bodied Julia
Neyman, 24, who blogs about her adventures on bunsofsteal.blogspot.com.

"But I've got an ace up my sleeve: desperation, and the willingness to travel
all over the five boroughs to make sure my workout is gratis."

Her fitness goal? Work out free for a year.

Neyman will do whatever it takes to score no-cost gym sessions: lie, finagle,
beg and even flirt.

"When you have no money and want to stay in shape, you become pretty
resourceful," said Neyman, a former business journalist and aspiring litigator.

One month into her tummy-tightening trek, she's already muscled her way into a
pile of free passes, worked out at a dozen gyms and taken a slew of comped
classes ranging from yoga and Pilates to pole dancing and kick boxing.

After moving from Miami to Morningside Heights for law school last year, Neyman
began shopping for a gym membership in Manhattan and quickly suffered sticker
shock.

 So she started picking up free passes here and there. Before long, she realized
there were hundreds of gyms throughout the city that offered free trials or
could be talked into giving her one.

So she challenged herself to use them for 365 days.

"Most people aren't cheap enough to do this for a whole year," she said. "But I
am."

The Daily News tagged along with Neyman recently for a workout at Five Points
Academy, a gym and martial arts school in Chinatown. After talking her way into
an hour-long kick boxing lesson, Neyman held off the membership director with a
promise she would think about joining.

Once out the door, she was already plotting her next free workout.

"Sometimes it's too easy," she said.

But not always.

Neyman recently used up a week-long pass at an Equinox in Manhattan, and tried
to hit up another nearby branch days later. But the gym had wised up.

"They gave me a talking to," she said.

At David Barton Gym in Chelsea, Neyman struck out when she tried to flirt her
way into an extended pass.

"I realized the problem of working out at a predominantly gay gym: My gender had
absolutely zero pull," she wrote on her blog.

A buff employee at the Equinox on 92nd St., where Neyman worked out, said "gym
grifters" are common these days and that his branch was cracking down.

"Checking out two or three gyms I understand, but to do it for a year is just
ripping people off," he said.

Neyman's not sweating it.

"I'm having a blast," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Columbia Law student Julia Neyman, 24, is chronicling her mission to
score free workouts throughout the city for a year on her blog, bunsofsteal.
Free workout at Chinatown's Five Points Academy. Photos by Robert Mecca

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

IN THE END, ANNA TOO HOT TO HANDLE

BYLINE: BY LISA OLSON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 793 words


PHOENIX - Nobody will go on record, of course, because that would mean they'd
have to break the sacred guy code. So let's just say there were a whole lot of
silent toasts given to Kris Benson in the last couple days.

Years ago, baseball players fell all over themselves in the rush to high-five
Benson after he bagged a vixen stripper. Marrying Anna might have been the
highlight of Kris' life, or so the guys thought when they got a look at Anna's
expensive accessories. Seven years on, Anna claims the marriage is
"irretrievably broken" - a nice way of saying Kris did something naughty - and
baseball's oddest couple is breaking up.

"Where do we send Kris the congratulations cards?" one Yankee quipped the other
day, upon hearing the hardly unexpected news. In normal guy world, he and his
mates already would have procured Anna's digits, but even baseball players have
standards.

This is not to suggest that Anna is anything but a pure, good-hearted woman with
conservative values who only wants to make the world a better place by baring
her body, and we know this because her army of public relations people are
constantly alerting us to where and when we might see that body.

She is super smart, too. Just ask her. It was Anna who helped Kris finagle more
money from the Mets than any other team was willing to pay him, Anna who would
call New York media outlets to drop gossip about herself (and then shrewdly deny
it), Anna who chose to wear a low-cut Mrs. Claus outfit to the Mets holiday
party and then, oops, accidentally bend over so all the kids and photographers
might get a peek.

All were brilliantly calculated moves designed to promote and benefit Anna. The
Mets fancy themselves a family business, and their charitable contributions to
the community are unparalleled. But they aren't prudes; they hadn't much of a
problem with Anna vamping in the lad magazines. It's her mouth that gave them
the willies. Anna's verbal threats revealed her inner beauty.

This is what she said to Adam Rubin, the Daily News' Mets beat reporter, when
the team was on the verge of trading her husband to Baltimore: "We gave a
million of Kris' money to New York City because we wanted to help the city
because of 9/11. We specifically did it for New York, and then they turn around
and trade us? I just don't understand. Why would the Mets let us give a million
dollars of our money? We're young kids. We shouldn't be giving that kind of
money away. Nobody else does that. We did it in good faith and then they turn
around and trade us."

Benson's charitable contributions were a joint operation with the Mets: his
contract stipulated he would donate $1 million to charities working with victims
of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks; the team would pitch in an additional
$250,000 a year in his name for four years.

"They should give it back to us if they trade us," said Anna, in a quote that
pretty much sums up her net worth.

She wants the 9/11 charities to return the Bensons' money? Where do the NYC
firefighters go for refunds on Anna calendars, or whatever it is she's pimping
these days? Even if Kris was a cheating cad, he has our sympathy. Their tangle
over alimony ought to make Kris' season go exceedingly smooth.

Lately partners of professional athletes have been popping up everywhere,
flashing their frisky independence and putting the guys into uncomfortable
situations. That's what they get for straying from the cookie cutter mold that
had long turned out docile, child-bearing knock-outs who cheered quietly from
the stands and agreed to stay at home during their husband's road trips.

Now Kendra Davis causes a commotion a few rows up from the court, prompting her
husband Antonio to rush to her aid. A few weeks later, the Knicks trade Davis,
and we hope he's forever washing her feet in thanks. Now Janet Jones Gretzky is
linked to a betting ring under criminal investigation, shocking those who can't
fathom how Wayne wasn't aware his wife had her own interests or urges. Now
Kimberly Bell leaks intimate tape recordings of threats made by her lover Barry
Bonds, and the public mostly shrugs it off as the work of a jilted mistress.

Feminism is a righteous gift. Women have the god-given ability to be as sleazy
and mouthy and crazy as the next guy. Some can be all three while sliding
half-naked down a pole, an athletic endeavor we don't see many men attempting.
And some guys, we have learned, are brilliantly astute. Remember Anna's public
vow to sleep with the entire Met team, including bat boys, if Kris had an
affair?

Anna claims it was a joke. Anna claims a lot of things, so we'll take her word
on this one. But our highly informal poll of baseball players suggests there
wouldn't be many takers. And so the species evolves.

lolson@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UPI Anna Benson, Kris' soon-to-be ex-wife, is known as much for her
outrageous personality as for her body.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 14, 2013 Friday
                                2 Tampa Edition

SHIELDS IDLE IN SERIES BUT BUSY IN RETURN

BYLINE: MARC TOPKIN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



HIGHLIGHT: Former Rays starter and his family revisit home of "a lot of good
memories."


About three weeks ago, Royals right-hander James Shields realized that, against
pretty good odds, he wouldn't get to start during this four-game series at
Tropicana Field against his former Rays teammates.

"I was trying to finagle the schedule a little bit to pitch against these guys,"
Shields, 31, said Thursday, "but we kept the same rotation."

Though disappointing in that regard, returning to his home for seven years was
rewarding. "A lot of good memories, a lot of happy times, a lot of good
friends," he said.

Rather than drive his truck from his Clearwater home, which he has a deal to
sell, Shields took a shuttle from the Royals' downtown St. Petersburg hotel.
And, of course, he had to walk by the Rays clubhouse to the visitors' side.

"It's definitely weird," he said.

His wife, Ryane, flew in Wednesday night with their two daughters from their new
offseason house in San Diego, and they'll see as many old friends as they can,
hoping to run by their old neighborhood.

"We'll always have a place in our hearts for this community," Shields said.
"This is our home."

He still keeps up and keeps in touch with many of his ex-teammates, saying David
Price texts him for advice and how proud he is of Alex Cobb. The Rays showed a
video tribute to Shields during Thursday's game. He acknowledged a nice ovation
with a wave and tip of the cap, calling it "very classy."

Shields, traded in December for a package headlined by prospect Wil Myers, has
pitched well for the Royals, with a 2.79 ERA that ranks seventh in the American
League. But he has only two wins - the last one coming when he beat the Rays on
April 30 - given a somewhat-familiar lack of run support.

"I'm very happy with the way I've been pitching," he said. "I'll keep grinding
it out."

Some things never change.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - JAMES BORCHUCK - Times: Former Ray James Shields, now with the
Royals, watches a scoreboard video in his honor during his return to the Trop.
He won't pitch in the series.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Pensions & Investments

                               December 12, 2011

PBGC wrestling with 2 problems;
AMR bankruptcy has agency preparing for fight to keep DB plans afloat ...

BYLINE: Hazel Bradford

SECTION: Pg. 2 Vol. 39

LENGTH: 1327  words


The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. is girding for battle to keep American
Airlines' four defined benefit plans in the hands of the company whose parent,
AMR Corp., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.

And with responsibility for $10 billion in liabilities at stake, the federal
agency wasted no time fighting to be placed on the airline's creditors
committee.

The stakes are high for the nearly 130,000 participants, who could lose as much
as $1 billion in pension benefits if the PBGC takes over the plans - especially
the more highly compensated pilots, who have typically opted for lump-sum
payments at retirement. In fact, some experts predict the pilots will finagle a
way to freeze their defined benefit plan to avoid a termination.

But the stakes are also high for a federal agency that's already in the hole by
$26 billion.

The PBGC estimates American's four defined benefit plans - for pilots, flight
attendants, ground crews and mechanics - have combined liabilities of $18.5
billion, while plans assets total only $8.3 billion. The defined contribution
plans of American Airlines, with $9.44 billion, are not affected by the
bankruptcy.

So far, airline executives have said relatively little about the pension
situation. "Obviously pensions are part of our cost disadvantage," Thomas W.
Horton, American Airlines CEO and president, said at a news briefing after the
Fort Worth, Texas-based company filed for Chapter 11 in New York on Nov. 29.
"But we're not prepared to say how that will go."

A company website dedicated to the restructuring noted that "unlike many
companies, American has remained committed to preserving its employees' defined
benefit plans. ... The company's goal continues to be to avoid adverse pension
outcomes suffered by other network carriers. ... We need to look at ways to
modernize our retirement plans to more closely align with what the industry and
other large companies are providing."

'Taken its toll'

As the last holdout among the major airlines to keep defined benefit plans,
"it's taken its toll over the years," says Jonathan Waite, director of
investment management advice for SEI Institutional Group, an Oaks, Pa.-based
firm that advises investment managers and pension funds.

Although many airline industry analysts say few airlines emerge from Chapter 11
with defined benefit plans intact, Mr. Waite believes the AMR filing could buy
the airline time to figure out options other than terminating the plans and
shifting responsibility to the PBGC. "A lot more creative solutions can be
addressed than if they had not gone down this road. Many people think the only
two options are to keep (the plans) or liquidate. I think there is a lot of
space in between," Mr. Waite said in a telephone interview.

Some of those options could include freezing some or all of the plans, getting
extra time to make pension contributions, or having U.S. Bankruptcy Court
approve other temporary austerity measures, including changes in benefit levels,
at least while in Chapter 11 protection, said bankruptcy experts who declined to
be identified.

The PBGC, meanwhile, will have a say in the plans' future with a seat on AMR's
creditors committee. The agency "is going to make sure that they (American) have
pursued all avenues first," says Mr. Waite. "In the past few years they've taken
a firm stand that they are not going to just take it."

Many observers agree that PBGC Director Joshua Gotbaum, a bankruptcy trustee for
Hawaiian Airlines from 2003 to 2005, has taken a more aggressive role in
bankruptcies in which defined benefit plans are on the line. In American's case,
the PBGC argued to be included on the creditors committee; AMR did not include
it on its list of top 50 largest creditors, because plan termination is not yet
an issue.

Pleading its case in a letter to the bankruptcy trustee, PBGC counsel Israel
Goldowitz noted that having served on creditors' committees for Northwest
Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines during their Chapter 11
bankruptcies, the PBGC "would bring a depth of experience ... regardless of
(American's) intentions regarding its plans."

The PBGC's record in those bankruptcy cases was mixed. It ended up assuming
responsibility for all United Airlines plans in 2005, but only the pilots' plan
at Delta in 2006 and none at Northwest. Following US Air's two bankruptcies,
PBGC took over the pilots' plan in 2003, and then all employees in 2005. Of all
liabilities assumed by the PBGC since 1974, roughly 45% are from airlines.

But that fight to join the committee is just the beginning. "They don't have a
ton of leverage, but they can make life difficult," says a former PBGC official.
"It gets to be a battle of the experts."

Bargaining chip

One card the PBGC can play is the cost of termination premiums, which for that
many employees could cost the airline as much as $500 million, a sizable
bargaining chip.

Mr. Gotbaum hopes it doesn't get that far. "We are going to do what we always
do, encourage American Airlines to reorganize and be competitive and keep their
pension plans going," he said in an e-mail.

If the PBGC does wind up taking over some or all of the defined benefit plans,
"we're going to negotiate the best deal that we can," Vincent Snowbarger, the
PBGC's deputy director, said in an interview.

The agency has some powerful allies on the creditors' committee, especially the
Allied Pilots Association, whose members have the most to lose if their pension
plan is terminated. The maximum annual benefit from plans taken over by the PBGC
is $54,000.

"A very senior pilot could lose two-thirds of his pension," says Jeremy Gold,
president of Jeremy Gold Pensions, a New York consulting firm.

And many participants are nearing retirement age. With an average age of 57 for
captains and 54 for co-pilots, "this is the oldest seniority list in the
industry," says analyst Bob Herbst of Airline Financials, St. Louis, a former
American pilot who has gone through three airline bankruptcies and whose own
pension could be affected. "If I had to make a bet right now, I'd say the pilots
will find a way to freeze their plan. It would be in the best interests of the
pilots, and that has always been a very high priority of theirs in all
negotiations."

Those negotiations date back to 2003, when the last union contracts with pilots,
flight attendants, mechanics and fleet service workers were hammered out.
Although technically expired, those contracts have been extended by default
through the Railway Labor Act of 1926, a federal collective bargaining law that
also governs airlines. At the time of the 2003 talks, keeping pensions intact
prevailed in contract negotiations with all unionized workers over wages and
other work rule concessions, which led to 30% in labor cost savings for the
airline to keep the defined benefit plans intact.

"That was one of our sacred cows," said James C. Little, president of the
Transport Workers Union of America, which represents 30,000 American ground crew
members.

"I think there is a lot of ammo in the 2003 bargain" for protecting pensions,
says Bob Mann, a Port Washington, N.Y.-based airline consultant and former
American executive who was involved in the 2003 talks. "Over the past eight
years, when management was rewarding itself generously with executive
compensation, it also wasn't funding pensions the way it should have."

How much weight that argument carries with the bankruptcy judge remains to be
seen. Union representatives say they will know more once American releases its
bankruptcy term sheet, which isn't expected until the start of 2012, at the
earliest.

"Every (bankruptcy) is different," said Gregg Overman, APA communications
director. "We've taken a good look at what's happened with others, and we think
we're as prepared as best as we can be." Like the PBGC, the pilots are prepared
to negotiate, Mr. Overman added. "We want to approach this as constructively and
positively as possible. We are open to new ideas."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PI


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 18, 2007 Wednesday

THE NAME OF THE GAME IS MONEY;
Student bankers compete for accounts

BYLINE: DAN SCANLAN

SECTION: Pg. O-1

LENGTH: 382 words


Money makes the world go around, according to the song.

And a few million dollars hanging in the balance certainly adds to the
incentive, as students from Mandarin and Wolfson high schools learned recently.

They were able to financially finagle make-believe accounts in a Banks in Action
competition sponsored by the Citi Group Foundation and Junior Achievement of
Florida's First Coast.

Eight teams - five from Wolfson and three from Mandarin - ran their
computer-simulated banks out of the Citi Group training room at 14000 Citi Cards
Way. After 26 simulations, a team from Wolfson called Fresh off the Boat - Josh
Ciocco, Anes Dracic and Jaymin Maisuria - came in first.

A Mandarin High School team called Three Mikes and a Matt - Jarrod Shepherd,
Matthew Holmes, Mike Beccko and Michael Amason - was second. Third place was a
Wolfson team called United Nations - Kristin Wilson, Edita Kuko and Katie Jo
Howell.

It was a tough competition, juggling interest rates to get clients who existed
only inside a computer to take out loans, yet still make enough money to keep
your cyber-bank in the green.

And while his students had competed against each other in the classroom in
recent months, this time they faced unknown competitors, said David Piper,
Wolfson's twelfth-grade AP economics teacher.

"One of the concepts I hope they learned is supply and demand is in every
business out there," Piper said. "Compared to the classrooms where you are
against the same competition, new competition made it more difficult."

Mandarin High School's twelfth-grade honors economics teacher, Eric Fields,
agreed. He said it was a competitive environment where students found they had
to spend money to make it.

"Sometimes when you are too aggressive, it ends up hurting you in the long run,"
he said. "The groups who won started out with a plan early on."

The Banks in Action program was launched in 21 U.S. cities this year to teach
high school students about the banking industry. Wolfson and Mandarin high
school economics classes benefited from visits from Citi Group staff, who taught
them about the banking industry, interest rates and mortgages.

The most successful student bankers from each class went on to compete in the
Banks in Action event. The top three teams move to regional competition in late
spring.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
JUNIOR ACHIEVEMENT/Special A team from Wolfson High School's AP economics class
discusses one aspect of their banking during the competition. Wolfson High
School students concentrate on their computer screen during the Banks in Action
competition. JUNIOR ACHIEVEMENT/SpecialMandarin High School economics students
team up to compete in the Citi Foundation and Junior Achievement of Florida's
First Coast's Banks in Action competition March 29.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 24, 2003 Friday

What does MTV's 'M' stand for again?;
TONY HICKS: MUSIC CRITIC

SECTION: TO; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 718 words


I WAS JUST thinking it's been too long since I bothered to spend a day with my
old friend, MTV, when I received the following press release:

Bundle up with MTV this February and let us heat things up with a jam-packed
line-up of specials and premieres.

OK, I'm thinking ... live concerts from American landmarks, moldy old rock stars
sobbing about their misdeeds, interviews with up-and-coming bands, tour dates,
videos, videos and more videos ... maybe live Creed footage with real explosions
from the top of Mount Rushmore ... here it comes ...

First join us on Feb. 26 at 10 p.m. when we kick off "Sorority Life II." Tune in
for another season as we follow a new sorority pledge class and watch them go
from the "rushing" process all the way to "initiation."

Uh ... er-ah, what?

Next it's the guys' turn, as we take you into the first season of "Fraternity
Life." Learn more about the lives of these young college men as we look at what
they go through when they pledge a fraternity.

Who sent this? This is hilarious stuff. Let's see which one of my brain-warped
pals signed this thing ...

This month we also reunite our sorority girls in our "Sorority Life Reunion
Special." Join the girls from our first season as they meet again and talk about
how the experience affected their lives ...

I don't seem to recognize the name ... let's look at the address. Hey, somebody
managed to finagle the return address to include the letters "mtvstaff." Can you
do that?

Also in February we bring you "MTV's Big Urban Myths" on Feb. 18. Watch as we
put your favorite urban myths to the test.

Oh, man, this is serious. Please, God, at least let Rod Stewart be one of the
guests ...

MTV also heats up your February with "TRL Valentine's Day Special." Tune in as
we celebrate love on TRL and witness one lucky couple getting married right in
our Times Square studio. Then, for more romance on Feb. 15, join us for our
"Reality Hook-Up Special": Watch as we show viewers some of the most memorable
hook-ups from MTV reality shows.

Physical nausea ... crippling pain ... stomach cramps ... must make it stop ...

At 2 p.m. we will air "Ultra Sound: Break Ups & Make Ups I"' where we will
explore what it's like to break up and make up in front of the whole world as we
catch up with couples, including Justin and Britney, J.Lo, and more.

This must be why Sting used to wail about wanting his MTV.

The release did have some brief news about a hip-hop special and something about
a Grammy pre-show thingie. Then, just when I was starting to think it really was
from MTV, I read the last paragraph, which exposed the joke it must really be.

But that's not all. Also join us as we present "True Life Weekend" on Feb. 1.
Catch up with your favorite characters from last year with "True Life: VIP II."
Then on Feb. 6, meet people who alter their daily lives to handle their extreme
phobias in "True Life: I Have a Phobia."

Speaking of phobias, this press release just gave me a new one. Other "True
Life" specials airing in February include "True Life: I'm Adopted," "True Life:
I Have a Baby Mama Drama," and "True Life: Breaking Up."

Just remember, the "M" in MTV stands for ... something.

SCREAM FOR ME, CONCORD: What in the name of bad hair extensions is going on at
Bourbon Street in Concord, where the coming weeks feature shows by the
following: Quiet Riot tonight, the Dead Kennedys Saturday night, and 2 Live Crew
on Feb. 7?

Since Jello Biafra isn't around, and Quiet Riot was terrible even when it was
peaking, the best band on any of these bills might be Powerage, the AC/DC
tribute band opening for QR tonight. Bourbon Street is at 2765 Clayton Road in
Concord. Call 925-676-7272 for more details.

CDS I CAN'T PRY OUT OF THE STEREO: "Boomslang," the new one from ex-Smiths
guitarist Johnny Marr and the Healers, and "Free So Free" by ex-Dinosaur Jr
singer J. Mascis and the Fog. The former was a wonderful surprise with lots of
great guitar, and the latter exemplifies irresistible alt-rock songwriting.

BAND NAME OF THE WEEK: Sean Na Na. I got the CD about a year with some guy on
the cover. I don't remember what it sounds like, but the name alone is enough to
keep it on my desk.

Tony Hicks is the Times pop music critic. He can be reached at 925-952-2678 or
thicks@cctimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          February 12, 2000, Saturday

STYLIST FINAGLES FRONT-ROW SEAT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 194 words


THE competitive style gurus who attend all the shows during Fashion Week are a
mite miffed that stylist Kithe Brewster has been getting front-row seats --
using his pal Julianne Moore as leverage. Brewster, who has worked with the
redheaded star for six months, was right by the runway at Marc Jacobs' show on
Monday and at John Bartlett's Thursday night. "He intimated that Moore wouldn't
show up if he wasn't given front row seats," a Bartlett source said. When that
didn't work, Moore -- a Bartlett devotee -- called up herself and said Brewster
would be accompanying her. "They had to tell Billy Zane he couldn't come because
they had to seat a stylist. The front row is for news makers and news
writers--even the most famous stylists sit on the second and third rows!" says
our spy. "Most people can't even bring their husbands it's so packed, but Moore
is such a valued customer that they had to comply." A rep for Moore said:
"Everyone is allowed to bring a guest and Julianne's guest is Kithe. She wanted
to sit with Kithe because he was her guest, and offered to sit elsewhere, but
they wanted her in the front row." Brewster didn't return calls.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 4, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

Bush forces finagle in Michigan

BYLINE: PHIL GAILEY

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; NATION; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 847 words



If the Democratic and Republican presidential campaigns were    competing
television mini-series, the GOP contest would be in danger of    being canceled
for poor ratings.



       How can the Republicans compete with Gary Hart's philandering,    Joe
Biden's plagiarism, Mike Dukakis's "attack" videotapes, or even    Patricia
Schroeder's two-hankie announcement that she will stay out of    the race?



      It isn't much, but George Bush's Great Michigan Survival Caper    may be
the best Republicans can offer for the fall season.



      The vice president and his handlers should be charged with    attempted
theft in Michigan for trying to grab power that they have    been unable to win
politically.



      While the vice president was trooping around Poland last week,    with two
television crews in tow to film campaign commercials, his    agents back home
were doing his political dirty work.



      To spare the Republican frontrunner an embarrassing defeat in    Michigan
next January, the Bush forces are attempting an end-run around    the political
process they once boasted would deliver a majority of the    state's 77 national
conventional delegates to Bush.

      Bush went into the Michigan contest with the solid backing of the
state's GOP establishment. He invested millions of dollars and    considerable
political capital in the state's screw-ball delegate    selection process.



      The first step was the election of precinct delegates in August    1986.
Bush operatives, armed with computer printouts that they said    defied
challenge, claimed an outright victory.



      But as the process went forward, the Bush campaign was    outmaneuvered by
supporters of Jack Kemp and Pat Robertson. The    Kemp-Robertson coalition won
control of the state committee and blocked    an effort by Bush operatives to
add an extra 1,200 delegates to those    going to county conventions. These
extra slots would have gone to party    regulars, who tend to be Bush partisans.




      Having lost the battle politically, the Bush people first    threatened to
file a lawsuit challenging the state committee's    rejection of the
convention-packing plan. The courts generally have    been reluctant to tell
political parties what rules they should play    by.



   The idea of a lawsuit has been put aside, at least for now, so    Bush's
state chairman, John Engler, can try to cut a deal with    Democratic
politicians to save the Bush effort in Michigan.



   Engler, the Republican leader of the state Senate, first offered an
amendment to a Democratic campaign reform bill to force the state    committee
to add the 1,200 extra delegates. Apparently this attempt to    have the
Legislature meddle in party affairs did not sit well with some    lawmakers, so
Engler came up with Plan B.

      Now Engler is pushing an amendment that would allow the pro-Bush
Republican leaders of the House and the Senate to each name 10 extra    members
to the state committee. If they can regain control of the    party's state
committee, they can change the rules of the      delegate-selection process.



      None of these schemes can get through the Legislature without the
support of Democrats. Kemp supporters have charged that Engler has    offered to
help the Democrats move their legislative agenda in return    for their help in
the Bush campaign salvage operation.



      "I don't know if it will work, but it's clear that George Bush    has
panicked," said Dick Minard, the Kemp campaign director in    Michigan. "This is
a sorry episode for them to be involved in. Maybe    it would be easier for them
to attempt legislation so George Bush    could, from the campaign trail in
Poland, personally appoint Michigan's    77 national convention delegates."



      The Bush campaign obviously would like to start 1988 by winning a
majority of Michigan's delegates before Iowa caucus voters render their
verdict. The Bush campaign was shaken up recently when Pat Robertson    won a
straw poll at a Republican dinner in Iowa. Bob Dole came in    second and Bush
third. The outcome turned on which campaign sold the      most tickets to the
dinner.



      Bush appeared somewhat shaken by the outcome. His defeat in the    straw
poll, he told reporters, had unleashed the "tiger" in him.



      In his political reincarnation as a tiger Bush apparently intends    to
show his fighting side. That's fine. But he has picked the wrong    fight in
Michigan. Even tigers have to live by the rules of the jungle.

  - Phil Gailey is chief of the Washington bureau for the St.

 Petersburg Times. -



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 8, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK DAY BY DAY ;
Of Blintzes, Lox And Poetic Expression

BYLINE: By Susan Heller Anderson and David W. Dunlap

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 157 words


The muses on the Lower East Side

must have been hungry to inspire such an ode.

It is taped to a milk machine at the B&H Dairy Restaurant at 127 Second Avenue,
between Seventh and Eighth Streets. The manager, Raul Morales, promises to keep
it there ''for quite a while.''

Two patrons, Jonathan Robbins and Peter Lamborn Wilson, handed the poem to Mr.
Morales one day after lunch.  Blessings on your counter tops, Bruchas on your
pans and pots, B&H, the Dairy princes, Lords of sour cream and blintzes!  Young
and fresh or old and gnarly, All must slurp your mushroom barley; Even wealthy
uptown fogeys Grab a cab for your pirogies!  If we had a dozen wishes Never
could we wish a dish as Good as your gefilte fish is!  Though your premises be
narrow You have stuffed us to the marrow; Still, we cannot leave your table Til
we wheedle or finagle One more lox or one more bagel! Susan Heller Anderson
David W. Dunlap

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Knicks Are Dealt a Rout by the Suns and a Blow to Their Playoff Hopes

BYLINE: By SCOTT CACCIOLA

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; SUNS 112, KNICKS 88; Pg.

LENGTH: 769 words


PHOENIX -- With the Knicks engaged in a playoff chase that has become one of the
N.B.A.'s more engaging sitcoms, Coach Mike Woodson needed two sentences to sum
up the season before the Phoenix Suns demolished his team Friday night at US
Airways Center.

''Every game is tough for us,'' Woodson said. ''It doesn't matter who we play.''

The Boston Celtics? Tough. The Milwaukee Bucks? Tough. The Orlando Magic? So
tough. It might be worth noting that all three teams are bound for the draft
lottery, yet they all own victories over the Knicks, who have been charitable to
the league's underclass for nearly five months now.

The Suns are different, though. They are legitimately tough. They pull up for
transition 3-pointers. They rebound and defend. They have fans who come out of
the stands to drill halfcourt shots for $77,777, which was the case during a
timeout promotion in the second quarter Friday. That the Suns entered the game
in a playoff chase of their own only heightened their sense of urgency.

It turned into a big mess for the Knicks, who were dealt a 112-88 loss and
another severe blow as they try to finagle their way into the postseason.

The Knicks (30-43) could have pulled within a game of the Atlanta Hawks for the
final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. Instead, the Knicks slipped to two
games back -- and their coming schedule, which includes a game at the Golden
State Warriors on Sunday, is less than favorable.

Eight of the Knicks' nine remaining games are against teams bound for the
playoffs. The Hawks, on the other hand, have a much softer slate of opponents:
Of their 11 remaining games, six are against teams with losing records,
including the Philadelphia 76ers, who have lost 26 straight, and the Milwaukee
Bucks, whose season has somehow been even worse.

Of course, the Hawks have lost 19 of their last 25 games, so nothing is assured.
They seem oddly determined to give the Knicks every opportunity to make the
playoffs, if only the Knicks could help themselves.

''They beat us in all aspects tonight,'' said Carmelo Anthony, who rattled
through a list that included defense, the transition game, offensive rebounds
and what he called ''the hustle game.'' The Knicks were just not prepared, he
said.

Given the dire circumstances, Woodson said the performance was especially
disheartening. He said he had cautioned his team against being sucked into an
up-tempo affair with the Suns, who love to run out on the fast break. Based on
appearances, Woodson's players ignored him. The Suns' lead reached 32 points.

''We came out, and it was like a back-and-forth shooting match,'' Woodson said.
''We got into a situation where we made one pass and the shot was up. We never
had good floor balance.''

The game also highlighted the disparity between the league's two conferences.
The Suns (44-29) entered Friday with a half-game lead over Dallas for the final
playoff spot in the West. They would be the third seed in the East.

Anthony, who twisted his right ankle in Wednesday's win over the Sacramento
Kings, started against the Suns and supplied 40 minutes. He sat for two minutes
of the first half and for the final six minutes of the second half, with the
Suns way out in front. He scored 21 points and shot 8 of 20 from the field. He
appeared to be grimacing by the end.

''I ain't got no choice,'' Anthony said of playing big minutes. ''You ain't
going to hear no complaints from me. I've got to give it my all right now.''

A major problem for the Knicks was their defense. To be specific, they did not
play much of it. This was more than vaguely reminiscent of their showing in
Tuesday's 31-point loss to the Los Angeles Lakers, and the Suns, like the
Lakers, treated the game like an all-you-can-eat buffet.

Whenever they spotted up for 3-pointers, the Suns might as well have been
protected by some sort of force field. Opposing players seldom came within five
feet of them. They finished 14 of 33 from 3-point range.

''We're playing for something,'' Woodson said, ''and it's disappointing because
we can't afford to give games away.''

The only damage the Knicks were able to inflict came in the second quarter, when
Goran Dragic caught an inadvertent elbow from Tyson Chandler. The injury
required five stitches above his left eye.

Dragic, who finished with 32 points, returned at the start of the third quarter,
and the Suns' lead continued to expand. The Knicks ran the floor as if their
sneakers were waterlogged.

''There's no more talking right now,'' Anthony said. ''You just got to go out
there and play ball. There's no talking. Either we want it, or we don't. There's
no more talking.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/29/sports/basketball/knicks-are-dealt-a-rout-by-t
he-suns-and-a-blow-to-their-playoff-hopes.html

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 29, 2017 Sunday

Lawmakers look to finagle funding for clean coal tech

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 990 words


North Dakota's coal industry is looking to divert some of the money it
contributes to a fund for county and school construction projects to develop
clean coal technology.

The legislative path forward has seen little opposition, though it is undergoing
some administrative hurdles, as many view development of new technologies as
imperative to the survival of the industry - and without the coal companies,
their would be no Coal Development Trust Fund at all.

Wade Boeshans, president and general manager of BNI Coal, said he sees the
proposed change as vital to keep the fund going. If the coal industry does not
develop the technology it needs to meet new regulations, it's possible the
industry would have to close up shop, meaning no more contributions for the
fund. Boeshans said he believes communities understand this.

Fund origination

While 30 percent of the coal industry tax revenues are allocated to the Coal
Development Trust Fund, which has a balance of $68.4 million for county and
school construction projects, an amendment industry plans to introduce to SB
2014, the Industrial Commission's appropriations bill, would drop that amount to
15 percent, the minimum required by state law.

The 15 percent drop had been proposed as part of SB2014's sister legislation,
SB2074, which was killed by lawmakers last week. Jason Bohrer, president of the
Lignite Energy Council, said the amendment process complicates things, making
industry more "nervous" about its omission but he's still optimistic.

"We spent the last year educating (lawmakers) about where we are and what our
challenges are," he said, adding he felt industry has done a good job letting
lawmakers know the future of coal production depends upon new technologies that
will meet federal carbon emissions standards.

The Lignite Energy Council is very aware it has launched its efforts for the
creation of a fund to finance larger clean coal projects at the same time the
state is facing a budget shortfall. So in the short term, it is hoped the
diverted tax money could go to the Lignite Research Fund, which Bohrer indicated
is sufficient for the next couple years.

The diversion would add about $1.5 million to the Lignite Research Fund for the
biennium, and the legislation creates a mandate that the money is targeted at
advanced energy technology.

While the funding is not enough for industry to build larger projects coming
down the pipe, such as a zero-carbon emissions technology called the Allam Cycle
and a carbon scrubber retrofit for current plants called Project Tundra, it does
allow it to complete the groundwork on those projects' viability.

"By waiting, our window for (the projects') success gets a lot smaller," said
Bohrer. "Let's do what we can now."

While coal's contribution to the state's economy isn't as large as oil, the
industry needs the funding to keep moving forward, according to Bohrer.

"In a year like this, coal is the reason we can afford to do anything at all
during this legislative session," he said.

Injection of cash

Boeshans said a minimal increase in funding is key to the next phase of research
and development in preparation for a pilot.

"We feel good about where we're at," Boeshans said. "Hopefully, we come out of
this session with the funding we need to continue moving projects down the
path."

Dale Niezwaag, Basin Electric Power Cooperative's senior legislative
representative, echoed that optimism. Because this proposed legislation involves
shuffling existing funds rather than asking for new money, he said the industry
has a better shot at successfully moving a pilot program forward.

The bill is being considered in the Senate Appropriations Committee.

Sen. Ron Sorvaag, R-Fargo, who sits on the committee, agrees funding clean coal
projects is a "big deal for the industry going into the future" and he sees it
as an investment. Sorvaag said a lot of work remains to be done on the budget,
and shifting the funds from the Coal Development Fund may not be the final
answer, but he expects the details to be worked out in the next few weeks.

Sen. Tim Mathern, D-Fargo, said he also expects the Legislature to find funding
for the industry, likely shifting the money from one fund to another rather than
awarding a new appropriation, because the industry has a lot of support from
lawmakers. And he said he was glad to hear industry shift from placing sole
blame for its financial troubles on regulations and accepting that competition
with natural gas and wind power is a factor.

"I'm in support of research," he said. "If we can do coal without pollutants,
hallelujah."

Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com

Where does the money go?

Until the oil boom, the Coal Development Trust Fund was not heavily used,
according to Jeff Engleson, the director of the North Dakota Department of Trust
Lands Investments.,"It was used, but it never got anywhere near capacity," he
said.,Today, $41 million of the $50 million allowed for school construction
projects has been loaned, with another $6.4 million committed to a project in
the Richardton-Taylor school district. For school projects, 2015 saw the largest
usage of the fund in the past five years, with six projects totaling about $22
million. There were three projects in 2012 and one in 2011. ,Another $13 million
was loaned to counties in coal country for projects, including courthouse and
jail projects in McLean and Mercer counties, a water project in Golden Valley
and an infrastructure project in Center. This leaves $7.9 million in cash in the
fund.,Under current funding levels, the fund grows by about $1 million annually,
according to Engleson, pointing out that would drop to $500,000 in annual growth
if contributions are lowered.,"Trust growth would slow," Engleson said.,Despite
the drop in contributions and increase in usage, counties and school districts
so far have not voiced any opposition to lawmakers in committee hearings.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                               February 11, 2008

The Week in Music: King of Pop Reigns Over Pop Buffet of Kylie, Ashlee, Estelle;
Oh, and British Sea Power

BYLINE: Jake Brooks

LENGTH: 484 words


</p><p>Let the Michael Jackson comeback begin. Today, with the release of the
25th anniversary edition of <i>Thriller</i>, Jackson and company launch the
first salvo in what has so far been an abortive effort to get the pop star's
career back on track. Good luck! According to <i>The Las Vegas
Review-Journal</i>'s <a href="http://www.lvrj.com/news/13832867.html">Norm
Clarke</a> (love the eye patch, by the way), Jackson had been holed up at the
Palms for the last couple of months of 2007 with his handlers trying to finagle
a six-figure deal for him to host a New Year's party. Alas, he's "too
radioactive." The new edition of the "world's biggest selling album of all time"
may begin to change all of that. It has a couple of new tracks with will.i.am,
Fergie, Akon and Kanye West contributing new versions of "The Girl Is Mine,"
"P.Y.T.," "Billie Jean," and "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'," using the old
recordings. Meanwhile, Jackson can rely on that old Las Vegas axiom and keep
himself out of trouble.</p><p></p><p>The "King of Pop" lords over a veritable
pop buffet today with new releases by Kylie Minogue, the most popular pop star
to not make it in the U.S., and a rhinoplastied Ashlee Simpson. Minogue's
<i>X</i> has been floating around the UK since November, and, so far, it's been
well-received. The BBC promises an "album packed with vitality" and "oodles of
fun." Oooh, fun. Who doesn't like fun? Her single, "Like a Drug," (below) sounds
like millenial Britney. (Isn't she about to turn 40? Didn't she survive cancer
for chrissakes?) Take a page from Madonna and move on.</p><p></p><p>Ashlee
Simpson's EP featuring "Outta My Mind," the requisite "celebrity life is just
<i>crazy</i>" track of her new album, arrives in stores today. Don't miss the
CGI-heavy video (below). It's a whole lot of fun, too, with reenactments from
<i>Gulliver's Travels</i> to Ashlee in therapy to Ashlee sitting on a gigantic
Rubik's Cube to Ashlee doing the robot (she can't). Either way, she's clearly
whipping it, and whipping it good. Thanks, Devo!</p><p></p><p>Imagine what day
this could have been, if Estelle, the burgeoning British hip-hop princess, had
released her forthcoming album, <i>Shine</i>, as her label as initially planned.
Unfortunately, the release date has been pushed back to May. But not one to
disappoint fans, she has leaked single, "American Boy," featuring-who
else?-Kanye West. This year's "Umbrella"? It's catchy enough, but perhaps too
clubby.</p><p></p><p>Even the indie bands are feeling a bit friskier today. The
latest from British Sea Power-yes, they're from England-is entitled "Do You Like
Rock Music?" If it sounds anything like the opening track, "All in It," then the
answer is a resounding "Yes." They're borrowing mightily from The Arcade Fire's
bag of tricks, introducing choral singers and harmoniums to the mix. But they've
got plenty else up their sleeves.</p><p>

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 15, 2007 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Racial makeup of Hazelwood board spurred scrutiny Few blacks have been elected,
but subdistricts could make disparities worse, some say.

BYLINE: By Adam Sichko Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 443 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON -


In Hazelwood, it hasn't been hard to find black candidates to run for a School
Board seat recently. The challenge has been getting them elected.

Natalie James won a seat in the April 1994 election but stepped down three
months later when she moved to Naperville, Ill. It took nine more elections for
a black candidate, Desiree Whitlock, to be elected to represent one of the St.
Louis area's largest districts, in which 65 percent of the students are black.

Former Justice Department officials who worked on a potential voting-rights
lawsuit against the school district said Whitlock's victory wasn't conclusive;
four of the five candidates competing for two spots were black, so at least one
minority was guaranteed a seat.

Whitlock, re-elected in 2006, is the board's vice president and remains its lone
minority. In an interview, she said she wasn't aware of the Justice Department
lawsuit that was in the works. She deferred comment to board president Mark
Behlmann.

"I couldn't even dream of what kind of problem there is," Behlmann said. "You
really couldn't finagle it any better than what the board is made up of. It's
not a black-white issue when it comes to elections here - it's who's got the
most credibility."

Behlmann added that the Justice Department had called him before about the
district, but not about elections. The most recent call came in 2002 in an
investigation into whether the district's hiring practices were racially biased.

"The allegation was made; they had to follow up on it," Behlmann said. "We were
free and clear. We didn't do anything wrong."

For the past several years, the St. Louis Metropolitan Clergy Coalition, a
mostly black group of pastors, has publicly advocated for more minority
representation on the School Board.

"Hazelwood still has dire racial concerns. There is a need for more complexity
on the board," said the Rev. Sammie Jones, pastor at Mount Zion Baptist Church
and past president of the coalition.

Both Jones and Behlmann said that exchanging the at-large election format for a
subdistrict arrangement isn't the answer - and that doing so might only fuel
racial disparities.

"If you start carving out smaller districts that are more or less given to
African-Americans or other ethnic groups, what happens is you start to lessen
competitiveness," Jones said.

"When you do that, you create problems that will mushroom."

Jones added that the board had been attempting to address the issue, and he
predicted that the April 2008 elections would start a new trend of stronger,
more proportional minority representation on the School Board.

"The voting population is going to come out strong to see a change," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        May 12, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

EARTH TO COATES: GET DOWN AND DIRTY AND SAVE ME

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 1065 words




THE EVIL eye.

That's what Kim Coates has.

Okay, maybe not exactly evil. More like the mean eye.

And because he has those piercing peepers, Coates is more often than not cast as
villains in features like Waterworld, The Last Boy Scout, The Client and Palais
Royale.

And in stage productions like Dracula.

This time out, as he delighted in telling me, he is playing the good guy.

''I really don't want to disappoint you," he chuckled.

You could almost visualize him thumbing his nose over the phone from Pasadena,
where he lives with his wife and two kids, ages 10 and 6.

His good-guy turn takes place in John Travolta's vanity production Battlefield
Earth, opening today.

Travolta is an 8-foot-tall, evil alien named Terl. He is a Psychlo, a foul-
tempered, bushy-eyebrowed security chief looking to finagle his way off a
ravaged Earth.

To this untrained eye, Travolta looks like a Rasta Klingon.

Coates plays Carlo, buddy with chief good guy Barry Pepper, who, in case you
didn't get the message, plays a character named Jonnie Goodboy Tyler. Carlo and
Jonnie lead the humans in resistance against Terl and the other Psychlos.

In the last decade, Coates has appeared in more than 20 films and 30 TV
productions. He was taking a breather from making films back to back.

He had just wrapped the indie film Auggie Rose with Jeff Goldblum and Anne
Heche, in which he gets to die horribly.

Battlefield Earth was shot in Montreal last year over a three-month period.

''I've lived in Los Angeles for five years now," he said, savouring the irony.
''When I was in Toronto, I worked in America. Now I work in Canada all the
time."

And will probably continue to do so.

''The loonie is not going up in a rapid clip and the crews in Canada are great."

With all that work in Montreal, Coates should be fluent in French.

''I'm a Saskatchewan guy," he demurred, ''why didn't they force us to speak
French? Every time I go to Montreal, I want to get a tutor."

He certainly didn't have time for schoolin' while shooting the blockbuster
Battlefield.

''It is set in the year 3000," Coates explained, ''Travolta struts through it in
high-heeled boots that made him walk on the points of his toes. Barry and I, who
were the two lead humans, spent four hours in makeup but the hardest thing was
staying dirty for three months.

''We also had hair extensions that took nine hours each to do."

The Psychlos invade Earth and destroy it within six months. Coates describes it
as Planet Of The Apes meets Star Wars.

''My character was a follower, which is kind of fun," he elaborated, ''because I
play a lot of leaders. But it was more physically demanding than Waterworld,
where I played this zany, crazy homeless person with an Irish accent. We filmed
in the mountains, in Mount Ste. Anne and almost got snow at the beginning of
July. Barry and I are climbing mountains to escape the monsters and this
incredible hailstorm happened."

Which, of course, they assimilated into the filming.

Coates was high on Travolta.

''John's a great guy: giving, charming and sweet. He flew 18 of us in his plane
from L.A. to Montreal to start rehearsal. We had dinner and got to know each
other."

And you can bet they had pie in the sky. Travolta has a sweet tooth and a
gourmet chef.

''At midnight, he comes up to us and asks, 'Do you mind if I land this plane?'
The landing was so smooth. What's up with that landing? He treated the plane
like it was a little baby to him."

But Coates has no ambition to pilot a plane himself.

''John's got the aviation department, I'll take the motorcycle division. Gimme a
couple of Harleys any day."

Coates has almost become an honorary Baldwin. Or, as Daniel Baldwin, who
directed him in The Tunnel put it to him, he's involved in a ''trifecta of
Baldwins, baby."

He filmed Exchange in Montreal with Stephen Baldwin, which he likens to Face/Off
meets Matrix.

''It is futurist but a character-driven piece. I start off as anal retentive,
quirky and with no girlfriend. It is the year 2012 and you can exchange bodies
with another but only for the day. My character is talked into it and my body is
swapped with that of the world's most wanted terrorist. He's a sadistic guy.
It's such a great acting piece because he thrusts a smoker in a non-smoker's
body so it's cough, cough. But I get the girl."

In The Tunnel, he's back to being bad.

''There is a diamond heist in the beginning and I'm a really, really bad guy -
just like you like me to be. Daniel Baldwin is a rent-a-cop, a diamond security
guy in relentless pursuit of me. It was guerrilla warfare for Daniel - he's
going to be a great director."

In the film Pearl Harbour, Coates will be co-starring with a cast of thousands
including Baldwin bro Alec, Ben Affleck, Cuba Gooding Jr., Tom Sizemore . . .
''It's huge," he marvelled, ''there are 75 speaking parts and a budget of $150
million. My stuff will be finished in September.

''It is a small, juicy supporting role - I only have 10 minutes of screen time.
I play Jack Richards, an aviation expert with a bit of a chip on his shoulder.
I'm a man in uniform.

''It's all based on fact and memoirs and my scenes are with Baldwin and Affleck.
They call me because China wouldn't allow the U.S. to bomb Japan from the
mainland. The aircraft carrier had to go across the Pacific and Jack was
responsible for stripping the plane of everything from pictures of girlfriends
to ripping out the seats to make the plane light enough to take off."

Yes, sir. Kim Coates has had a good year.

It wasn't any $20 million Jim Carrey payday but he and his family were going to
the Battlefield's Hollywoody, glitzy premiere at Mann's Chinese Theatre.

And even though it's the klieg lights and limo scene, he won't be wearing a tux.
He will, however, make a concession to his usual T-shirt and jeans and spruce
up.

''The next day, we will pile into a plane with Travolta and fly to Vegas."

Meanwhile, Coates has one of his own projects pending.

''I'm co-producing and starring in a film called Ice Cream Bandit. It was
written for me by Robert Sedlack, a Canadian who lives in L.A.

''It's based on a true story about three cops and set in Vancouver from 1958
through '64."

But he wouldn't say whether he'd be playing good cop or bad cop.


LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: HE WAS HAVING A BAD HAIR THREE MONTHS:
 In Battlefield Earth, expat Canadian Kim Coates gets to play hero for a change.

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          September 22, 1998, Tuesday

'SWANEE' TURNS THE TIDE

BYLINE: CHIP DEFFAA

SECTION: Entertainment; Pg. 085

LENGTH: 624 words


GEORGE Gershwin, whose centennial is being celebrated by so many performers, had
not only the talent needed to get ahead, he had the moxie.

In 1919, when he was one of countless unknown songwriters trying to get a
toehold on Broadway, he sought to bring his work to the attention of Al Jolson.

Of course, every writer wanted his songs sung by Jolson, then widely
acknowledged as the greatest entertainer in the world. But more songs were
offered to Jolson than he had time to look at.

Gershwin managed to finagle an invitation to an after-hours party Jolson was
hosting at the Harlem brothel of one Bessie Bloodgood. There Gershwin played his
latest composition, "Swanee."

Jolson - whose power was such he could interpolate any song at any time into his
Broadway shows - was so taken with the commanding verve of "Swanee" that he
began singing that number in his hit musical "Sinbad" at the Winter Garden.

Sigmund Romberg's graceful European operetta-style score for "Sinbad" harked
back to the past; "Swanee" pointed to the coming Jazz Age. Jolson recorded it,
making it an international smash.

Vernon Duke, who would go on to compose such standards as "April in Paris" and
"Autumn in New York," was in Constantinople when he first heard "Swanee." He
wrote: "The bold sweep of the tune, its rhythmic freshness, and especially its
syncopated gait ... sent me into ecstasies."

The song - the biggest hit he would have in his lifetime - launched Gershwin. It
led to him getting commissions to write musical comedies (including "Oh, Kay,"
1926; "Funny Face," 1927; and "Strike Up the Band," 1930 and the Pulitzer
Prize-winning "Of Thee I Sing," 1931) that brought new life to Broadway.

In reviewing Gershwin's "Girl Crazy" (1930), which introduced such standards as
"I Got Rhythm" and "Embraceable You," Richard Dana Skinner noted in Commonweal
magazine:

"There is a sustained and almost ecstatic vitality in the score of which only he
seems capable. He is the summation of the Jazz Age."

But Gershwin was much more than that. For in the mere 18 years that elapsed
between Jolson's singing of "Swanee" for the first time and his singing it at
the all-star memorial concert for Gershwin (who succumbed to a brain tumor at
age 38) in 1937, he wrote not just masterly Broadway scores, but film scores
("Shall We Dance," "Damsel in Distress," "Goldwyn Follies"), classical music
("Rhapsody in Blue," "Concerto in F," "An American in Paris," etc.), and what
has become the most highly regarded American opera, "Porgy and Bess."

No composer of Broadway tunes had ever before shown such sophistication or such
broad-reaching ambition and ability.

When one interviewer asked Duke Ellington, just after "Porgy and Bess" opened,
if he too harbored ambitions to try writing symphonies or operas, he said no.

But in time - no doubt emboldened by Gershwin's example - Ellington would try
both. Gershwin set an example to follow, too, for Leonard Bernstein, who would
also bridge the worlds of Broadway and classical music.

Most of George Gershwin's greatest successes, after his earliest songwriting
years, were written in collaboration with his brother Ira (1896-1983), whose
painstaking, methodical ways of slowly crafting lyrics were in marked contrast
to his brother's rapid compositional techniques.

Ira did not officially retire until 1960, but his productivity as a lyricist
declined greatly following George's death.

The quality of his work remained high, as such post-George songs as the haunting
"Long Ago and Far Away" (with composer Jerome Kern) and "The Man That Got Away"
(with Harold Arlen) proved. But he had no desire to form a permanent partnership
with another composer to take his brother's place.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 13, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

The Petal Pushers; For Sidewalk Vendors, Life Is No Bed of Roses

Dana Hull, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1899 words


It's 6:30 in the morning and it's raining. Not a hard rain, but enough of a drab
and windy drizzle that it's tough to get out of bed. At "the strip," the row of
wholesale florists that occupy the Washington Flower Center on Eckington Place
NE, the workday has been underway since 5. Tucked behind the Federal Express
building a block from the traffic of New York Avenue, the strip is the place to
be in these early hours. Nearly 80 employees and customers scramble about --
it's spring in the District, and there are flowers to be bought and sold.

Cesar and Rubia Alvarez arrive in their beat-up white van. The husband-and-wife
team is running late today; they had to fix a flat tire before leaving the
house. They are vendors, part of a growing population of entrepreneurs willing
to hawk flowers on the city's streets for a living. He is Peruvian, she is from
El Salvador.

The wholesale houses are lined up inside the huge warehouse: Kester's, McCallum
Sauber, the Washington Florists Exchange, Paul's. Each is known for its
specialties and quirky personality.

At McCallum Sauber, owner Frank Abdow is berating one of his drivers for wasting
gas. The floor is littered with broken stems and smashed petals, packing
material and cardboard boxes. Cesar Alvarez says good morning to everyone and
heads straight back to the refrigerated section. He knows what he wants. Tulips.
Mums. Carnations. And especially freesia.

"You want the 40-pack of purple daisies?" asks Abdow. Alvarez shakes his head;
they're not worth it. It's damp and freezing. He grabs an empty dolly and starts
stacking up bunches. Tulips. Marguerites. Irises. The freesia are too expensive.

Rubia Alvarez waits in the van and finishes her coffee. She is still rubbing the
sleep out of her eyes. It is mostly men in the wholesale business, and she'd
rather have her husband finagle the bargains.

At Kester's next door, the phones ring constantly as Ge Kester barks over the
intercom in a harried Dutch accent: "Sharon, stay out of those boxes!" Everyone
is talking flower talk. "Who's packing the JLB order?" "Fred from Holland is on
Line 3." And "I saw the gardenias, they're right back there." A lanky kid in a
baseball cap and flannel shirt is hanging out in the fridge telling Cesar
Alvarez that freesia are $ 6.95 a packet. Too much. He buys lilies instead.

By 7 the flowers have been paid for in cash and loaded into the van. The morning
has suddenly shifted to a lighter shade of gray. Cesar hops into the driver's
seat and answers his wife's inquisitive look with a sigh.

"No freesia. But maybe later today."

Setting Up

The creaky van with its cracked seats is crammed full of white plastic buckets
that slosh water and explode with color, the indigo-blues of irises and sharp
yellows of tulips. Spider mums and boxes of white paper share space with
half-empty coffee mugs. The dashboard is crowded with empty vases and old
napkins, scissors and mounds of fading wholesale receipts.

Bouncing along on New York Avenue, the Alvarezes talk quietly in Spanish. About
the weather: It has stopped raining. About the morning's purchases: They spent $
300.

They have two young sons, and a 6-month-old daughter. "My little nina, she is
like her name, I call her Amaryllis," says Rubia, her brown eyes bright. "It is
because I like lilies the best. We always buy our lilies from Paul's." When her
customers learned she was pregnant, they gave her presents and some money.

The Alvarezes have their system down. Their spot is at the corner of 17th and I
NW, at the entrance of the Farragut West Metro stop. It has been their spot for
three years. They leave their red wooden stand chained to a newspaper box
overnight. In five minutes the stand is open for business: A worn red vinyl
cover is thrown over a metal frame for shade, the buckets of flowers are
arranged and rearranged. At 7:30 the clack of high heels on concrete signals the
morning rush hour.

The District's Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs doesn't distinguish
among T-shirt or sunglasses or flower vendors, so there's no way of knowing how
many of the 1,000-some "non-food" licenses it issues annually are for flower
stands. But just walk around downtown and there seems to be one on every corner.
"The vending community has really grown," says one vendor who didn't want any
publicity. "We're not on welfare, we're subsisting on our own efforts." Whether
they're independent, working for someone else, college kids making extra bucks
on busy days, Moonies or Hare Krishnas, their numbers keep prices on the street
cheap.

Which is one of the reasons florists hate them. "They're selling the rejects,
the seconds, and they're a nuisance," fumes Ron Berberian of Palace Florists.
"Shopkeepers pay rent, we pay taxes, we support the city, and the vendors will
just come out and sit right in front of your store, outside in the heat, while a
florist keeps them refrigerated and fresh. I just hate seeing vendors, I don't
care if they're selling flowers or clothes."

The Alvarezes take turns eating breakfast at Roy Rogers. The sun has begun to
peek between the clouds, and the heat has started to rise.

Rubia looks at her watch. "It is time to make the bunches," she says. She deftly
picks single stems, by height and color, and makes $ 5 bouquets in a matter of
seconds. First the tiger lily. Then the spider mum. Then something purple, then
something yellow. Carnations. Marguerites. An iris. Liatris. Then greens. She is
thinking about Secretaries Week, about Mother's Day. On holidays, they vend in
the suburbs.

"Bethesda is very good on the holidays," she says with a knowing smile. "It's
hard, though. You have to get there very early, or someone may steal your spot.
On Easter we left the house at 3 o'clock in the morning."

Customers stop by. Rubia is quick and attentive, and her prices never budge.
With measured patience she answers the same questions over and over, the price,
the kind, yes she can hold them until after lunch. A regular asks Cesar if
they'll be getting better gladioluses, and he promises that he'll have them by
5. Familiar office workers cruise past and comment: "Looking good!"

Secrets

Cesar Alvarez needs to go on a mid-morning run. They accidentally left a bucket
of roses at home in the garage, roses that won't be as good by Monday; they
can't be wasted. He picks up the roses, tickles Amaryllis, chats with Rubia's
mother. They live in the basement of a house they share with Rubia's sister and
her family in Prince George's County. It is a tidy home with beans on the stove,
children's toys and a Jesus clock, and it is full of flowers.

On Bladensburg Road, he drives past a setup where someone is selling $ 1
bunches, bedraggled roses approaching death. He's amused and disgusted: "Trash,"
he sniffs.

He is still on a quest for freesia, and that woman wants fresh gladioluses. Not
the ones three or four days old with the petals open and billowing like clean
sheets in the wind, but fresh gladioluses, long spears of green with only hints
of red or violet showing.

In Hyattsville he stops at Seick's, another wholesale place. It's a routine
drill, rooting around refrigerated rooms for the best stuff and dickering with
the salespeople for deals. Here gladioluses are $ 3.85 a packet. He's psyched;
this morning, at McCallum Sauber's, they were $ 4.50. It was wise to wait; on
Fridays, prices drop as wholesalers try to move the last of their stock.

Wholesale flower sellers are stuck in the middle of the shop-sidewalk feud.
"There's a deep resentment in the flower business between flower shops and
street vendors," says one wholesaler, who asked that his name not be used. "I
gotta tell you, if there's a wholesaler out there that says they don't sell to
vendors, they're lying."

Despite their differences, the community shares a wariness of outsiders. Most
wholesalers won't talk on the record, for fear of losing clients. There are
grumbles that vendors don't declare all of their earnings. There are rumors of
vendors paying up to $ 200 a week for the use of a spot cultivated by someone
else. Says a young man in front of a downtown restaurant: "My boss is the main
guy. He runs tables all over the whole city. . . . I wouldn't try to find out
who he is if I were you."

The Last Sale

By the time Cesar Alvarez gets back downtown it's lunchtime, and Rubia is doing
a brisk business. She's thrilled to see more gladioluses and, finally, the
freesia. They've got bunches on hold until after work, and the daisies are
rapidly disappearing. So are most of the tulips. The sun is shining full force;
a drunk is arrested in the park, and the police come by and ticket the
Alvarezes' van, which is illegally parked. Rubia shakes her head and gives Cesar
a scornful look. Too many tickets lately.

The police roll by a little later, and Rubia peers out between her flowers,
fearful that it may be the vending cops. "It's illegal to have buckets on the
ground -- they say it's storage on public space. They've gotten me before for
that." She scowls. She doesn't like the cops one bit.

Although the cash swiftly changes hands, the Alvarezes don't keep much of it.
They have no health insurance, and they just had the baby. After the cost of
buying their flowers, many of which get old before they can sell them, and the
vending license, which is $ 106 a year plus $ 1,500 in sales tax, they estimate
that they net $ 60 a day.

"This is no easy job," Rubia insists. "I am tired every day, and look at my
hands." They are dry and cracked, covered with small cuts and stained a
permanent shade of green.

But she likes the independence. After vending for someone else for two years,
she finally secured her own stand last spring. She dreams of opening her own
shop one day.

The rest of the afternoon is just as busy, and they are happy that the week is
coming to a close. People rushing to the Metro and the myth of the Great
American Weekend pause long enough to fork over $ 5 bills. Cesar and Rubia are
forever patient, pleasant. By 7:15 the happy-hour crowd has begun to straggle
home. Rubia's black baseball cap is powdered with the bright orange dust of
tiger lilies; half of the buckets are empty, and the carnations are gone. Today
has been a good day. Only two people who said they'd come back for their bunches
haven't shown.

The Alvarezes can begin to think about their weekend. Cesar will sell used cars,
his side business. Rubia will clean the house and take their sons for haircuts.
Sunday morning they will go to church, as always.

It's finally time to call it a day at 8 p.m. Water is emptied down a grate on
the street. The red awning comes down off its frame, 12 hours after it was put
up. Flowers declared trash, broken stems and bruised petals are swept up and
taken to a garbage can. When everything is just about put away, a man in a gray
suit, his eyes glazed and his laugh hearty, becomes the last customer of the
week.

"I'm looking for a last-minute deal. What've you got?"

Rubia is allergic to pollen, and her eyes are swollen. She is rubbing them with
the back of her wrist. Cesar smiles. There will be no deal for this guy.

"Everything is $ 5. You like this one?"

"Five dollars! I know you all are crooks."

But Cesar has already wrapped the bouquet in paper, and the man dutifully gets
out his wallet.


LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, carol guzy, Cesar Alvarez sells flowers to Ann Tong at the
downtown stand he's had for three years. Alvarez and his wife, Rubia, may clear
$60 after a 12-hour day. "This is no easy job," Rubia insists. "I am tired every
day, and look at my hands." Cesar and Rubia Alvarez wrap up $5 bouquets at their
flower stand at the Farragut West Metro station. Street vendors, even licensed
ones like the Alvarezes, irritate store owners because their low overhead lets
them charge less.  "It's illegal to have buckets on the ground -- they say it's
storage on public space.  They've gotten me before for that, " says Rubia
Alvarez.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

Eau Claire school board wants room work at North High done sooner

BYLINE: McLean Bennett, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Feb. 21--Eau Claire school board members Monday urged district officials to make
renovating special education classrooms inside North High School a priority this
summer.

That could send Charlie Kramer, the district's buildings and grounds director,
back to the drawing board.

In December, Kramer proposed completing the $515,000 project this summer. The
work would involve renovating and switching the locations of guidance
counselors' offices and special education classrooms inside the high school.

Several board members protested Monday when they reviewed an updated list of
summer construction projects that no longer included the renovations at North.

"I went to visit at North High and saw the situation in the special education
room, and I think it's very bad," board member Kathryn Duax said Monday, noting
she believed the project should be a high priority for the district.

Kramer said he could finagle his budget to incorporate at least some of the
$515,000 it would take to complete portions of that project this summer. He'd
have to finish the rest of the work later, possibly in another year.

Tentative plans now call for moving special education classrooms at North High
School this summer into current office space elsewhere in the building. Students
would begin using the renovated classrooms by next fall.

Guidance counselors who currently work in that area would move their offices
into the former special education classrooms. But little renovation of those
classrooms would take place over the summer, meaning counselors would be
temporarily working in makeshift offices.

"That would be our goal, to get at least half of (the project) done this
summer," Kramer said after Monday's board meeting.

Doing all of that likely would require the district to delay, among other
projects, a roughly $190,000 plan to repave a portion of the parking lot at
Memorial High School. Kramer had expected to complete the repaving project this
summer.

But Duax said the North project is more important than repaving Memorial's
parking lot.

"I would rather take care of the children first," Duax said, noting that's more
important than fixing "a few potholes" in a parking lot.

The decision to move forward with work at North won't affect plans for a
projected $1.3 million overhaul of South Middle School's broken air conditioning
system, Kramer said Monday.

Plans currently call for spending $500,000 next year, and an estimated $800,000
over the following two years, to upgrade the middle school's air conditioning
system. Kramer said the system has long been inadequate and broke down this
fall. Rather than making small repairs to fix the air conditioning, Kramer
instead urged board members to approve a major overhaul.

Bennett can be reached at 715-830-5832, 800-236-7077 or mclean.bennett@ecpc.com

___ (c)2012 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120221-EW-Eau-Claire-school-board-wants-room-work-at-North-High-done-sooner-02
21-20120221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2012 The Leader-Telegram


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 29, 2009 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

SCOTT AND CARVER COUNTIES;
Boards plug away at securing railway spur over river for bike trail

BYLINE: DAVID PETERSON, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 541 words


Scott and Carver counties are trying to finagle a deal to acquire an important
and exceptionally scenic link in the metro area's system of bike trails for
"virtually nothing."

But officials are warning that the price of failure could be to lose it
altogether.

Members of both county boards sat down this week -- one of them behind closed
doors -- to review the status of negotiations with the Union Pacific railway
over a 6-mile stretch of abandoned track that both crosses and parallels the
Minnesota River between Shakopee and Chaska.

A number of trail-loving planners see the corridor as eventually becoming part
of a giant river loop that would have at its other end a renovated bike trail
across the old Cedar Avenue bridge between Bloomington and Dakota County.

With the prospect of aid from various outside sources, including revenue from
its use as a corridor for a major sewer pipe, the cost to the locals around it
"could be virtually nothing," interim administrator Gary Shelton told the Scott
County board.

But if negotiations fail, the land could revert to nearby landowners, making it
much more difficult to ever reassemble for eventual use for commuter rail or as
a busway.

And Union Pacific is "getting anxious to move forward" on a process that has
been grinding along for years, the county's parks and trails manager, Mark
Themig, warned.

The abandoned corridor stretches from roughly the Renaissance Festival site in
Scott County through the city of Carver and into Chaska. The railway succeeded
in getting federal permission to abandon it after a 2007 derailment and bridge
collapse created more costs than it was yielding in profits. By the end it was
serving just one customer.

An initial attempt to get the railway to simply donate the land has failed,
board members learned. On the contrary, Union Pacific placed its value at $3
million.

Public officials countered with a Metropolitan Council appraisal of $1.4
million, and the railway has come down to $1.7 million, Themig said.

Both county boards have given their staffs permission to present a new offer,
Themig said Thursday.

One important problem that needs working out is the million-dollar cost of
removing a decrepit bridge. The public agencies maintain that removal is solely
the responsibility of the railway as part of its abandonment of the little spur
line. The counties are asking the railroad to take a number of other steps, as
well, to erase its presence from the area.

The counties are hoping short-term costs can be held to a minimum by placing as
a condition on the sale the admission of the spur line into the formal regional
trails plan and the promise of Met Council assistance in acquiring it.

But they are stressing that there's a huge price tag down the line -- more than
$3 million -- to make the corridor usable by the public. The track crosses the
river more than once, and that creates eye-popping costs.

As Scott commissioner Jerry Hennen said, reviewing the list of those costs, "Two
million dollars? For a 10-foot-wide bridge?"

Although much of that cost, too, could be covered by grants, the difficulty in
finding that kind of money means it could be a long time before it's used.

"It could be decades," Themig said. "At least."

David Peterson - 952-882-9023

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SOUTH, WEST ONLY

GRAPHIC: MAP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 03, 1999, Thursday, O South Pinellas Edition

Antley and Charismatic gain ground on history

BYLINE: BRANT JAMES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1021 words



Chris Antley loves a good comeback. Maybe because he's living one.

But he's not alone.

With a run at a Triple Crown stoking national interest in horse racing into June
for the third straight year, the industry may be enjoying the same redemption as
its new marquee jockey.

If Antley and his resurrected career can finagle Charismatic and his rewritten
place in equine history across the finish line first out of the No. 4 post in
the Belmont Stakes on Saturday, it will be the 12th Triple Crown but the first
in 21 years. A win would earn owners Bob and Beverly Lewis a bonus of more than
$ 5-million.

Antley sees it as his way to give back to a sport that has defined his life and
saved it from the depths in which he wallowed as recently as six months ago.

"If I win a Triple Crown, it'll put a cherry on top of it all, but a win won't
be so much for me," he said. "Think about the story. That's a story that could
unite so many people who are out of racing. It's a story everybody can share."

The National Thoroughbred Racing Association certainly hopes so. Created in
1998, it has assumed a role as horse racing's prime promoter and facilitator and
has elevated the sport back into a national consciousness with its prominent "Go
Baby, Go" advertisements. The group has spent millions on such advertising,
commissioner Tim Smith said, but three successful Triple Crown runs have been
priceless.

"There are a few times a year - and this is one of them - when the sport
transcends its fan base and reaches everyone," Smith said. "The chance for a
special accomplishment is a major part of that. Where something major is on the
line, you can really expect a lot of interest."

Smith said this year's Kentucky Derby earned a 6.3 television share, and he is
projecting a 5.9-6.0 for the Belmont.

"That's a pretty impressive number," he said. "When I was with the PGA (as chief
executive officer) we were very happy with a 3 on a Saturday."

 A Charismatic victory would be a boon for racing long after the Belmont, Smith
said. The Lewises already have granted merchandise-licensing rights to the NTRA,
and congratulatory television advertisements are being developed.

"If Charismatic were to win and stayed as active as he has been," Smith said,
"it would mean tremendous star value in our markets thereafter."

Trainer Bob Baffert nearly won Triple Crowns in 1997 (Silver Charm) and 1998
(Real Quiet) but was dashed in the Belmont.

Those bids generated plenty of excitement, but neither of Baffert's bids was
this compelling.

Less than six months ago, Antley was anything but ready for a ride into history.
Racked by self-esteem problems and 34 pounds overweight, Antley left the sport.
He felt unworthy and undeserving, despite riding more than 3,000 winners
(including Strike the Gold in the 1991 Kentucky Derby) by age 33.

When he began a comeback this winter, the obsessive personality that drew him to
marijuana and cocaine fueled 25-mile runs and crash diets. He ran through a
serious knee injury, used weight-loss pills and sweated off pounds in a
130-degree hot box.

Antley returned to Santa Anita in February, where he was approached by another
soul seeking a comeback, legendary trainer D. Wayne Lukas.

The Hall of Fame trainer had won two of three Triple Crown races in 1996 with
Grindstone (Kentucky Derby) and Editor's Note (Belmont), but had been winless in
Triple Crown races since. Lukas enlisted Antley to ride his long shot in the
upcoming Derby season, another castaway named Charismatic.

The descendant of 1973 Triple Crown winner Secretariat had run twice as a $
62,500 claimer, in November at Hollywood Park and in February at Santa Anita,
meaning any licensed trainer could have plucked future millions for a relative
pittance.

Charismatic had failed at almost every turn for the Lewises, finishing last in a
mile turf race in October and last at Santa Anita under jockey Laffit Pincay.

"If I recall, I talked to Wayne, and he said at least the horse had proved one
thing: It didn't like grass," Bob Lewis said. "So we decided to stay out of
there."

Out of options and weary of paying to maintain a horse that was yielding little
hope, Lewis instructed Lukas to begin entering the horse in claimers, hoping to
possibly recoup some of his expenses.

"Wayne came to me and said, "There's an element of risk in this. But he needs to
be out front to get his confidence,' " Lewis said. "Look, if I had picked him up
for $ 62,500, I'd be overjoyed right now. We paid $ 200,000 to buy him as a
weanling. If somebody had claimed him, we'd be getting back one-third of our
investment.

"But if you look at the history of the horse, there was not a lot of fear about
us losing him at 62,500."

The rest, of course, has been history in the making. Charismatic held off
Menifee in the Derby and Preakness, surprising critics and oddsmakers.

"It's funny," Antley said. "In the Derby, I was given no shot. In the Preakness,
I definitely had no shot. He won again. Now everyone says we're a cinch to win
it. We're not, but with confidence and the unification of a horse and myself, we
can do anything."

 Baffert, his bid for history ruined on Long Island the past two years, now has
a chance to play spoiler. His filly, Silverbulletday, will start in the third
position, right next to Charismatic, the 2-1 morning-line favorite.

"The Derby and the Preakness you run for yourself," he said. "The Triple Crown
you run for the fans, and, if you get beat, you feel like you let them down.

"If I'm in there I still root for the Triple Crown. I may say, "Yeah, I got my
a-- kicked, but I was there.' "

Antley said crossing the finish line first at the Preakness left him feeling
like "a kid who had been out running around and his mother had grabbed him and
suddenly he felt safe."

Safe and sound aboard his new partner, he wants that feeling one more time.

"When I first met (Charismatic), I heard he was nervous and washed out. And now
we've both matured in so many ways.

"I compare myself to him. He was a claimer and I was turned out to pasture.
We're one and the same."


LOAD-DATE: June 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press;
Chris Antley; Charismatic gets a bath from groom Caesar Arredondo.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Hays Free Press (Buda, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 22, 2010

Fishy water bill;
Monarch utility customers overcharged?

BYLINE: BY KAY RICHTER

LENGTH: 356  words


Kyle officials are asking a state agency to review Monarch Utilities'
authorization to provide public water service after residents of eastside
neighborhoods complained of a peculiar billing problem.

Monarch customers in the Amberwood and Indian Paintbrush subdivisions opened
their bills at the beginning of the month to find they were listed as residents
of Uhland instead of Kyle. The distinction is important because Monarch
customers in Kyle pay substantially less than Monarch customers outside the city
limits.

"My first thought was that they were trying to finagle their way out of having
Kyle" in their service area, said Kay Rush, an Amberwood resident who said
Monarch customer service representatives initially refused to. change her
billing address to Kyle.

A spokesperson for Southwest Water Co., which recently acquired Monarch, did not
respond by presstime to the Hays Free Press' written questions.

The city and the utility have had an adversarial relationship in recent years
dating to Kyle's objection to Monarch's proposed 40 percent rate hike in 2008.
Through a mediation process, the rate increase was kept at 28 percent for
residents of Kyle; residents outside of Kyle saw the entire 40 percent increase.

In response to Rush's and other residents' complaints, the Kyle City Council
drafted a letter to the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality that said,
"Many of the residents in these subdivision believe that this current billing
'error' is suspect given its timing. The city of Kyle will not tolerate any
attempt to deprive us of the right to defend our residents against aproposed
rate hike."

The letter asksTCEQ commissioners to reconsider Monarch's certificate of public
convenience and necessity, its authorization from the state to provide public
utility services.

"We ... have become increasingly aware that the poor service and low water
quality provided by Monarch, along with the exceedingly high rates charged to
their customers, may warrant review," a draft of the letter states.

The average Monarch customer pays $4.86 per 1,000 gallons of water compared to
$2.60 charged by the city's own water utility.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HFP

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 Hays Free Press


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Inside Bay Area

                               May 5, 2006 Friday

East Bay rapper E-40 crowned the king of hip-hop

BYLINE: By Jim Harrington, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BAY AREA LIVING

LENGTH: 664 words


IT wasn't so much a concert as it was a coronation.

Radio station Wild 94.9 FM's Bomb 21 crowned E-40 as the new king of hip-hop. It
also served as a proclamation that Northern California's hyphy movement is
currently the hottest sound in the business.

Other hip-hop artists, notably T.I. and Ne-Yo, are selling more records than
E-40. Judging by the Bomb that dropped on Wednesday night at the HP Pavilion in
San Jose, however, there's simply no platter that matters more than 40's "My
Ghetto Report card."

The East Bay rapper's CD is the blueprint for hip-hop in 2006, much like ones
from Dr. Dre, Jay-Z and OutKast were in years past. It's the disc that has set
the sound, the lingo and the pace. It's helped revive the entire hip-hop scene
in the "Yay Area" and tilted the genre's focus back toward the West Coast.

The Bomb featured numerous artists from all around the nation, including
Ohio-native Bow Wow, Arkansas-native Ne-Yo and Southern-rappers Dem Franchize
Boyz. Almost all of the players referenced hyphy, either verbally or with their
beats, which goes to show how much influence the movement's leader, E-40, has
these days.

As the hyphy movement gains momentum, Wild 94.9 gains even more clout. That's
why the station was able to finagle so many big artists to appear during the
latest edition of its Bomb series.

One of the early highlights of the show was the set by Bubba Sparxxx, the
Georgia-born rapper whose recently released "The Charm" CD has cracked the
Billboard Top 10. The 29-year-old star, who first made his mark with 2001's
"Dark Days, Bright Nights," had the exuberant crowd jumping during a short set
that featured the singles "Ugly" and "Heat It Up." Sparxxx will return to the
Bay for a co-headlining show with Juvenile at the Fillmore on Tuesday.

Bow Wow, who is still Lil Bow Wow in this critic's book, kept the party pumping
with a short set of crowd favorites. The 19-year-old rapper also might have set
a record for number of times he touched his own crotch during his set and he
tried the hardest of any performer to plug into the hyphy craze.

"We about to go so hyphy," Bow Wow said. "We about to go so dumb. We about to go
so stupid."

Bow Wow gets points taken off for utilizing that tired hip-hop cliche of
dividing the crowd in half and having the two sides compete to see which is
louder. That act is about as novel as hearing someone shout "Freebird" at a rock
concert.

Dem Franchize Boyz cranked up the intensity as they took the stage and performed
the party anthems "Ridin' Rims," "Lean Wit It, Rock Wit It" and "White Tee."
They also posed the query as to which side of the arena was the loudest. Wait a
second -- didn't Bow Wow already decide that issue?

If it wasn't for 40, the star of this show would have been Ne-Yo. The R&B
crooner established himself as first-tier superstar when his debut CD "In My Own
Words" topped the charts back in March. His voice sounded velvety smooth as he
handled "Stay" and "So Sick," despite the fact that he was fighting a cold.

"I'm sick as a dog right now and I'm still here," he said. "That's how much love
I have for you."

The crowd had tons of love for Federation, the West Coast posse that helped
popularize the hyphy movement with the 2004 single "Hyphy." The troupe gets high
scores for its energetic, fun performance. Plus its members wore some really
cool T-shirts, featuring such logos as "Hammer's Still Rich" and "Flava Flav's
My Father."

The Federation served as the perfect lead-in for the man of the evening: E-40.
The East Bay rapper wowed the crowd with strong versions of the "Ghetto Report
Card" tracks "Yay Area," "Muscle Cars," "White Gurl" and, of course, "Tell Me
When to Go."

Unfortunately, the crowd wasn't the one telling E-40 when to go and the rapper
left the stage well before fans would have liked. He did stick around long
enough to pick up the Wild 94.9 Lifetime Achievement Award, which should go
nicely with the crown he wore all evening long.

All hail the new king of hip-hop.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Inside Bay Area

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday

NEW: East Bay rapper E-40 is crowned king of hip-hop

BYLINE: Jim Harrington - Staff Writer

SECTION: MUSIC; Entertainment; Bay Area Living

LENGTH: 683 words


It wasn't so much a concert as it was a coronation.

Radio station Wild 94.9 FM's Bomb 21 crowned E-40 as the new king of hip-hop. It
also served as a proclamation that Northern California's hyphy movement is
currently the hottest sound in the business.

Other hip-hop artists, notably T.I. and Ne-Yo, are selling more records than
E-40. Judging by the Bomb that dropped on Wednesday night at the HP Pavilion in
San Jose, however, there's simply no platter that matters more than 40's ``My
Ghetto Report card.''

The East Bay rapper's CD is the blueprint for hip-hop in 2006, much like ones
from Dr. Dre, Jay-Z and OutKast were in years past. It's the disc that has set
the sound, the lingo and the pace. It's helped revive the entire hip-hop scene
in the ``Yay Area'' and tilted the genre's focus back toward the West Coast.

The Bomb featured numerous artists from all around the nation, including
Ohio-native Bow Wow, Arkansas-native Ne-Yo and Southern-rappers Dem Franchize
Boyz. Almost all of the players referenced hyphy, either verbally or with their
beats, which goes to show how much influence the movement's leader, E-40, has
these days.

As the hyphy movement gains momentum, Wild 94.9 gains even more clout.

That's why the station was able to finagle so many big artists to appear during
the latest edition of its Bomb series.

One of the early highlights of the show was the set by Bubba Sparxxx, the
Georgia-born rapper whose recently released ``The Charm'' CD has cracked the
Billboard Top 10. The 29-year-old star, who first made his mark with 2001's
``Dark Days, Bright Nights,'' had the exuberant crowd jumping during a short set
that featured the singles ``Ugly'' and ``Heat It Up.'' Sparxxx will return to
the Bay for a co-headlining show with Juvenile at the Fillmore on Tuesday.

Bow Wow, who is still Lil Bow Wow in this critic's book, kept the party pumping
with a short set of crowd favorites. The 19-year-old rapper also might have set
a record for number of times he touched his own crotch during his set and he
tried the hardest of any performer to plug into the hyphy craze.

``We about to go so hyphy,'' Bow Wow said. ``We about to go so dumb. We about to
go so stupid.''

Bow Wow gets points taken off for utilizing that tired hip-hop cliche of
dividing the crowd in half and having the two sides compete to see which is
louder. That act is about as novel as hearing someone shout ``Freebird'' at a
rock concert.

Dem Franchize Boyz cranked up the intensity as they took the stage and performed
the party anthems ``Ridin' Rims,'' ``Lean Wit It, Rock Wit It'' and ``White
Tee.'' They also posed the query as to which side of the arena was the loudest.
Wait a second - didn't Bow Wow already decide that issue? If it wasn't for 40,
the star of this show would have been Ne-Yo. The R&B crooner established himself
as first-tier superstar when his debut CD ``In My Own Words'' topped the charts
back in March. His voice sounded velvety smooth as he handled ``Stay'' and ``So
Sick,'' despite the fact that he was fighting a cold.

``I'm sick as a dog right now and I'm still here,'' he said. ``That's how much
love I have for you.''

The crowd had tons of love for Federation, the West Coast posse that helped
popularize the hyphy movement with the 2004 single ``Hyphy.'' The troupe gets
high scores for its energetic, fun performance. Plus its members wore some
really cool T-shirts, featuring such logos as ``Hammer's Still Rich'' and
``Flava Flav's My Father.''

The Federation served as the perfect lead-in for the man of the evening: E-40.
The East Bay rapper wowed the crowd with strong versions of the ``Ghetto Report
Card'' tracks ``Yay Area,'' ``Muscle Cars,'' ``White Gurl'' and, of course,
``Tell Me When to Go.''

Unfortunately, the crowd wasn't the one telling E-40 when to go and the rapper
left the stage well before fans would have liked. He did stick around long
enough to pick up the Wild 94.9 Lifetime Achievement Award, which should go
nicely with the crown he wore all evening long.

All hail the new king of hip-hop.

Write music critic Jim Harrington at jharrington@angnewspapers.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOT IT ALL: E-40 was the top act at Wednesday's Bomb 21 concert in San
Jose. He's pictured at an autograph session at Tower Records in Emeryville
earlier this year

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             August 29, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

Workers' comp insurer focuses on fighting fraud;
FCCI Insurance Co. of Lakewood Ranch has created an investigative unit, and has
been winning big judgments

BYLINE: By JOHN HIELSCHER john.hielscher@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEKLY; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 992 words


Two Florida construction companies tried to shave their workers' compensation
insurance premiums by more than $1 million by lying about how much work they did
and how many people they employed.

Their workers' comp carrier, Lakewood Ranch-based FCCI Insurance Co., found out
and took the companies to court.

The result: a $16 million court judgment for FCCI that could grow even larger if
a judge awards more damages from the companies' owners.

FCCI, the largest workers' comp insurer based in Florida, has recently won
several large court judgments against policyholders that tried to finagle lower
premiums.

The attorney who represents FCCI believes the $16 million award is the largest
of its kind for workers' comp fraud in Florida.

Legislative reform of the state's workers' comp system in 2003 created tougher
financial penalties for those who try to cheat the system -- and some financial
incentives for insurers to go after them.

The law now allows a penalty of 10 times the difference between premiums that
should have been paid against the premiums actually paid.

So if a company failed to pay $100,000 in premiums, it could be penalized $1
million, which goes to the insurer.

While FCCI has a monetary interest in such cases, senior vice president Tom
Koval says they also can benefit the health of the industry.

"We do believe that pursuing this has a principle attached to it. Not every
judgment is collectible," Koval said. "If our efforts result in better
compliance or less manipulating, then it's even that much better."

Sarasota attorney Morgan Bentley, who won the $16 million judgment for FCCI,
said the Legislature and the insurers felt stiffer financial penalties were
needed to curb fraud.

"You're certainly seeing more focus on eradicating fraud in the workers' comp
system," Bentley said.

"If you've got a much bigger hammer out there, it's going to make people in the
business pay more attention to what they are doing."

Various guises

Workers' comp insurance pays medical bills, lost wages and death benefits for
on-the-job injuries.

Workers' comp fraud comes in various guises.

Employers may try to cheat insurers by lying about how many workers they employ,
the type of work they do or the size of their payroll. Some employers may simply
fail to provide their workers with coverage.

On the other side, workers may fake injuries or disabilities to collect
benefits.

Most nonconstruction businesses with at least four employees are required to
carry workers' comp insurance. Construction businesses with one or more
employees must provide coverage.

The construction industry can be tricky. General contractors hire
subcontractors, who hire their own subs. Some of those may be one-person
businesses, which can claim an exemption, but which then hire laborers for
projects and fail to obtain insurance.

Florida's construction boom has exacerbated the problem. Contractors are hiring
workers wherever they can, perhaps delaying or failing to obtain coverage. Some
will present a certificate of insurance that is no longer valid.

Investigators with the state Division of Workers' Compensation recently
conducted a surprise sweep of 848 construction sites.

More than 100 stop-work orders were issued against employers without legitimate
workers' comp coverage. Such orders are lifted only after the employer obtains
the coverage and pays a fine equal to 1.5 times the insurance premium that was
avoided.

Tom Gallagher, Florida's chief financial officer, says contractors who do follow
the law often complain about how hard it is to compete against those who cheat
the system.

"We have seen workers' compensation rates fall and the availability of coverage
increase in recent years largely due to the efforts of our investigators to root
out fraud and abuse," he said after the sweeps.

The Division of Workers' Compensation enforces administrative compliance with
the law, and the Division of Insurance Fraud pursues criminal cases.

From July 2003 through June 2004, the state served 1,791 stop-work orders and
assessed $19.7 million in penalties.

It also generated $25.4 million in additional workers' comp premiums and caused
more than 13,000 uncovered workers to receive coverage.

During the same period, the state made 113 arrests for workers' comp fraud and
obtained 84 convictions. Claim fraud accounted for more than half of those
convictions.

The state charged a Venice restaurant owner this year with workers' comp fraud
for failing to provide coverage to his workers.

Christos Makrodimitras faces up to five years in jail if convicted on the
third-degree felony charge.

The state closed his Mama Leone's restaurant for a week last September until he
provided proof of insurance.

The case came to light when one of his servers, Vanessa Valenziano, fell and
injured her knee and found out there was no workers' comp coverage to pay her
medical bills.

Like many larger insurers, FCCI now has a special investigative unit to examine
potential fraud. Such investigations used to be handled by other people in the
company, such as the claims or premium audit staffers.

FCCI in June sued well-known restaurateurs Michael Klauber and Philip Mancini to
recover more than $850,000 it paid in medical and other bills to a former
restaurant employee.

The suit claims Paul Mazzarese, who headed security at two now-closed Michael's
Gourmet businesses at Sarasota Quay, was never counted as an employee covered by
workers' comp until after he fell and injured his back.

That case is now in the discovery phase in Sarasota Circuit Court.

"The creation of the SIU has just enabled us to more effectively identify the
red flags and investigate them as compared to before," Koval said.

"Certainly, red flags are seen all the time. Whether they result in any in-depth
investigation is a case-by-case decision."

About FCCI

Policyholders: About 13,000

Premiums: $515 million

Employment: 700 people, about 400 at the Lakewood Ranch headquarters, the
remainder in Atlanta and Indianapolis.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
 STAFF PHOTO / ROB MATTSON / rob.mattson@heraldtribune.com Sarasota attorney
Morgan Bentley won a $16 million judgment for FCCI, having  sued  two
construction companies  for failing to pay premiums.  Bentley says  such big
penalties are good for the workers' comp insurance industry, since  they "make
people in the business pay more attention to what they are  doing."
HERALD-TRIBUNE ARCHIVE PHOTO / ROD MILLINGTON / rod.millington@heraldtribune.com
Insurer FCCI employs about 400 at its headquarters in Lakewood Ranch.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 29, 2014 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Green Bay wins fourth NFC North title in row

BYLINE: Genaro C. Armas

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D09

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY, WIS.


GREEN BAY, Wis. - A heating pad wrapped around his sore left calf, Aaron Rodgers
could only watch helplessly on television monitors in the locker room as the
Detroit Lions surged closer to his Green Bay Packers.

There was only one place that he wanted to be - back on the turf with the rest
of the Packers while they tried to secure a fourth straight NFC North title.

Green Bay's franchise quarterback is limping into the playoffs with a smile.
Rodgers threw two touchdown passes to Randall Cobb, Eddie Lacy gashed Detroit's
defense for 100 yards and the Packers celebrated another division championship
with a 30-20 victory Sunday.

Rodgers will appreciate a week off after the win as the Packers (12-4) earned a
bye. Detroit (11-5) starts the postseason at Dallas on Sunday. Green Bay will
next play on the following Sunday.

"It's clearly an MVP performance - another MVP performance - by Aaron Rodgers,"
Packers Coach Mike McCarthy said. Rodgers won the award in 2011.

Rodgers was carted to the locker room after tossing his first score to Cobb late
in the second quarter. He tweaked the calf during last week's win at Tampa Bay.

This injury came in a different spot in the calf, Rodgers said. He came up
limping again.

In the locker room while getting treatment, Rodgers said he was thinking about
"if I could finagle myself to go back in the game."

He hobbled back onto the field in the third quarter with the game tied at 14.

"I just felt like if I got in there, it might give us a little jolt," Rodgers
said.

The jolt soon followed. A seven-play, 60-yard drive ended with a 13-yard score
to Cobb for a 21-14 lead. The Packers didn't look back.

Rodgers plunged across the goal line from one yard with 8 minutes 45 seconds
left to help Green Bay regain a two-touchdown lead. "MVP! MVP" chanted adoring
fans while light snow dusted Lambeau Field.

Rodgers finished 17 for 22 for 226 yards. He was out of the game for about a
seven-minute stretch between the second and third quarters. In between, Calvin
Johnson had touchdown catches of four and 20 yards on consecutive drives to help
the Lions roar back from a 14-0 deficit.

Detroit hasn't won a division title since 1993. It hasn't won a road game
against the Packers since 1991. For a few moments while Rodgers was out, it
looked like both those streaks might end.

Instead the Packers were victorious again at Lambeau and finished the regular
season 8-0 at home.

The Lions drew within 30-20 with 1:45 left after Matthew Stafford connected with
Theo Riddick for a six-yard touchdown. But Riddick's two-point conversion run
failed, Tramon Williams recovered the ensuing onside kick and Green Bay ran out
the clock.

Stafford finished 20 for 41 for 217 yards.

The Lions head home at least with the comfort that they had clinched a playoff
berth regardless of Sunday's outcome - just the second playoff appearance since
2000.

"We're 11-5, and it's a new season," Coach Jim Caldwell said. "None of that
stuff matters. We've got to look forward."

They could have accomplished so much more if not for some painful mistakes.

After blocking Mason Crosby's 52-yard field goal attempt, the Lions lost the
ball when Stafford fumbled on what looked like an aborted handoff to Joique
Bell. The Packers cashed in with Rodgers's one-yard sneak.

"It was just on our part, self-inflicted wounds, and we know that," cornerback
Rashean Mathis said. "But kudos to them, they did make plays - enough plays to
win this ballgame."

Rodgers felt more pain after Detroit's 305-pound defensive tackle, Ndamukong
Suh, stumbled back and stepped on Rodgers's lower left leg while the quarterback
was on the ground at the end of a play. There was no penalty, and Rodgers tried
to shove Suh back as the defender walked away.

Rodgers said a referee told him he thought Suh was blocked into the quarterback.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 13, 2003, Thursday

LEFFLER GUILTY IN FINANCE FINAGLE

BYLINE: By BARBARA ROSS and LEO STANDORA DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 304 words


Disgraced former City Councilman Sheldon Leffler flinched yesterday as a jury
found him guilty of breaking the city campaign finance law he helped to write.

The 61-year-old Harvard-educated lawyer faces up to seven years in prison when
he is sentenced in January.

Jurors deliberated three days before finding the Queens Democrat guilty of
trying to steal $40,000 in matching funds for campaign contributions from the
government during his failed run for borough president two years ago.

They rejected his claim that overzealous supporters were responsible for the
wrongdoing, saying it was inconceivable he was unaware of what was happening.

Leffler's shoulders hunched and a grimace flashed across his face as the guilty
verdict was announced. His wife, Joy, turned ashen as she watched from a
first-row seat.

He later said the "verdict denies logic," noting that 970 people contributed to
his campaign "but only one was found to have broken the law."

The one was Queens landlord Rita Stark, who testified under immunity that she
donated $10,000 in 250 checks and money orders under other people's names to get
around the $3,500 contribution limit.

The prosecution said Leffler told her what to do so he could claim matching
funds from the government.

The scheme was uncovered when investigators found the checks and money orders
were consecutively numbered.

Jurors said their verdict was based on Stark's testimony and tapes of
conversations between her and Leffler.

One 22-year-old contractor on the jury said Leffler's "intelligence" also helped
do him in. "He's such a smart man, we figured he would have known every aspect
of his law, and since he practically wrote the law, there was no way he couldn't
have known every angle."

Defense lawyer Fred Hafetz said an appeal is likely.


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            July 17, 1999, Saturday,

ONE 'KOOKS' ALL IT TAKES IF IT'S KUNTZ

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 404 words


A whole bunch of crazy "Kooks" are on stage at the Oak Street Theatre and all
played by one talented comic-actor, John Kuntz.

This one-man show is witty, irreverent and fast-paced.

Kuntz' show was named one of the best performances of the year by Boston
newspapers and has consistently won Fringe festival awards and recognition.
Primarily an actor, Kuntz has performed in dramatic works from New York to
Boston.

In "Kooks," he integrates seven wacky characters and then a complete sitcom cast
in his "Hart to Hart" skit. The entire performance piece is bound together in
the final moments by the elderly character, Pearl. In earlier years, she had
managed a road show of Smurfs; now, with a house full of cats and fond memories,
Pearl gently recalls characters from other scenes, giving the whole piece a
sense of continuity.

"Kooks" is produced by Flaming Productions, whose stated goal is to "provide the
queer community and its supporters ongoing access to plays and words that
promote and celebrate their common experience . . ." Many of Kuntz' characters
are gay and very funny. Seizing the theatrical audition as a natural comic
vehicle, Kuntz creates the character of Ronnie, who attempts every trick in the
book to finagle a role from the casting director of the imaginary production
"Xanadu." This piece is hilarious and runs the gamut from sexually persuasive
tactics to downright begging. Ronnie finally is told that he is not in the
running for the role -- any role. But somehow we know that he will survive this
rejection. and sure enough, Ronnie gets a callback!

This time, he calls on audience members to assist him in his interpretive dance
audition. Comic pantomiming to lyrics such as "Total Eclipse of the Heart"
brought cries of approval from the Oak Street audience. Hats off to the
volunteers who joined Kuntz on stage for this scene!

Other characters include Andy, who works out at the gym and has developed a
process of categorizing former lovers and friends by the sandwiches they eat.
Then there's Jane, who collects cereal boxes because of an incredible fantasy,
and Rob, who's just an ordinary guy, whatever that is, and of course, there is
Barbara.

Tasteful and good fun, "Kooks" should please the intended Flaming Productions
audience. In fact, any adult Portland theater audience will enjoy the talented
performance of John Kuntz and his many bizarre and kooky friends.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Thomas A. Power is an associate professor of theater at the University
of Southern Maine.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

John Kuntz's one-man show is witty, irreverent and fast-paced.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday

City Crackdown Could Mean End Of Gifted Program

BYLINE: SARAH GARLAND -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 762 words


An education department effort to spread gifted and talented programs around the
city and to make the system more equitable could end up destroying one such
Upper West Side program that has been a model of diversity, parents at the
school say.

To the dismay of parents with children enrolled at P.S. 145, the gifted program
there is slowly dying as a result of a Department of Education crackdown two
years ago to prevent parents from applying from out of district, a longstanding
regulation that had been only laxly enforced on the Upper West Side. The idea
was to bring equity to a system under which parents from other neighborhoods had
been able to finagle their children's way into the area's choice programs. One
of the results was that many gifted and talented programs were dominated by
white and middle class students.

Not at P.S. 145, parents say.

"They want to have cultural diversity and racial diversity, and that's what we
have here," the school's Parent Teacher Association president, Jennifer Naggar,
said.

The school is located on the northern edge of the Upper West Side, and before
the 2004 crackdown word of P.S. 145's gifted program had traveled through
Harlem, Washington Heights, and the South Bronx, districts that had fewer gifted
and talented programs or none at all. The school had successfully drawn a mix of
students from various socioeconomic and racial backgrounds, including a handful
of students who were living in homeless shelters, Ms. Naggar said.

After the revival of the district restriction, P.S. 145 couldn't attract enough
students from the neighborhood to fill a kindergarten class in the gifted
program. This year, there was no kindergarten class and no first grade.

"Parents from District 3 don't opt for us," Ms. Naggar said, referring to the
Upper West Side. "It's killing our program."

Gifted programs have long been seen as a way to attract middle class families to
the city's public schools. The crackdown on out-of-district enrollments,
meanwhile, was seen as a way to make the programs more equitable and diverse,
and was coupled with an effort to spread gifted programs around the city. The
education department has since opened 15 new programs; each of the 32 districts
now has at least one.

That P.S. 145's gifted program may fade away is perhaps an unintended result,
but the education department isn't planning to save it.

"Maybe the community can't support filling the programs," the executive director
of Gifted and Talented Programs for the education department, Anna Commintante,
said. "We're trying to equalize the number of programs. Right now, there's
terribly unequal distribution."

There are nine public gifted programs on the Upper West Side. A few are
particularly popular among Upper West Side parents, who sometimes opt to send
their children to private schools if they don't get into them.

A parent of a second-grader in P.S. 145's gifted program who lives in Harlem,
Wandalee Cruz-Gonzalez, has fought to save the program, sending letters to
school superintendents and the chancellor.

"How are you going to preach one thing and take it all away at the same time?"
she said. "When they're talking about diversity, P.S. 145 already has all these
things."

She enrolled her oldest daughter in kindergarten in 2004, and had planned on
sending her younger daughter there. The district restrictions have meant she
must send her youngest to a new program, more than 30 blocks away from P.S. 145.
Part of the reason she wants her children to attend the same school is
convenience, but she also likes the program.

"It's an excellent program," she said. "I'm very satisfied."

P.S. 145 gifted students have performed well on standardized tests, according to
the PTA, with 95% of third- and fourth-graders passing statewide math and
reading tests in 2005.

The director of the Hunter College Center for Gifted Studies and Education, Dona
Matthews, has taught several of the P.S. 145 teachers and also says the program
is excellent.

"They're some of my strongest teachers," she said. "It speaks well of the
school."

At the same time, she says she understands the education department's attempts
to make the entire system more equitable. She offered one solution that could
save P.S. 145.

"We should not be really thinking district-wide, but what school is closest" to
a child's house, she said.

For now, the department says it is focusing on spreading resources around the
city, meaning the gifted program at P.S. 145 will have to fend for itself. "We
believe in the end we are doing the right thing for children," Ms. Commintante
said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday

Dow Chemical third-quarter earnings preview

LENGTH: 422 words


When The Dow Chemical Co. (NYSE:DOW) managed to finagle the $16.3 billion
acquisition of specialty chemicals manufacturer Rohm and Haas Co. in April by
securing a $9.2 billion bridge loan, Warren Buffett, who last summer committed
to buying $3 billion worth of Dow's preferred shares, said that the investment
looked smart  at the time but "looks dumb at the present time."Still, analysts,
on average, expect Dow to announce for the fiscal quarter ending Sept. 30
earnings per share of 9 cents and revenue of $11.87 billion. Earnings
expectations for the company are up from last quarter, when analysts predicted a
loss, though Dow managed to eke out earnings of 5 cents per share anyway. For a
company whose long-term goal is to reduce leverage, the acquisition of Rohm and
Haas wasn't exactly the most prudent. But Dow has also been refocusing on
specialty chemicals that are used in cosmetics and food additives and utilizing
joint ventures to meet basic chemical needs. Indeed, Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C)
wrote in its 3Q Chemicals Earnings Preview: "The acquisition will favorably
shift Dow's portfolio toward higher margin specialty business."&nbsp; Boosting
Dow's bottom line has been the divestitures of a bevy of businesses , the
proceeds of which Dow is using to pay down the bridge loan.

Specifically, in the months since Rohm closed it has also issued $6 billion in
new long-term debt, $2.25 billion in new shares and sold other assets including
stakes in refining joint ventures to raise cash.The largest of those
divestitures has been the sale of Morton Salt to K+S AG for $1.7 billion, making
the latter the world's largest saltmaker. Here are some others, according to the
Deal Pipeline : On Sept. 10, the company said it would sell   its hollow sphere
plastic pigments product line to Fairlawn, Ohio, chemicals and polymers maker
Omnova Solutions Inc. Terms were not disclosed.The company agreed on Aug. 3, to
sell a Clear Lake, Texas, plant and a North American latex businesses to French
chemicals maker Arkema SA for $50 million. The Texas plant is used for acrylic
acid and esters production. The company also plans to close two production units
in Texas as part of its restructuring initiatives.On July 30, Dow said that its
Union Carbide Corp. division had agreed to sell its stake in the Optimal Group
of Cos. to joint venture partner Petroliam Nasional Bhd., or Petronas, for $660
million. The deal closed on Sept. 30.&nbsp; Subscribers to Pipeline can see more
news and insight about Dow here . - Sara Behunek

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2009 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 13, 2003, Thursday

LEFFLER GUILTY IN CAMPAIGN CASH FINAGLE

BYLINE: By BARBARA ROSS and LEO STANDORA DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 231 words

Disgraced former City Councilman Sheldon Leffler flinched yesterday as a jury
found him guilty of breaking the city campaign finance law he helped to write.

The 61-year-old Harvard-educated lawyer faces up to seven years in prison when
he is sentenced in January.

Jurors deliberated three days before finding the Queens Democrat guilty of
trying to steal $40,000 in matching funds for campaign contributions from the
government during his failed run for borough president two years ago.

They rejected his claim that overzealous supporters were responsible for the
wrongdoing, saying it was inconceivable he was unaware of what was happening.

Leffler's shoulders hunched and a grimace flashed across his face as the guilty
verdict was announced. His wife, Joy, turned ashen as she watched from a
first-row seat.

He later said the "verdict denies logic," noting that 970 people contributed to
his campaign "but only one was found to have broken the law."

The one was Queens landlady Rita Stark, who testified under immunity that she
donated $10,000 in 250 checks and money orders under other people's names to get
around the $3,500 contribution limit.

The prosecution said Leffler told her what to do so he could claim matching
funds from the government.

The scheme was uncovered when investigators found the checks and money orders
were consecutively numbered.


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 26, 1992, Thursday

Arab League's rush to help Gadhafi is shame

BYLINE: By Richard Mathewspolitics; government; courts; deaths; international;
crime; aviation; violence; personalities

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 16

LENGTH: 470 words


It's hardly surprising that the loony Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi would try
to wrap himself in the cloak of brotherly Arabhood in an effort to escape United
Nations pressure to turn over two of his state terrorism agents. Not because
it's a crazy idea - in this case, Gadhafi is being lucid, because the technique
is, sadly, one that always seems to work.

The other day, Libya's ambassador to the United Nations said his country would
finally agree to turn over the two suspects in the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing -
but only to the Arab League, not to American or British authorities.

It would be nice to imagine that the Arab League would respond to this sort of
finagle by saying: "No. You decided to use terrorism as a political weapon, and
what's worse you tried to portray yourself as a soldier of the Arab world and of
Islam in doing so. You have shamed the Arab people and you have shamed Islam. We
will not become your accomplices now by acting on your behalf."

Unfortunately, no such principled utterances have ever spilled from the lips of
Arab leaders when one of their "tribe" has been called to account for crimes
against humanity. On the contrary, time and again they have rushed to provide
precisely the kind of shelter and defense the wrongdoer seeks.

Just as they did this time. When the notion of turning this criminal terrorist
matter into an Arabs vs. the infidels showdown was raised, a delegation from the
Arab League rushed to Tripoli to cooperate in the charade.

There, of course, they ran into a taste of Gadhafi's madness. He kept them
cooling their heels until after midnight, then said he wouldn't turn over the
suspects to them unless the International Court of Justice rules against him.
What's more, he had his government news agency pillory them as toadys of the
West and as undevout Muslims, since they traveled to Libya during the holy month
of Ramadan.

That's not an unhappy outcome; if anything, there is a kind of poetic justice to
it. What is sad is the fact that these men, who consider themselves to be
honorable people, leapt so quickly to offer the cover of Arab brotherhood and
solidarity to a man they should have shunned long ago.

It is sad, too, that they were being totally consistent in doing so. Arab
leaders, and great masses of Arab people, have always been willing to take the
side of the most diabolical and disgusting thugs, if they are Arabs (witness the
mobs who cheered Saddam Hussein when Western forces began to move against him in
Kuwait).

We often hear complaints from Arabs that they are unfairly stereotyped by the
actions of the small number of terrorists among them, and pleas that they be
judged apart from that minority. It would be easier to do that if their arms
were not entwined so tightly around them in loving, brotherly embrace.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Earehart brings big talent to area

BYLINE: The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1279 words


Sept. 28--September 28, 2010

When the three-year-old girl who would become Patricia Ann Mollohan Earehart sat
in a pew at the First Baptist Church on Neville Street, rapt at the commanding
presence of the pastor, the elaborate Easter Sunday hats and reverberating
organ, it never crossed her mind she'd one day escort the best Christian artists
of her time behind the pulpit.

The act starting it all -- Dino Kartsonakis, known as simply 'Dino' to his fans
and as the 'Liberace' of Christian music -- had heavenly pursuits on his own
mind at the age of three -- when he first befriended the keys of his
grandmother's piano in New York City.

Dino, an attendee of the prestigious Julliard School of Music, eight-time Gospel
Music Association Dove Award and one-time Grammy winner, will perform his
peace-evoking, goosebump baring arrangements of classic hymns and Christian
standards this Friday at 7 p.m. -- his third appearance at the church venue.

While he was Earehart's inaugural guest in a two decade long line-up of popular
artists to grace the Beckley sanctuary, she hints the closing credits may be
playing on her promotions career. As she explains, she never dreamed God would
take this interest of hers so far for His glory.

Getting Dino to your church in the early '90s must've been like asking
Michelangelo to paint your ceiling during the Renaissance. So, when Pastor David
Carrico approached Earehart, known to her friends as "Pat," requesting that she
host the accomplished pianist for a Beckley performance, she was thrilled.
Thrilled gave way to astounded as she watched Dino's crew finagle his 12-foot
white Steinway Grand up the steps and onto the stage. A pianist as equally known
for his showmanship and flamboyance as he is for the promotion of his Christian
faith, Dino is one of those talents who could make the staunchest atheist
believe in heaven, or at least say grace a time or two.

Pat's commission was to bring him in, transport him from his hotel to the church
and generally make welcome. There was the time husband Andy Earehart literally
sold a car she was driving from the salon parking lot while she was in a hair
appointment, and the time he sold their camper, fully-stocked with food, before
the family trip got going. But then, his longtime Beckley dealership came in
handy from time to time, providing the white Acura Pat used to chauffeur Dino.
At the musician's request, the concert stretched from a single night to an
unexpected encore piling attendees even into the choir loft. Show managers later
called Pat to purchase the Acura as a surprise Christmas present for Dino.

Following the Dino performance, Pat felt a stirring to bring Christian comedian
and singer/songwriter Mark Lowry at the height of his demand. Lowry was a
pioneer in the territory of Christian jokes, mastering the often competing arts
of splitting sides and fearing God. Well known for his contributions to the
Gaither Vocal Band, his surprisingly serious and deeply moving 'Mary Did You
Know' is a modern-day Christmas carol. Pat wanted to bring him to Beckley, but
her flesh argued the contrary. "I thought, 'I'll make the call to his manager,'
but I never expected to hear back." One day, as her children yelled that Lowry's
manager was on the phone, Pat knew, "This was what I was supposed to be doing
for a while."

There were good times and great times, crowds large and crowds low on her
expedition of fishing for big Christian talent for southern West Virginia.

Pat recalls another comedic visitation, Chondra Pierce, famous for her vivid
tales of growing up as a notch on the Bible Belt, sitting "second row, piano
side." The First Baptist Church's Associate Pastors had taken such a liking to
her act, they crashed a 'Girls' Only' Pierce performance disguised in their
wives' dresses.

Christian music legend Sandi Patty, with whom the Earehart family developed a
close friendship, challenged the church with a 40-foot stage for her Christmas
production, complete with sound requirements the likes of which few technical
acrobats have ever encountered. To Pat it was all worth it when, in the middle
of her operatic delivery, Patty stopped to tug like a regular lady at her
stubborn pantyhose and ask the crowd's forgiveness for it. Following the
Christmas concert, Patty divulged she and her group had learned something from
the First Baptist Church. "We learned that we've forgotten what this is all
about. We need to be performing in churches like this," she said, afterward
changing her bookings to include more church-versus-convention center
performances.

As Pat developed a confidence in God's ability to use her in securing impossible
acts, she also developed empathy for the artists themselves. It became tradition
to invite each into her home for a made-from-scratch meal of pot roast, 'Andy's
ham,' and broccoli casserole. Both Earehart's cooked together for the groups.
Andy developing a reputation at grilling that rivaled his salesmanship.

One of Pat's most humbling moments was when the nine-member family force The
Annie Moses Band gave her a standing ovation on her way to the dining room to
refill their bowls with steaming hot chicken and dumplings. The casserole recipe
Pat shares here attained respectability itself in Christian music realms --
signaling a welcome break from a life lived and nourished on-the-go.

After his 1995 concert, Dino as dinner guest was asked to play the Earehart
piano. His only condition was that Ma-Ma, Pat's 84-year-old mother, join him at
the keys. "Mom had always played beautifully by ear," she says. She had been a
well-known seamstress in her day, outfitting her daughter well for pursuing her
speech therapy degree at WVU in the '60s. Little did anyone know the
best-dressed graduate was wearing $20 recreations of the $300 outfits her mother
had studied carefully in Hub & Vogue's window. Watching Ma-Ma play a duet with a
piano legend is one of the often busy, always determined woman's most touching
memories. "She was crying the whole time saying, 'Never in my wildest
dreams...'"

One instrumental Pat isn't fond of is tooting her own horn. She credits any
success she's had in life to God's account. "For me," says Earehart, "you don't
have to speak a word. The Lord will bring you to a place where He can speak to
you through music. And if you get to where you can truly hear what he is saying,
you may think 'I can't do this', but 'yes, you can' because He's the one in
charge."

The concert this Friday, like all at First Baptist Church, will cost only $5 and
a non-perishable food item.

"We've never made a dollar from these concerts," Pat confesses. "They are
literally done by faith. It's just for bringing Christian witness in music for
our folks and anyone else who would like to come."

So, while the speech pathologist turned stay-at-home mom turned concert promoter
may say she has booked her final curtain call, she adds a familiar escape clause
-- "unless He wants me to do more." A knowing smile appears on her face, as if
to finish the statement with "He usually does."

Text Only

Copyright 2010 The Register-Herald, Beckley, West Virginia. All rights reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100928-WZ-Earehart-brings-big-talent-to-area-0928-20100928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Register-Herald


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Record, The

                   December 31, 2003 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

RINGING IN NEW YEAR SOCCER STYLE

BYLINE: DARCY COUCH,, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. R08

LENGTH: 531 words


Some teams just don't know when to relax. Don't they know, the holidays are for
eating food, spending money and watching rain drip down the window? From
INDOORS?

No. Soccer teams are a rare breed. The skies cloud and the fields turn to
sponges, and all they can think about are how far they can slide tackle in the
mud. And what better way to ring in the new year than cleat-up?

Which is why the Miramonte, Campolindo, Las Lomas and College Park girls soccer
teams are all lined up for the Tri-Valley Tournament. Play kicks off on Jan. 1,
leaving little room for late-night New Year's celebrations. All four Diablo
Foothill Athletic League teams are packed into the Maroon Division along with
Live Oak, Deer Valley, Berkeley, Francis Parker-San Diego, Las Jolla Country
Day, Granada, Liberty and American, giving them some stiff nonleague foes to
spice up their nonleague tournament play.

The tourney winds down on Jan. 3.

Join the Jamboree

It's not totally by choice that the Acalanes girls basketball team has been on
such a long break in preseason action. The Dons - along with all other DFAL
basketball teams - have had to finagle their nonleague schedule even more than
usual because of the return to an 18-game DFAL season. That has meant reigning
in preseason competition, leaving Acalanes with just three games under its belt
entering Christmas time. See, the Dons have been awaiting a big old holiday
treat. They have a date with some of the most competitive teams in Northern
California at one of the most competitive tournaments in the nation, the West
Coast Jamboree.

Acalanes won't face the big-name titans from the East Coast and down south that
are playing in the Diamond Division, but it will join in a handful of hefty
teams in the Emerald Division.

The Dons open up against Edison-Fresno at 8:30 p.m. Saturday and could very well
clash with local powers Carondelet and Amador Valley during the tourney.

Other DFAL teams in the mix at the monstrous Jamboree include Alhambra in the
Opal Division, Northgate in the Pearl Division, Campolindo in the Topz Division,
Dublin in the Jade Division, and Mt. Diablo in the Garnet Division.

All shook up

The Campolindo boys basketball team rode out the earthquake that hit the San
Luis Obispo area last week and took seventh in the Mission Prep Classic. The
earthquake shook up the tournament schedule a bit, but not enough to keep the
Cougars from putting up a solid performance against several competitive teams at
the tourney.

Campolindo improved to 4-4 overall with its 64-59 win over Valley-Sacramento.
Billy Colonna came up big for the Cougars in the game, nailing a pair of
3-pointers on his way to a team-high 19 points, and Ross Nakamura punched in
three and finished with 12 points. The Cougars had to combine forces from the
arc to keep up with Valley's seven 3-pointers in the game.

Roll on

The Northgate boys basketball team ran its winning streak to five with a 55-34
win over Rancho Cotate. That's no shabby opponent to knock off, either,
considering Rancho Cotate was a North Coast Section Division II semifinalist
last season. Ryan Clark led the Broncos with 12 points in the win.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             August 9, 2009 Sunday

Pioneers celebrate at Ide Adobe in Red Bluff

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 228 words


RED BLUFF   Visitors will be able to step back in time to the 1850s during a
30th annual Adobe Day celebration Saturday at Ide Adobe State Park.

Costumed volunteers will share local news and attempt ways to finagle a way to
make money from the miners passing through the area, in keeping with this year's
theme, "Mining the Miners."

Hands-on activities for visitors will include learning to make adobe bricks,
candles and ropes, make rag dolls or get a shave. Blacksmith Brad Hudson and his
apprentices will work will the forge, Don Mason will demonstrate dutch oven
cooking, Jane Burke will spin wool and ladies will host a quilting bee. Ide
Adobe Players will play and sing tunes of the 1850s, while dancers dance the
Virginia Reel.

Children may attend a 1850s school session, join in pioneer games and watch
puppet shows throughout the day.

Breads and freshly churned butter and iced mint water will beserved in the adobe
kitchen. Lemonade and ice cream will be offered for eagles, the money used the
1850s.

Ide Adobe Interpretive Association members, co-sponsoring the festivities with
California State Parks, will sell food.

Events will go noon to 4 p.m. Admission is $2 for adults and $1 for children
4-11.

Proceeds from admissions, sales and visitor center sales will support programs
at Ide Adobe.

Ide Adobe State Park is on Adobe Road, one-half mile from Interstate 5.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 20, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

WEEKENDER GUIDE

BYLINE: ELEANOR BLAU;
Friday;
1600'S KNACK ON THE BOWERY

SECTION: Section C; Page 1, Column 1; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 788 words


A team of swindlers who purport to have the knack for turning baser metals into
gold hoodwink greedy dupes in Ben Jonson's ''The Alchemist,'' which is being
presented through March 1 by the Jean Cocteau Repertory Company at the Bowerie
Lane Theater, 330 Bowery.  The setting of the farce has been changed from
early-17th-century London to the American Wild West. Tonight's performance is at
8.  Tickets are $6. Information: 677-0060.

HUMOR A CLOWN IN MIDTOWN

The Cumeezi Clowns are at it again. They will open their winter series of free
entertainment at public sites this afternoon from 4:30 to 5:30 o'clock at the
Port Authority Bus Terminal. Members of the troupe like to engage passers-by in
comic silent encounters. They have been known to finagle a scooter ride with a
policeman down Wall Street and to persuade a pedestrian to swap his fashionable
size 7 shoes for Cumeezi size 13 boots. How they will interract with commuters
today is anybody's guess. If you don't want to interract, incidentally, they
won't insist. If you're clown inclined, they teach - $40 for four classes - at
303 Park Avenue South. Information: 254-4518.

GRACE PALEY IN WEST NYACK

Grace Paley, the short-story writer, will read from her works in progress as
well as from her published pieces tonight at 8 at the Writers Roundtable, 27
Greenbush Road in West Nyack, N.Y., at the intersection of Routes 59 and 303. In
addition, a new film based on a Paley story, ''Jokes,'' will be screened. It's
by Ellen Hovde, who was a director and editor for ''Grey Gardens,'' the 1975
Maysles brothers movie about Edith Bouvier Beale and her daughter, Edie. Miss
Hovde will also be present. Admission is $2. Information: (914) 358-0877.

Saturday

GOLDEN AGES AT ST. PETER'S

The Gregg Smith Singers will offer the works of English and American composers
Saturday as they continue a series focusing on ''Two Golden Ages'' - meaning the
Renaissance and the 20th century.  The Britons include William Byrd and Benjamin
Britten. The Americans include William Billings - who lived in Mwrote like a
Renaissance man - and Samuel Barber. It starts at 8 P.M. in St. Peter's Church,
Lexington Avenue and 54th Street.

GOG jump
Admission is $6. Information: 865-7035.

YANKEE MS. ART ON 53D ST.

A little-known area of folk art - the New England illuminated manuscript - can
be seen at the Museum of American Folk Art, 49 West 53d Street. On exhibit are
nearly 50 examples from the late 18th and early 19th centuries -records of
birth, marriage and death in pen and ink, and delicate watercolor hues by
artists who traveled from community to community, setting down likenesses and
recording events. Also at the museum are monumental 20th-century wood carvings
by John Perates, a Greek immigrant, whose work shows the influence of Byzantine
iconography and New England cabinetmaking. Admission is $1; 50 cents for
students and the elderly, and free for children (admission is free for everybody
on Tuesdays, 5:30 to 8 P.M.).  Information: 581-2474.

Sunday

WEST BRONX WALKING TOUR

If everybody moved out of New York City and vegetation could grow untouched by
human foot, the result would look like parts of Riverdale Park, a little-known
area in the West Bronx, which may be investigated Sunday with the aid of the
geologist Sidney Horenstein.  In the course of an afternoon walk, Professor
Horenstein, who teaches at Hunter College and is on the staff of the American
Museum of Natural History, will point out large, patriarchal trees, an old
limestone kiln and fossils along a railroad track. Time and place to meet are 1
P.M. at Johnson Avenue and 231st Street, foot of Ewen Park (five blocks west of
231st Street on the IRT's No. 1 Broadway line).  Donation is $2. Information:
881-8900.

SEEGER AND CHAPINS ON L.I.

Pete Seeger, Tom Chapin and Harry Chapin, the folk musicians, will offer two
concerts Sunday at the Huntington (L.I.) High School Auditorium for the benefit
of the Performing Arts Foundation of Long Island. The 2 P.M. program ($7.50) is
for a family audience, and the 8 P.M. ($9.50) is for a general audience. Tickets
available at the door for seats and standing room. Information: (516) 271-8282.

LEARN CLOWNING ON 103D ST.

''The Art of the Clown: From Making Up to Falling Down'' will be explained
Sunday at 3 P.M. to children and adults by Bobos, otherwise known as Terry
Noble, in a workshop at the Museum of the City of New York, Fifth Avenue at 103d
Street. Bobos will involve some of the youngsters in the arts of makeup,
movement, character, making sets, cleaning up afterward and saying goodbye.
Tickets are $1.50 at the first-floor information desk from 2 P.M. Information:
534-1672.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 18, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Universe With a Schmear, Please

SECTION: Section F; Column 1; Science Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 49 words


To the Editor:

Re "Universe as Doughnut: New Data, New Debate," March 11:

The toroidal universe Tegmark proposes

Might free us of constants to fudge or finagle;

Its shape, as a Times-reading New Yorker knows, is

No doughnut, but, rather, an everything bagel.

HOWARD M. SHAPIRO
West Newton, Mass.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 5, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1070 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                           11
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
2   THE BROKER (Dell,                             9
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
3   HONEYMOON (Warner,                            4
    $13.95). By James
    Patterson & Howard
  Roughan. An FBI agent
  suspects the alluring
   fiancée in a wealthy
     banker's death.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             68
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
4  GILEAD (Picador USA,                           3
    $14). By Marilynne
   Robinson An elderly
   minister, in failing
   health, reflects on
  his enduring faith and
   a lifetime spent in
   the same Iowa town.
6  PREP (Random House,                            7
    $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
7  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          22
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
8 ENTOMBED (Pocket Star,                          1
     $9.99). By Linda
    Fairstein A serial
    rapist who doesn't
   kill, a copycat who
    does and an eerie
  puzzle involving Edgar
  Allen Poe occupy Alex
         Cooper.
9   DOUBLE TAP (Jove,                             5
     $7.99). By Steve
    Martini The expert
   slaying of a defense
  contractor's CEO casts
   suspicion on an Army
   vet turned security
          guard.
1  THE MOTIVE (Signet,                            2
0    $7.99). By John
      Lescroart San
   Francisco policeman
  Abe Glitsky teams with
   old pal Dismas Hardy
    to solve a case of
    double murder and
          arson.
    Nonfiction/General
1  NIGHT (FSG, $9). By                           10
  Elie Wiesel The Nobel
  laureate's terrifying
   account of his four
     years spent in a
    concentration camp
   during World War II.
2    A MILLION LITTLE                            18
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  Billed as a memoir of
   addiction recovery,
  the author now admits
            to
  fabricating/embellishi
       ng his tale.
3     COLLAPSE: HOW                               5
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
4 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         56
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
5     IN COLD BLOOD                              14
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
6   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             5
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
7    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             24
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
8 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         58
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
9   THE END OF FAITH:                             3
  RELIGION, TERROR, AND
   THE FUTURE OF REASON
   (Norton, $13.95). By
   Sam Harris Religious
  conviction (in all its
    forms) as menace.
1 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         98
0 CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1    CELL (Scribner,                              1
   $26.95). By Stephen
   King A mind-altering
        pulse sent
  simultaneously through
   all mobile phones in
    the U.S. turns its
     recipients into
         killers.
2    MEMORY IN DEATH                              1
   (Putnam, $24.95). By
    J.D. Robb Cop Eve
    Dallas rebuffs her
  cruel foster mother's
   attempt at blackmail
     -- and finds her
  murdered the very next
           day.
3   THE DA VINCI CODE                            96
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
   a killer's identity.
4  THE HOSTAGE (Putnam,                           4
    $26.95). By W.E.B.
   Griffin A diplomat's
  murder, a family held
  captive and the Iraqi
   oil-for-food scandal
   meld in this Charley
    Castillo thriller.
5   THE PALE HORSEMAN                             2
     (HarperCollins,
    $25.95) By Bernard
   Cornwell. A.D. 877:
    The Saxon noblemen
    Uhtred and Alfred
  entrench to repel the
     Viking invaders.
6    THE LAST TEMPLAR                             1
   (Dutton, $24.95) By
     Raymond Khoury.
  Modern-day zealots of
   the Knights Templar
     aim to reclaim a
    treasure not seen
       since 1291.
7    S IS FOR SILENCE                             7
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
8  MARY, MARY (Little,                           10
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
9 THE HUNT CLUB (Dutton,                          1
     $26.95). By John
  Lescroart Wyatt Hunt,
   a novice P.I., draws
     on his cadre of
  associates to help his
   best friend Devin, a
     cop, hunt down a
        murderer.
1    ARTHUR & GEORGE                              2
0  (Knopf, $24.95). By
     Julian Barnes A
    fictional twist on
      Conan Doyle's
   real-life defense of
   George Edalji, whose
   trial was swayed by
    racial prejudice.
    Nonfiction/General
1 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           7
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
2  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          42
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
3  YOU'RE WEARING THAT?                           1
  UNDERSTANDING MOTHERS
     AND DAUGHTERS IN
   CONVERSATION (Random
    House, $25.95). By
      Deborah Tannen
4  NIGHT (FSG, $19.95).                           2
      By Elie Wiesel
  Wiesel's memoir of the
      Holocaust -- a
     wrenching act of
  witness -- is the new
   selection of Oprah's
        Book Club.
5 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          41
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
6   AT CANAAN'S EDGE:                             2
   AMERICA IN THE KING
  YEARS, 1965-68 (Simon
   & Schuster, $35). By
    Taylor Branch The
  third and final volume
    of Branch's civil
     rights history.
7  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           16
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
8   STATE OF WAR: THE                             4
  SECRET HISTORY OF THE
     CIA AND THE BUSH
   ADMINISTRATION (Free
   Press, $26) By James
   Risen. Exposing the
     domestic spying
         scandal.
9     THE NUMBER: A                               1
   COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
  WAY TO THINK ABOUT THE
    REST OF YOUR LIFE
  (Free Press, $26). By
  Lee Eisenberg. Retire
        with ease.
1 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES: 11Rankings reflect sales for the week ended January
0 AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS 29, 2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
    (Simon & Schuster,   permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2006
  $25). By Jimmy Carter      by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
    Cautioning against     italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
        religious        which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004. The
     fundamentalism's    advice/miscellaneous list below reflects sales from
        influence.                      1/16/06 to 1/29/06.)

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 29, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1062 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1   THE BROKER (Dell,                             8
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
2  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                           10
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, tells of her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
3   HONEYMOON (Warner,                            3
     $13.95) By James
    Patterson & Howard
  Roughan. An FBI agent
  suspects the alluring
   fiancée in a wealthy
     banker's death.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             67
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5  GILEAD (Picador USA,                           2
    $14). By Marilynne
   Robinson An elderly
   minister, in failing
   health, reflects on
  his enduring faith and
   a lifetime spent in
   the same Iowa town.
6  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          21
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
7   DOUBLE TAP (Jove,                             4
     $7.99). By Steve
    Martini The expert
   slaying of a defense
  contractor's CEO casts
   suspicion on an Army
   vet turned security
          guard.
8  PREP (Random House,                            6
    $13.95). By Curtis
  Sittenfeld An Indiana
  teen enrolls at one of
      Boston's most
    exclusive private
   schools, heightening
   her already anxious
          state.
9  THE MOTIVE (Signet,                            1
     $7.99). By John
      Lescroart San
   Francisco policeman
  Abe Glitsky teams with
   old pal Dismas Hardy
    to solve a case of
    double murder and
          arson.
1    THE KNOWN WORLD                              4
0  (Amistad, $13.95) By
   Edward P. Jones. The
   tangled relationship
   between an ex-slave
  (and plantation owner)
  and his former master.
    Nonfiction/General
1  NIGHT (FSG, $9). By                            9
  Elie Wiesel The Nobel
  laureate's terrifying
   account of his four
     years spent in a
    concentration camp
   during World War II.
2    A MILLION LITTLE                            17
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
    A screenwriter and
    drug dealer's (now
      controversial)
  chronicle of addiction
      and recovery.
3     COLLAPSE: HOW                               4
   SOCIETIES CHOOSE TO
     FAIL OR SUCCEED
    (Penguin, $17). By
    Jared Diamond The
  fatal consequences of
        ecological
      mismanagement.
4 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         55
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
5   CONFESSIONS OF AN                             4
     ECONOMIC HIT MAN
  (Plume, $15). By John
   Perkins. Charges of
  financial malfeasance
    at the expense of
   developing nations.
6     IN COLD BLOOD                              13
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
7    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             23
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
8 SEE NO EVIL: THE TRUE                           6
    STORY OF A GROUND
   SOLDIER IN THE CIA'S
     WAR ON TERRORISM
   (Three Rivers, $14).
    By Robert Baer. A
     bungling agency.
9  THREE WEEKS WITH MY                            2
    BROTHER: A MEMOIR
   (Warner, $13.95). By
   Nicholas Sparks and
     Micah Sparks The
        siblings'
  contemplative journey
    around the world.
1 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         57
0  (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1   THE DA VINCI CODE                            95
  (Doubleday, $24.95) By
  Dan Brown. Ciphers and
     riddles impede a
   symbologist's quest
  for the Holy Grail and
   a killer's identity.
2  THE HOSTAGE (Putnam,                           3
    $26.95). By W.E.B.
   Griffin A diplomat's
  murder, a family held
  captive and the Iraqi
   oil-for-food scandal
   meld in this Charley
    Castillo thriller.
3   THE PALE HORSEMAN                             1
     (HarperCollins,
    $25.95) By Bernard
   Cornwell. A.D. 877:
    The Saxon noblemen
    Uhtred and Alfred
  entrench to repel the
     Viking invaders.
4 EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE                           4
   (Ballantine, $25.95)
  By Judith McNaught. A
  romantic dalliance in
  the tropics ensnares a
     young woman in a
   high-profile murder
         inquiry.
5 DEATH DANCE (Scribner,                          1
      $26). By Linda
       Fairstein A
    ballerina's grisly
   murder at the opera
  affords DA Alex Cooper
    entree to Lincoln
    Center's rarefied
        backstage.
6    S IS FOR SILENCE                             6
   (Putnam, $26.95). By
     Sue Grafton P.I.
  Kinsey Millhone looks
     into the case of
   Violet Sullivan, an
   impetuous mother who
    vanished 34 years
         earlier.
7 THE CAT WHO DROPPED A                           2
    BOMBSHELL (Putnam,
    $23.95). By Lilian
  Jackson Braun. Felines
     Koko and Yum Yum
  tackle another Pickax
       City murder.
8  MARY, MARY (Little,                            9
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
9    ARTHUR & GEORGE                              1
   (Knopf, $24.95). By
     Julian Barnes A
    fictional twist on
      Conan Doyle's
   real-life defense of
   George Edalji, whose
   trial was swayed by
    racial prejudice.
1  ON THE RUN (Bantam,                            4
0 $26). By Iris Johansen
  A mother and daughter,
  both in CIA protective
  custody, are forced to
     flee when their
       location is
       discovered.
    Nonfiction/General
1  NIGHT (FSG, $19.95).                           1
      By Elie Wiesel
         Wiesel's
   novel-cum-memoir of
    the Holocaust -- a
     wrenching act of
  witness -- is the new
   selection of Oprah's
        Book Club.
2  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          41
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
3 MARLEY & ME: LIFE AND                           6
  LOVE WITH THE WORLD'S
    WORST DOG (Morrow,
     $21.95) By John
   Grogan. For the love
  of an unruly Labrador.
4   STATE OF WAR: THE                             3
  SECRET HISTORY OF THE
     CIA AND THE BUSH
   ADMINISTRATION (Free
   Press, $26) By James
   Risen. Exposing the
     domestic spying
         scandal.
5  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                           15
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   mourning; winner of
  the 2005 National Book
  Award for nonfiction.
6 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          40
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
7  BLINK: THE POWER OF                           42
     THINKING WITHOUT
    THINKING (Little,
    Brown, $25.95). By
   Malcolm Gladwell The
    complex psychology
     behind our snap
        decisions.
8  MY YEAR IN IRAQ: THE                           2
   STRUGGLE TO BUILD A
  FUTURE OF HOPE (Simon
  & Schuster, $27) By L.
   Paul Bremer III with
    Malcolm McConnell
9   AT CANAAN'S EDGE:                             1
   AMERICA IN THE KING
  YEARS, 1965-68 (Simon
   & Schuster, $35). By
    Taylor Branch The
  third and final volume
    of Branch's civil
     rights history.
1   DAVE BARRY'S MONEY   1Rankings reflect sales for the week ended January
0 SECRETS: LIKE: WHY IS  22, 2006. The charts may not be reproduced without
  THERE A GIANT EYEBALL  permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2006
  ON THE DOLLAR? (Crown,     by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
     $24.95)  By Dave      italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
  Barry. The humorist's    which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004.
    take on our legal     Advice, reference and self-help books appear on a
         tender.                      separate, monthly list.)

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                            January 20, 2006, Friday

Not all schedules are created equal

BYLINE: By Mark Tupper

LENGTH: 639 words



CHAMPAIGN -- There are still six weeks to go, but had Wisconsin pulled out a
victory at Ohio State on Wednesday night, the Badgers would have been 5-0 in the
league and may already have had a stranglehold on the Big Ten Conference title.

Because of the uneven scheduling the Big Ten employs, all schools don't play the
same teams home and away. Each team plays six other teams twice (home and away)
and plays four teams once (two at home only, two on the road only).

Some years your team may play the best teams only once. That's an advantage. But
other years, your team may play the poorer teams only once. That's a
disadvantage.

This season, the schedule appears to lean in favor of Wisconsin, whose
single-plays are Illinois, Michigan, Purdue and Indiana. The Badgers have
Illinois at home on Jan. 31, but do not have to return the game to Champaign.
Wisconsin also does not have to play at Indiana. Those are two difficult road
games the Badgers don't have to navigate.

In fact, Wisconsin's only remaining road games are at Michigan, at Purdue, at
Penn State, at Northwestern, at Michigan State and at Iowa.

Every team wants to count Purdue, Penn State and Northwestern among its road
challenges. Illinois, however, does not play at Penn State or at Purdue.

Ohio State also drew a favorable schedule this season and does not have to
travel to Illinois or Iowa.

Bruce Weber said this week he's thinking a 12-4 record might win the league. But
don't be surprised if Wisconsin can finagle 13-3, winning all of its home games
and losing only at Michigan State and either at Michigan or at Iowa, but not
both.

That's why it's imperative for other contenders, including Illinois, to win some
road games. Illinois is 0-2 on the road thus far, losing at Iowa and at Indiana.

Weber acknowledged Thursday that his team is struggling to play with precision
away from home.

When asked to name his biggest concerns right now, Weber listed two.

"One would be scoring on the road," the Illini coach said. "When the other team
gets energy and has momentum and it gets to the gut-check part of the game. Some
of our guys are young, new, and they haven't experienced it yet.

"The crowd gets loud at Indiana and we freeze. We took some questionable shots,
three or four in a row that led to their (comeback). It's a learning process.
Sometimes you have to grind out some baskets, too, and understand tempo
basketball. I'm not sure we're at that point yet.

"Maybe sometimes you have to live with their mistakes and just keep (young
players) in the game. It's tough as a coach."

Weber said his other main concern is getting a better contribution from his
bench.

"Especially on the road," he said. "If we can get some progress with those two
things, we could be a pretty good team as we progress into the Big Ten season."

Illinois will get another chance to perform better on the road Saturday when it
takes on Northwestern at 3:30 p.m. at Welsh-Ryan Arena in Evanston.

"If you want to compete for the Big Ten championship, this is a huge game,"
Weber said. "It's kind of like the old-school Big Ten where you have to win all
of your home games and half of your road games. Wisconsin has already won at
Minnesota. Michigan State won at Ohio State. Each one is very important.

"I'm not going to say it's a do or die game, but it's important for our
confidence and to keep up in the race with the rest of the teams in the league."

Mark Tupper can be reached at mtupper@herald-review.com or at 421-7983.


-----


Copyright (c) 2006, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  NASDAQ-OTCBB:ILIN,

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: HV-0120-Not-all-schedules-are-created-equal

JOURNAL-CODE: HV

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2006 Herald & Review (Illinois)


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: ALEXANDER PANETTA, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Montreal Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

U.S. capital prepares to greet Trudeau; High-Profile

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The most famous street in Washington is lined with Canadian flags. People are
trying to finagle invitations to witness a Halley's Comet-type rarity in
international relations: a political celebrity from Canada.

And somehow, in the midst of all this, amid the pomp and preparation for the
first U.S. state dinner for a Canadian in 19 years, and the even rarer show of
interest in Justin Trudeau, and the decorations along Pennsylvania Avenue, one
unavoidable, inescapable name looms behind the fluttering red-and-white flags.

TRUMP. That name stands out, in all-caps of course, on billboards at the new
hotel project being developed on Pennsylvania Avenue by the ubiquitous
real-estate titan who happens to be the Republican presidential frontrunner.

Trudeau was asked about him this week and tried avoiding the subject. It's fair
to assume he'll be asked again during his three-day visit starting Wednesday.

He won't have the same luxury of anonymity as some past prime ministerial
visitors whose travels might have landed closer to the crossword puzzle than the
front page of major American newspapers. This Vogue-magazine-appearing,
refugee-hugging, proclaimed progressiverock-star has already been dubbed the
"anti-Trump" in

one Washington Post headline.

A few famous names will be in attendance at the state dinner. For the 1997
dinner involving Jean Chrétien, guests included Howie Mandel, Diana Krall, Dan
Aykroyd and a newlywed couple, Alan Greenspan and Andrea Mitchell of NBC News.

They feasted on maplecured salmon and herb-crusted lamb before heading to the
East Room where guests sipped champagne and thenfirst-lady Hillary Clinton and
Tipper Gore bopped to the Beatles' Eleanor Rigby.

One irony is that the rare wonks in this town who actually spend their working
lives thinking about Canada aren't the target audience for the big party.

"Nobody I know is going to the state dinner," said the head of the local Canada
Institute at the Wilson Center, Laura Dawson, when asked about the guest list.

"I think the idea is to keep the bureaucrats and the wonks to a minimum and
really focus on high-level people who exemplify important attributes of the
relationship - whether they're from culture, entertainment."

Unseasonably warm 26 C weather is forecast for the main day of the visit
Thursday - which begins with a meeting in the Oval Office, followed by a press
conference with Barack Obama, lunch at the State Department, then the black-tie
dinner at the White House. The trip starts Wednesday with an evening reception.
It ends Friday with Trudeau speaking to a university, attending a gathering of
thinktanks, and laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday

Chico missing an opportunity

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 111 words


The downsides of existing power sources are overwhelming.

Present energy-providing conglomerates   witness the electricity finagle that
recently scoured the California economy   have a lock on supply. But their
dominion can be diminished and a liberating degree of energy independence
established.

In Chico where the rays are awesome, a sun-power cooperative is technically
possible.

With many small investors, imagine the Bidwell Ranch area, which we own, covered
with a massive array of powerful solar collectors feeding into the system.

Citizen energy cooperatives should be formed everywhere possible before the
energy moguls get a lock on the sun.

Richard Peifer, Chico

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday

Chico missing an opportunity

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 111 words


The downsides of existing power sources are overwhelming.

Present energy-providing conglomerates   witness the electricity finagle that
recently scoured the California economy   have a lock on supply. But their
dominion can be diminished and a liberating degree of energy independence
established.

In Chico where the rays are awesome, a sun-power cooperative is technically
possible.

With many small investors, imagine the Bidwell Ranch area, which we own, covered
with a massive array of powerful solar collectors feeding into the system.

Citizen energy cooperatives should be formed everywhere possible before the
energy moguls get a lock on the sun.

Richard Peifer, Chico

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 4, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Area Bestsellers

SECTION: Book World; T11

LENGTH: 1066 words


        Paperback
         Fiction
1   THE BROKER (Dell,                             1
     $7.99). By John
     Grisham The CIA
   finagles the release
   of an attorney from
  federal prison to gain
  access to a satellite
   surveillance system.
2  MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA                            3
   (Vintage, $14.95) By
    Arthur Golden. The
    celebrated geisha,
   Sayuri, relates her
     rise to fame and
     fortune in 1930s
     imperial Japan.
3  STATE OF FEAR (Avon,                           5
    $7.99). By Michael
         Crichton
  Eco-terrorists plot to
     create "natural
     disasters" in an
    effort to further
  their radical agenda.
4    THE KITE RUNNER                             60
   (Riverhead, $14). By
    Khaled Hosseini An
     Afghan immigrant
      returns to his
  Taliban-ruled country
  in the hope of atoning
     for a childhood
        betrayal.
5   WHITEOUT (Signet,                             5
  $7.99). By Ken Follett
  The debt-ridden son of
     a pharmaceutical
    company's founder
  burgles the lab, with
        unforeseen
      consequences.
6  WICKED: THE LIFE AND                          15
   TIMES OF THE WICKED
    WITCH OF THE WEST
     (Regan, $15). By
   Gregory Maguire This
  riff on the "Oz" tales
        features a
   misunderstood witch.
7  BLOOD MEMORY (Pocket                           1
  Star, $9.95). By Greg
  Iles Forensic dentist
  Cat Ferry consults on
    a string of serial
   murders in Natchez,
  Miss., while juggling
     personal crises.
8   NIGHT FALL (Warner                            5
    Vision, $7.99). By
      Nelson DeMille
  Anti-terrorist expert
   John Corey is driven
   to reassess the 1996
   crash of TWA Flight
   800 off Long Island.
9     VANISHING ACTS                              2
   (Washington Square,
  $14) By Jodi Picoult.
      A young woman
  confronts the painful
   reality that she was
   kidnapped as a child
    by her own father.
1  LIGHT ON SNOW (Back                            9
0 Bay, $14.95). By Anita
   Shreve The emotional
    repercussions of a
  father and daughter's
     discovery of an
   abandoned infant in
        the woods.
    Nonfiction/General
1    A MILLION LITTLE                            10
     PIECES (Anchor,
  $14.95) By James Frey.
  A former screenwriter
     and drug dealer
      chronicles his
      addiction and
        recovery.
2    WHY DO MEN HAVE                             16
     NIPPLES? (Three
    Rivers, $12.95) By
  Mark Leyner and Billy
   Goldberg. Audacious
  questions to ask your
    doctor after that
     third cocktail.
3  JARHEAD: A MARINE'S                            6
  CHRONICLE OF THE GULF
  WAR AND OTHER BATTLES
     (Pocket, $7.99;
    Scribner, $15). By
     Anthony Swofford
4     IN COLD BLOOD                               6
    (Vintage, $14). By
    Truman Capote Its
     melding of crime
     reportage and a
  novel's structure made
  this account of a 1959
     Kansas murder an
     instant classic.
5 THE TIPPING POINT: HOW                         48
  LITTLE THINGS CAN MAKE
  A BIG DIFFERENCE (Back
     Bay, $14.95) By
   Malcolm Gladwell. A
  look at fads and their
         origins.
6 THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE                         91
  CITY (Vintage, $14.95)
  By Erik Larson. Serial
    killer H.H. Holmes
     preys on Chicago
    residents amid the
    bustle of the 1893
      World's Fair.
7 HIS EXCELLENCY: GEORGE                          3
   WASHINGTON (Vintage,
    $15). By Joseph J.
  Ellis. A biography of
    the statesman from
   British army soldier
    to U.S. president.
8   READING LOLITA IN                            95
  TEHRAN (Random House,
     $13.95) By Azar
   Nafisi. A professor
       recalls her
   clandestine Western
  literature discussion
    groups for women.
9 GUNS, GERMS, AND STEEL                         50
   (Norton, $16.95) By
    Jared Diamond. The
   impact of geography
  and the environment on
      the course of
      civilization.
1  THE GREAT INFLUENZA:                           3
0 THE EPIC STORY OF THE
   DEADLIEST PLAGUE IN
  HISTORY (Penguin, $16)
  By John M. Barry. The
  worldwide toll of the
       1918 virus.
        Hardcover
         Fiction
1  MARY, MARY (Little,                            2
    Brown, $27.95) By
     James Patterson.
    Hollywood's A-list
    stars look to Alex
  Cross to protect them
  from a vicious serial
         killer.
2   LIGHT FROM HEAVEN                             3
   (Viking, $26.95). By
   Jan Karon Father Tim
       endeavors to
       revitalize a
      long-neglected
  mountain church in the
  Mitford Years series'
        swan song.
3     THE CAMEL CLUB                              5
   (Warner, $26.95). By
  David Baldacci A band
  of zealous conspiracy
    theorists stumbles
  across intrigue after
  witnessing a murder on
    Roosevelt Island.
4 THE LIGHTHOUSE (Knopf,                          1
  $25.95). By P.D. James
  Commander Dalgliesh is
   dispatched to Combe
   Island, an isolated
     retreat for the
    well-to-do, where
     murder is afoot.
5     AT FIRST SIGHT                              5
   (Warner, $24.95). By
  Nicholas Sparks Jeremy
     Marsh and Lexie
  Darnell, last seen in
      Sparks's "True
  Believer," are coping
    with the stress of
       engagement.
6   PREDATOR (Putnam,                             5
   $26.95). By Patricia
    Cornwell Forensic
       examiner Kay
   Scarpetta, now based
  in Florida, is stymied
  by a series of bizarre
   slayings and thorny
          clues.
7   A FEAST FOR CROWS                             3
    (Spectra, $28) By
  George R.R. Martin. An
  anxious peace settles
      over the Seven
     Kingdoms in this
      fourth book of
   Martin's epic saga.
8 DARK LORD: THE RISE OF                          1
  DARTH VADER (Del Rey,
    $25.95). By James
    Luceno. The "Star
   Wars" saga picks up
  after the massacre at
     the Jedi Temple.
9  CHRIST THE LORD: OUT                           4
     OF EGYPT (Knopf,
  $25.95) By Anne Rice.
  The Holy Family's trek
  back to Nazareth from
   Egypt, narrated by a
    7-year-old Jesus.
1 ORDINARY HEROES (FSG,                           4
0 $25). By Scott Turow A
  cache of lost letters
    compels a retired
    crime reporter to
      delve into his
   father's often murky
      WWII service.
    Nonfiction/General
1  TEAM OF RIVALS: THE                            5
   POLITICAL GENIUS OF
  ABRAHAM LINCOLN (Simon
   & Schuster, $35) By
  Doris Kearns Goodwin.
  Presidential finesse.
2 TEACHER MAN: A MEMOIR                           2
    (Scribner, $26) By
    Frank McCourt. The
   author of "Angela's
   Ashes" recounts his
    tenure in the NYC
  public school system.
3  THE WORLD IS FLAT: A                          34
   BRIEF HISTORY OF THE
   TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY
    (FSG, $27.50)  By
   Thomas L. Friedman.
   Globalism's colossal
         impact.
4 OUR ENDANGERED VALUES:                          4
  AMERICA'S MORAL CRISIS
    (Simon & Schuster,
  $25). By Jimmy Carter
    Cautioning against
        religious
     fundamentalism's
        influence.
5 FREAKONOMICS: A ROGUE                          33
  ECONOMIST EXPLORES THE
      HIDDEN SIDE OF
   EVERYTHING (Morrow,
   $25.95) By Steven D.
  Levitt and Stephen J.
          Dubner
6    HEALTHY AGING: A                             6
  LIFELONG GUIDE TO YOUR
  PHYSICAL AND SPIRITUAL
    WELL-BEING (Knopf,
    $27.95) By Andrew
       Weil. A new
     perspective for
     staying vibrant.
7  THE YEAR OF MAGICAL                            8
     THINKING (Knopf,
     $23.95) By Joan
   Didion. A memoir of
   grief and mourning;
    winner of the 2005
   National Book Award
     for nonfiction.
8  THE COMPLETE CALVIN                            6
   AND HOBBES (Andrews
  McMeel, $150). By Bill
  Watterson. The cartoon
  strip in its entirety
      from its first
   syndication in 1985.
9     1776 (Simon &                              22
    Schuster, $32). By
     David McCullough
  Military campaigns and
   personal narratives
  tell the story of the
  first full year of the
   American Revolution.
1 THE TRUTH: WITH JOKES  5Rankings reflect sales for the week ended November
0 (Dutton, $25.95) By Al 27, 2005. The charts may not be reproduced without
   Franken. The cheeky   permission from Nielsen BookScan. Copyright © 2005
   satirist's follow-up      by Nielsen BookScan. (Right-hand column of
    to "Lies" aims to      italicized numbers reflects weeks on this list,
        debunk the       which premiered in Book World on Jan. 11, 2004. The
    conservative media   advice/miscellaneous list below reflects sales from
          spin.                        10/31/05 to 11/27/05.)

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                              June 23, 2000 Friday

Busted flat

BYLINE: by Wendy Davis

SECTION: JUDGEMENT CALLS

LENGTH: 782 words

HIGHLIGHT: Now that formerly red-hot dot-coms have plummeted in value, the law
same firms that built up their e-commerce practices must cope with the fallout.


Until April's Nasdaq crash, law firms were investing in their own technology
practices.

Even firms with no particular history of representing startups began to develop
and promote their intellectual property, e-commerce and emerging technology
departments. But now that formerly red-hot dot-coms have plummeted in value, the
same firms that built up their e-commerce practices must cope with the fallout.

While many attorneys predict their clients will survive, they also acknowledge
that the nature of representing startups has changed. With the public markets
all but closed, venture capitalists getting pickier and dot-coms burning through
their cash, high-tech lawyers are retooling their practices.

"The dot-com companies still require a very substantial amount of corporate
work," says Greg Markel, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison's managing partner in New
York. However, he adds, "It's different in mix than it was before."

For instance, instead of taking a company public, the lawyers are advising
clients on refinancing debt, alternative ways of raising money, slowing down the
burn rate, exploring merger options and bartering for services.

Many companies that had planned to make initial public offerings this spring are
especially in need of cash. After their exit strategy was abruptly
short-circuited by the market crash, they had to quickly finagle enough money to
stay afloat.

For instance, Stroock & Stroock & Lavan had papers for nine clients' initial
public offerings drafted and awaiting filing when the crash came. Now those
papers are "sitting on the shelf," says New York partner Anna Pinedo, as the
companies return to their original investors to raise money.

However, the investors are not nearly as free with the funds as in the past.
"The venture capitalists are now being harder on valuation," she says. "A few
months ago, you wouldn't have heard a venture capitalist ask what a company's
burn rate is."

Pinedo adds investors have started to protect themselves by also asking for
collateral; some are hedging their bets against a company's bankruptcy by
demanding a security interest in intellectual property as a condition of a
bridge loan.

Whether there will be a rash of dot-com bankruptcies is still anybody's guess. A
few firms anticipate an increase in filings, but others say it makes more sense
for the smaller dot-coms to either let themselves be acquired or dissolve
without court order than to file for bankruptcy.

"If the assets are worth only a couple of million dollars, it's not clear to me
that it's worth the expense of a bankruptcy proceeding," says Lawrence
Gottesman, head of the bankruptcy practice at New York's Brown Raysman Millstein
Felder & Steiner.

Additionally, since most venture capitalists took equity in the dot-coms,
instead of making loans, the investors are not likely to get their money back in
a bankruptcy.

"In a normal Chapter 11, recovery by equity hovers in the zero range," says
Gottesman. Although sometimes, "A bone will be thrown to equity," he says, it is
more typical for the investors to get next to nothing.

Even if investors can theoretically force a company into bankruptcy or into
restructuring, some lawyers say the venture capitalists are not likely to do so.
When a startup fails, investors "don't sit there and fight over the carcass,"
says Carmelo Gordian, a partner in Brobeck's Austin, Texas, office. "If a
business is not succeeding, the best thing to do is move to the next business."

But other lawyers are heeding the more traditional wisdom that bankruptcies
increase with market downturns. Lawrence Larose, a New York partner in the
financial restructuring department at Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, says most
of his colleagues believe that, "what's gone on in the dot-com world will result
in bankruptcies and restructuring."

Morrison & Foerster is also betting on more bankruptcies. The firm started a
bankruptcy practice in New York in 1999 by hiring Larren Nashelsky from Weil,
Gotshal & Manges. Since then, MoFo has already been involved in one
Internet-related bankruptcy, representing Telia Internet in its acquisition of
the out-of-cash Internet service provider Apex Global Information Services.

As with the initial Web-related legal work, there is little bankruptcy precedent
for the issues most relevant to a struggling dot-com.

"Part of what has made the startup work so successful was the ability to be
flexible and shift," says Nashelsky. "There is no formulaic dot-com bankruptcy.
Everyone's going to be different because the companies are so unique."

Wendy Davis is a reporter for the New York Law Journal, an affiliate of The
Daily Deal.

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Venture Capital

                         Copyright 2000 The Deal L.L.C.


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                            March 4, 1999, Thursday

Affairs of State (Column): State Government Just Keeps Getting Bigger

BYLINE: By DAVID KLINE

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 642 words


In a letter explaining his decision not to run for president, former Gov. Pete
Wilson said the state government got smaller during his tenure in office. He
said he "cut state spending to produce a budget some $ 23 billion less than the
$ 80 billion-plus projected in 1990 by the independent Commission on State
Finance." He additionally "cut the growth of state government, achieving one of
the lowest ratios of employees to population in the nation," he boasted.

Sounds impressive. Spending and government growth both were "cut" during the
Wilson years.

The only problem is, it's all a bunch of hooey. Statistics from the Department
of Finance clearly show that the state now spends more money and employs more
workers than it did when Wilson was sworn in, despite the recession and alleged
"hiring freeze" that took place in the early 1990s.

In Wilson's first year in office, the state spent $ 1,841 for every man, woman
and child in the state. In his last year at the helm, the figure was $ 2,336 per
person. As for state employees, there were 261,713 during Wilson's first year,
and 279,720 when he left office-which might explain where all that extra money
is going.

The ex-governor finagles by using a statistic that shows that these figures
equate to 8.6 employees per 1,000 residents in his first year, and 8.4 employees
per 1,000 residents now. But that statistic is a bit misleading, since it wavers
significantly from year to year, depending upon births, migration and other
population factors. During Wilson's eight years in office, the number went down,
then up, then down, then up again.

To be fair, we should note that Wilson is not alone among former governors who
left the government bigger than they found it. That list includes every governor
who has held office in the past five decades-alas, even Ronald Reagan. Actually,
the trend probably goes back even farther, but the statistics released by the
Department of Finance stop at 1950.

Ah, 1950. That year, the state employed 61,000 people and spent $ 94 per
resident on government expenses. As mentioned earlier, the taxpayers now support
279,720 state workers, to the tune of $ 2,336 per person. Remember that these
numbers do not include federal bureaucrats or local government workers, but
state employees only.

Clearly, government hasn't followed the private sector's lead in using
technological advances to get more work out of fewer employees. Downsizing? The
government has never even heard the word.

Some of the new workers are teachers needed to instruct the children who start
popping up in classrooms when the population triples in size, as it did from
1950 to 1998. Others are prison guards needed to lock up the growing number of
bad guys.

But many, many more are desk jockeys in useless agencies like the Board of
Behavioral Science Examiners, which employs 37 people to make sure marriage
counselors and other social workers are doing their jobs, and the Commission on
the Status of Women, which pays $ 225,000 in salaries so five people can tell us
that women are just as good as men.

These extraneous employees and others like them are taking our freedom, along
with our money. To justify their existence, the employees must promulgate rules
and regulations for others to live by. Nothing can be left unregulated, lest
these people be out of work.

There even exists a Board of Barbering and Cosmetology, responsible for
protecting Californians from bad haircuts. Take a look around and you'll see
that the board is failing miserably. Still, it extracts about $ 8 million from
us each and every year by charging licensing fees to barbers, thereby
artificially increasing the price of a haircut.

Doesn't anybody in the state government realize that hair, like the government
itself, will grow back after it's cut?

(c)1999, Capitol News Service

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Metropolitan News Company


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                            March 4, 1999, Thursday

Affairs of State (Column): State Government Just Keeps Getting Bigger

BYLINE: By DAVID KLINE

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 642 words


In a letter explaining his decision not to run for president, former Gov. Pete
Wilson said the state government got smaller during his tenure in office. He
said he "cut state spending to produce a budget some $ 23 billion less than the
$ 80 billion-plus projected in 1990 by the independent Commission on State
Finance." He additionally "cut the growth of state government, achieving one of
the lowest ratios of employees to population in the nation," he boasted.

Sounds impressive. Spending and government growth both were "cut" during the
Wilson years.

The only problem is, it's all a bunch of hooey. Statistics from the Department
of Finance clearly show that the state now spends more money and employs more
workers than it did when Wilson was sworn in, despite the recession and alleged
"hiring freeze" that took place in the early 1990s.

In Wilson's first year in office, the state spent $ 1,841 for every man, woman
and child in the state. In his last year at the helm, the figure was $ 2,336 per
person. As for state employees, there were 261,713 during Wilson's first year,
and 279,720 when he left office-which might explain where all that extra money
is going.

The ex-governor finagles by using a statistic that shows that these figures
equate to 8.6 employees per 1,000 residents in his first year, and 8.4 employees
per 1,000 residents now. But that statistic is a bit misleading, since it wavers
significantly from year to year, depending upon births, migration and other
population factors. During Wilson's eight years in office, the number went down,
then up, then down, then up again.

To be fair, we should note that Wilson is not alone among former governors who
left the government bigger than they found it. That list includes every governor
who has held office in the past five decades-alas, even Ronald Reagan. Actually,
the trend probably goes back even farther, but the statistics released by the
Department of Finance stop at 1950.

Ah, 1950. That year, the state employed 61,000 people and spent $ 94 per
resident on government expenses. As mentioned earlier, the taxpayers now support
279,720 state workers, to the tune of $ 2,336 per person. Remember that these
numbers do not include federal bureaucrats or local government workers, but
state employees only.

Clearly, government hasn't followed the private sector's lead in using
technological advances to get more work out of fewer employees. Downsizing? The
government has never even heard the word.

Some of the new workers are teachers needed to instruct the children who start
popping up in classrooms when the population triples in size, as it did from
1950 to 1998. Others are prison guards needed to lock up the growing number of
bad guys.

But many, many more are desk jockeys in useless agencies like the Board of
Behavioral Science Examiners, which employs 37 people to make sure marriage
counselors and other social workers are doing their jobs, and the Commission on
the Status of Women, which pays $ 225,000 in salaries so five people can tell us
that women are just as good as men.

These extraneous employees and others like them are taking our freedom, along
with our money. To justify their existence, the employees must promulgate rules
and regulations for others to live by. Nothing can be left unregulated, lest
these people be out of work.

There even exists a Board of Barbering and Cosmetology, responsible for
protecting Californians from bad haircuts. Take a look around and you'll see
that the board is failing miserably. Still, it extracts about $ 8 million from
us each and every year by charging licensing fees to barbers, thereby
artificially increasing the price of a haircut.

Doesn't anybody in the state government realize that hair, like the government
itself, will grow back after it's cut?

(c)1999, Capitol News Service

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Metropolitan News Company


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 30, 2012

Behind the Counter: Chad Horn of Kentucky Lit

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 656  words


"It's more of an expensive hobby than a business," said Chad Horn, owner of
Kentucky Lit on Main Street. Horn sells cigars and books, mostly Kentucky
authors. "The whole reason is to sit down and have an intelligent conversation."

Kentucky Lit started when Horn tried to honor his father, Don. "My family was
involved in the tobacco industry for many generations," he said. They raised
tobacco and owned Farmer's Tobacco Warehouse, which burned down in 2002. "When
the government did away with price supports and the poundage, they decided not
to grow tobacco anymore," Horn said. "I wanted to find a Kentucky cigar to name
after him."

However, there were no Kentucky cigar makers using Kentucky grown tobacco.
Horn's efforts to somehow finagle that cigar into existence led to Kentucky Lit.
"I wanted to have a cigar, so I had to have a tobacco license. To have a tobacco
license, I had to have a business license; To have a business license, I had to
have a shop," he said. He opened the store about a year ago. Today, on the right
hand corner of Horn's desk sits a large display of "Papa Don" cigars, named
after what Horn's children call their grandfather.

It's not an auspicious time to start a cigar store, considering that tobacco
usage has plummeted over the last two decades.

"There are not as many smokers as there used to be," Horn admitted. However, he
likes to go against the grain. He doesn't own a cellphone, he isn't on Twitter,
and he doesn't Skype. In the age of flash fiction, reality television and comic
book movies, Horn prefers the literature that arose from the agrarian movements
of the early 20th Century.

The name of Horn's store might be a pun, but he's not joking when he calls his
shop "Kentucky Lit." He specializes in Kentucky authors, not just the
heavyweights, like Robert Pernn Warren, Hunter S. Thompson and Wendell Berry,
but also the likes of Edgar Cayce and Thomas Merton. "People looking for general
fiction, I send them down to Jerry Sampson's," Horn said. On the other hand, if
someone's looking for a first edition copy of Merton's "Seven Storey Mountain,"
Horn has a whole shelf of them, printed in different colors.

He also has first editions, signed copies, letters, handwritten drafts and
rejected submissions. Horn has the only known copy of Warren's Easter play, "The
Ballad of a Dream of Peace." Horn also authenticates signatures. He is able to
tell at a glance the difference between a signature from Robert Penn Warren and
Robert Warren, a New York-based joke writer who often autographed the other
author's works, apparently as a joke.

"Some things are too rare to be sold or given away," said Horn, pointing to a
Ralph Steadman sketch of Hunter

Thompson that hangs in his store. He knew Thompson well, often babysitting the
author during his readings in Kentucky. Horn, who attended Thompson's funeral in
2005, can point out the books where he's mentioned by name. "Kentucky authors
get classified as regional writers. Hunter S. Thompson was the first to beat
that," Horn said. "He wasn't following anyone."

Horn is a published author himself, with poems in over 50 magazines and two
books of poetry to his credit. However, as with his love of tobacco, there is
something proudly anachronistic to his writing. While the rest of the world has
embraced desktop publishing, Horn hand makes books illuminated like medieval
manuscripts. He loves old things because he appreciates the effort that went
into them.

It's the lack of craftsmanship nowadays that galls him the most. He takes out a
publisher's galley of a poem by Madison Cawein, whom Horn called "one of the
first published poets from Kentucky." Largely forgotten today, Cawein's poem,
"The Wasteland," bears many striking similarities to T.S. Eliot's more famous
poem by that name, which was published later. Horn, who is also a preacher,
holds the rare document reverently. "When they put out something, they did it
with care," Horn said.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Human Interest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Harrodsburg Herald


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

TV Saturday

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 362  words


Movie: The Internship

Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson star as two old-school, unemployed salesmen who
finagle internships at Google, then must compete with younger, smarter
candidates for prime positions. (Slice )

Movie: The Innocents Henry James ' s spooky novella The Turn ofthe Screw has
been adapted for film, theatre and even the operatic stage, but perhaps never as
effectively as in this spellbinding yet subtle 1961 black and white film from
director Jack Clayton. Deborah Kerr is heartbreakingly good as a neurotic
governess who suspects her two new charges are possessed by the spirits of the
previous governess and her lover. (TCM )

American Housewife The show stars Katy Mixon (Mike &; Molly ) as Katie Otto, a
confident, unapologetic, plump wife and mother of three, raising her flawed
family in the wealthy town of Westport, Conn., filled with " perfect " mommies
and their " perfect " offspring. (CTV )

Movie: Empire of the Sun Widely dismissed as a pretty yet hollow film upon its
1987 release, Steven Spielberg ' s account of an English boy ' s life in a
Second World War internment camp in Japaneseoccupied China has met with more
enthusiasm from critics and audiences in recent years, although Owen Wilson ,
left , and Vince Vaughn star in The Internship. Allen Daviau ' s Oscar-nominated
cinematography was loudly applauded from Day 1. Twelve-yearold Christian Bale is
at the centre of the film, which also stars John Malkovich. (Encore )

Movie: R. L. Stine ' s Mostly Ghostly: Have You Met My Ghoulfriend ? Ryan Ochoa
stars as teenager Max Doyle, who is smitten with beautiful classmate Cammy
Cahill (Bella Thorne , Scream ). When he finally scores a date for Halloween,
Phears (Charlie Hewson), an evil ghost with plans to take over the world,
unleashes his ghouls and things go haywire. (The Family Channel )

Movie: The Brothers Grimsby Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 agent
(Mark Strong) joins forces with his dim-witted brother (Sacha Baron Cohen) to
save the world from a sinister plot in this broad 2016 British-American action
comedy that Cohen also co-wrote. (The Movie Network ) !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun
Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Local man faces fraud and extortion charges for $7M scam

BYLINE: Tom McLaughlin, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 293 words


Nov. 26--Stephen Alford has spent his career trying to score the big deal.

Unfortunately for him, he keeps getting caught.

His last major scam, selling off Okaloosa Island beach property owned by the Air
Force, earned Alford 10 years in federal prison.

Now the 56-year-old area man is facing multiple felony charges for his alleged
efforts to finagle $6 million profit out of a $7 million deal to purchase North
Light Marina in Niceville.

An Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office report filed by FBI agent Steven Harker
accuses Alford of committing investment fraud and identity theft. Harker is a
"cross sworn" special deputy of OCSO, Alford's arrest report said.

Alford's own son, Alexander, who Harker identified as a victim of the deception,
has agreed to testify on the state's behalf, according to the arrest report.

The scam was discovered by sifting through evidence collected at Alford's home
following an August raid.

Alford was charged with fraud and extortion at that time.

Harker said a review of the seized material uncovered a deal in which Alford
sought "fraudulently and with false representation (to) execute a $7 million
real estate investment contract" for the purchase of the North Light Marina.

His plan was to then assign the investment contract to a third party.

Alford would then "realize a sizeable financial gain of approximately $6
million," the arrest report said.

The report said Alford used the name of his son, Alexander Alford, and another
local man, Kevin Bush, to establish a limited liability corporation he needed to
perpetrate the crime.

___ (c)2015 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151126-FO-Local-man-faces-fraud-and-extortion-charges-for-7M-scam-1126-2015112
6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2015 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Automotive News

                                January 23, 2012

GM warns allocation scammers;
Dealers bend rules to get hot models

BYLINE: Mike Colias; mcolias@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 86

LENGTH: 1000  words

DATELINE: DETROIT


General Motors is cracking down on dealers who it says are "gaming" its
vehicle-ordering system to finagle more cars and trucks than they deserve - a
problem that has grown as retailers struggle to get popular models in light of
GM's tighter production schedules.

In a Jan. 9 memo to its 4,500 U.S. dealers, GM said it has uncovered
"significant ordering and reporting abuses" by some dealers trying to snag more
vehicles. GM acknowledged that a shift to a "lean-inventory environment" is
prompting some dealers to break the rules.

The memo threatens to punish violators with fines of $500 per incident, cutting
off incentive cash or terminating their dealer agreements.

One practice cited by GM: "false transfer of products," which can inflate
dealers' sales figures or artificially shrink their inventory. Both result in a
higher number of units being allocated under GM's so-called turn-and-earn
system, which parcels out vehicles based on past sales volumes and inventory
levels.

A sham transfer could work like this: A dealer moves five GMC Acadias from one
of his stores to another, or even to a fellow dealer's lot, just before GM takes
its monthly survey of his inventory. The dealership's inventory will appear
smaller than it truly is, so GM will direct more Acadias his way the following
month.

Another tactic: bogus "sold orders." When a dealer places an order for a
customer who has put down a deposit, that order moves to the front of the line
of GM's allocation system. But often there's no buyer waiting, and the vehicle
simply goes onto the lot. GM estimates that 30 percent of its supposedly sold
orders arrive at dealerships with no customers waiting to buy the vehicles, says
one person familiar with the matter.

The crackdown underscores just how sharply GM's production strategy has changed
from a few years ago, when the company was stuffing dealers' lots with more
vehicles than retailers could handle. That led to profit-eroding discounts that
crippled resale values and contributed to GM's 2009 bankruptcy.

Now dealers often are begging for hot models, with some resorting to phony
orders and other sleights of hand to juice their allocation.

"We're clamoring for cars. The production system right now can't keep up with
what dealers want," says Greg Heinrich, a dealer with three Chevrolet stores in
Nevada.

GM's memo, signed by the vice presidents of sales for Chevrolet, Cadillac and
Buick-GMC, says dealers who use "falsely reported transactions" are violating
their dealer agreements. An accompanying document adds: "The leaner production
and inventory environment has unfortunately resulted in extensive 'gaming' of
the system."

Officially, GM worries about liability exposure: If dealers report false
transactions, it makes it harder for GM to notify customers of safety recalls,
the memo says.

But it's also a potential sales problem. GM's allocation system is designed to
get cars and trucks to dealers who can turn them fastest. If some dealers are
intercepting vehicles destined for others, it could impede overall sales.

"It's important that GM gets the product where it's going to turn most quickly,"
says Steve Hurley, dealer principal at Stingray Chevrolet in Plant City, Fla.,
and co-chairman of the Chevrolet National Dealer Council. Hurley says the
council supported GM's scrutiny of the gaming issue because "dealers are
concerned about fairness."

Behind the games

Two main factors are driving dealers to bend or break GM's rules to get more
vehicles.

1. Tighter inventory. GM and the other Detroit automakers have abandoned their
previous "push" model of jamming dealer lots and are more closely matching
production with demand. GM dealers still are getting used to having fewer models
and trim levels on their lots.

As of Jan. 1, GM dealers across all brands had a 67-day supply of vehicles, down
from 86 a year earlier - but above the days supply levels at Chrysler, Ford,
Volkswagen, Toyota, Honda and Hyundai.

Dealers always fight to get hot products, but it's gotten tougher over the past
year. The Chevy Equinox and GMC Terrain crossovers, as well as the GMC Acadia,
Chevy Cruze and some trim levels of the Chevy Silverado and Suburban were scarce
at certain times last year, dealers say.

2. Volume-based bonus cash. Most GM dealers get cash for every retail vehicle
they order under an incentive program GM started in late 2009. To reward dealers
for improving customer service through better employee training or for facility
renovations, for example, GM's Essential Brand Elements program pays quarterly
cash bonuses based on order volumes. The more vehicles dealers are allocated,
the bigger their bonuses.

That program has become a lifeline for dealers. It can mean $50,000 a year for
small dealers and $1.5 million or more for large ones. Many dealers say it can
make the difference between staying in the black or not.

GM spokesman Tom Henderson says the automaker has found only a "small number" of
dealers who have been cheating. He says GM routinely scans for improper vehicle
transfers and other methods dealers might use to inflate their allocations.

'Nip it in the bud'

"There was a pattern that was identified. We decided to go ahead and issue the
policy to nip it in the bud before it became pervasive," Henderson said.

Lynn Thompson, a Springfield, Mo., dealer who sells Buick, GMC and Cadillac
vehicles, says it has taken time to adjust to GM's tighter inventories. He
relies on dealer trades - a common practice that doesn't violate GM's rules -
far more than he did in the past.

He still ends up short occasionally. Over the past year, Thompson has gone more
than a month at a time without any GMC Terrains on his lot, although
availability has improved recently.

"If dealers are working the system to get more inventory than they deserve,
that's hurting me," he says. "I guess down here in the country I'm not smart
enough to work the system, nor do I want to."

But when he calls his zone rep about getting more cars, he says, "I'm not
against begging."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AN


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 15, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Endorsement ban not fair, consistent

BYLINE: Michael McCarthy

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 299 words


Take it easy there, Walter Cronkite.

There's nothing wrong with sportscasters having endorsement deals. This is
America. Does anybody care if Chris Berman appears in Nutrisystem commercials?

This has gone on forever. NBC's John Madden was a marketing machine, pitching
everything from video games to foot fungus treatments (Remember "Tough Actin'
Tinactin?"). Fox's Howie Long pitches Chevrolet. NFL Network's Deion Sanders,
Rich Eisen and Mike Mayock touted Pepsi Max.

My problem with these guidelines is they don't apply equally. If you're going to
ban third-party endorsements, do it. Don't finagle around and carve out
exceptions for, and I quote: "players, coaches and administrators who are
engaged as analysts and for whom such endorsements are part of the sports
coverage/reporting landscape." Translation: The heavy breathers who Bigfoot it
around Bristol a few days a week get to keep their commercial perks. But Erin
Andrews has to give up her Reebok deal. Ditto for up-and-comers Scott Van Pelt
and Jenn Brown. Can you say double standard?

There's a conflict of interest here but not with the talent, Mike. ESPN traded
airtime, plus the commercial inventory, to LeBron James and Jim Gray for their
execrable special The Decision. Even former ombudsman Don Ohlmeyer blasted ESPN
for that.

You covered marketing, Mike. You know the Holy Grail for Madison Avenue is to
stick commercial messages inside, rather than around, TV programming.

What a coinkydinky. We're seeing more commercial "enhancements," such as the
"Budweiser Hot Seat," "Subway Fresh Take Hotline" and "Coors Light Cold Hard
Facts" on ESPN than ever before.

I applaud ESPN for opening its books Monday about who endorses what. But mostly
they're blowing smoke. So are you.

I'm one of the Open Mikes, and I approved this message.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

COURTSIDE;
Abundant talent

BYLINE: Anthony L. Cuaycong

SECTION: Pg. S2/5

LENGTH: 336 words


Last week, Celtics president of hoops operations Danny Ainge was asked about the
possibility of Paul Pierce suiting up in another uniform for the 2010-11 season
of the National Basketball Association and beyond. And to his credit, he gave a
candid reply; "I don't know," he told the talking heads at a local radio
station, "because [the team captain] may be able to get a long-term contract
somewhere else." Unfortunately, it was nowhere near what fans expected in light
of the swingman's continued importance to the cause of the old green and white.

Ainge was right, of course; the Celtics' best player could conceivably generate
significant interest as a free agent and thereby finagle terms from suitors that
his current employer may be hard-pressed to match. As things stand, though, the
scenario is remote at best, never mind that Pierce has already signified his
intent to opt out of the last year of his contract. To begin with, there are
other relatively more desirable assets in the market; as good as he is, and as
productive as he remains, he comes off as small fish in the so-called Summer of
LeBron.

Concomitantly, conventional wisdom has Pierce lumped together with Dirk
Nowitzki, who has no intention of leaving the Mavericks, but whose official
status as a free agent affords a number of advantages. Apart from the prospect
of acquiring a guaranteed deal lasting well beyond the expiration of the
collective bargaining agreement between players and owners next year, there is
likewise the no-trade benefit a new accord can bring. In other words, the two
all-stars are taking a step back (they're forfeiting one year and $21.5 million
apiece) in order to move two ahead (they stand to gain four years and up to $96
million).

Thus, Celtics habitues need not fret. In all likelihood, Pierce will keep
plodding on in New England. And on the slim chance that he won't, Ainge will
certainly aim to get a suitable replacement. After all, talent is at an
abundance, and opportunity cannot be spurned when it knocks.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

COURTSIDE;
Dangerous venture

BYLINE: Anthony L. Cuaycong

SECTION: Pg. S2/8

LENGTH: 497 words


Avid fans of Evander Holyfield - and, yes, there are more than a handful - still
remember the promise he made in an interview with BBC Radio in Scotland. "I'm
gonna fight, be the heavyweight champion of the world one more time," he told
Sports Weekly with a straight face. "Then I'm gonna write another book and tell
everybody how I did it." Never mind that he made the pledge seven months ago, or
that he was, by then, nearly half a year removed from his last bout, a largely
uneventful set-to against then- reigning World Boxing Organization titleholder
Sultan Ibragimov that resulted in a loss by unanimous decision. For his
supporters, what mattered was that he remained in good shape, and that he
continued to covet success inside the ropes; given his commitment, the occasion
would present itself in due time.

As things turned out, Holyfield and his followers were right. Yesterday, the
so-called Real Deal managed to finagle a deal that would have him contest the
World Boxing Association belt against current owner Nikolai Valuev. And assuming
his lawyer thumbs up the contract, which would net him, according to ESPN, "less
than $750,000," he will be exchanging blows five days before Christmas in either
Germany or Switzerland. "It's the lowest amount I've ever made for a
championship fight, but I'm just appreciative I got the opportunity," he
disclosed.

All things considered, it's clear why Holyfield would want to take to the ring
anew, his advancing age and lack of competitive exposure notwithstanding. For
one thing, he stands to make history if he accomplishes his objective of
claiming a fifth heavyweight belt. For another, his paycheck looks to go a long
way; for all his popularity, he is evidently short on funds, what with, among
other concerns, a local bank foreclosing on his $10-million Atlanta estate, the
mother of his 10-year- old son haling him to court for nonpayment of child
support, and a landscaping firm likewise filing suit in order to collect half a
million dollars in allegedly unpaid services.

Then again, there's a reason the New York State Athletic Commission has banned
Holyfield from donning his gloves in the Big Apple since 2005, and it's not
because he is akin to wine that gets better with the passage of time. He's
turning 46 this month, and while he may prefer throwing uppercuts to selling
cooking implements in television infomercials in order to alleviate his
financial burden, his latest pugilistic venture cannot but be considered
dangerous. After all, he's facing a seven-foot, 325-pound behemoth who's at
least a decade younger than him.

Unfortunately, Holyfield has always chosen to march to the beat of his own drum,
and, as far as he's concerned, he's not missing his date with destiny. Needless
to say, his backers think he has more than a puncher's chance of proving critics
wrong. For his sake, the overwhelming majority that forms the rest of the world
hopes he can at least emerge from his upcoming undertaking in one piece.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 3, 2002 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

KURT ANSWERS CAN BE THE BEST KIND;
 WARNER IS HAVING FUN WITH HIS TIME IN THE SPOTLIGHT

BYLINE: Kathleen Nelson Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


No airs, no cares.

Rams quarterback Kurt Warner maneuvered the distractions and pitfalls of Super
Bowl week with the casual grace of a seasoned veteran. Which, after living
through the week's hassles two years ago, he is.

"You don't know anything about this until you get here and have been through
it," he said. "You kind of have to feel your way through. You think you know,
but the media is a little different here," as is Warner's approach to it the
second time around.

One day, he arrived for a briefing unshaven and untucked, greeting the hundreds
of journalists with a hearty "Good morning!" The next, he shuffled through the
crowd. Without the ubiquitous NFL escort, he moved unimpeded and unnoticed. His
relaxed and unassuming demeanor has made him all the more appealing to the press
and public.

"When you're in this position, a lot of people want to know what you think," he
said. "Whether that's right or wrong, I'm going to take advantage of the
opportunity."

Opportunities for good, clean fun have abounded. He treated the offensive
linemen to dinner at Mike Ditka's on Monday. Free from the constant rehashing of
the rags-to-riches story, he smiled his way through Media Day, trying to finagle
an invitation as a guest on "The Rosie O'Donnell Show" with members of her
staff.

He got back to work Wednesday in the team's first practice and didn't return to
the hotel until after 7 p.m. "I ran down and got a quick bite to eat, then I was
back in my room preparing for the next day."

His wife, Brenda, arrived Thursday, the rest of his family on Friday. Between
practices, studying the game plan and family time, "There's not a whole lot of
time to do anything." No trips to Bourbon Street. No gambling. No late nights,
even though the team has imposed no curfew.

He guessed that he would have time Saturday to "maybe watch Disney movies, maybe
a little ESPN. But most of the time, I'll be reading the Bible and studying the
play book."

Warner dreaded the time he would have to kill before the game on Sunday, calling
it the nerve-wracking day. "You don't know what to do. You can't turn on the TV
because all they're doing is talking about the game."

To pass the time, Warner planned to get up early and eat, then try to go back to
sleep, "so I don't think about the game. The more I think about it, the more I
look at the game plan, and the more excited I get. Last time, the nap didn't go
too well. I was sitting up, thinking about the game."

Warner normally provides a thoughtful and earnest response to every question. To
a fault. Warner used the week's media barrage to prove that he, too, is capable
of a one-liner or two:

* The honor of "one last question" Wednesday fell to a reporter from Japan, who
announced he had "three questions."

"Well, then, good morning, Japan!" Warner said.

"Can you promise the Japanese audience that you will score a touchdown?"

"Can you analyze your style, compared to McNabb and Bledsoe?"

"If Hollywood or Japanese movies offered you a part, would you accept it?"

To which Warner quipped, "Any more?"

When the laughter died, he gave a thoughtful and earnest answer to each, in
order.

* When asked if a temptation-infested place like New Orleans was his kind of
city, he said: "If there's a Super Bowl here, that makes it my kind of city. As
far as all the other stuff in the city, it's not my kind of city."

* When asked whether he remained fervent in reading the Bible, he responded:
"Still reading it. Don't have it memorized yet."

* He must have been asked a half-dozen times what he planned to do if the Rams
won. He gave that thoughtful and earnest answer the first five times, variations
on the themes of no drinking, being surrounded by teammates and family, stepping
back and savoring the moment.

On the last, he gave the sound bite.

"I'll have a Coke and a smile."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: SUPER SUNDAY; Rams insight; Rams vs. Patriots; Reporter Kathleen Nelson;
E-mail: knelson@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 314-340-8233

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo by J. B. FORBES/POST-DISPATCH - Kurt Warner
has found ways to turn the Super Bowl week into an enjoyable experience.; (2)
Graphic/chart - Kurt Warner's performances in the Louisiana Superdome;
Year           Cmp. Att. Yards TD Int. Rating;Dec. 12, 1999 21   31    346   2
  1   113.1;Dec. 24, 2000 12   17    133   1  1     88.6;Dec. 30, 2000 24   40
    365   3  3    83.9;Dec. 17, 2001 23   32    338   4  0   145.6;(3)
Graphic/logo - Super Bowl XXXVI, St. Louis Rams, New England Patriots;

TYPE: PROFILE; KURT WARNER

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                  June 3, 2011

The Floods in Mississippi;
Punishment From an Angry God?

BYLINE:

Water surrounds the Bethlehem MB Church in the King's Community neighborhood on
May 17, in Vicksburg, Miss.

SECTION: Arts & Culture; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1378 words


THE  POLYMATH

by Jay

Michaelson

Is God punishing the Deep South? In May,  a series of devastating tornadoes
ripped  through Missouri and Alabama, and as  this article goes to press, more
than a  third of Joplin, Mo., has been devastated.  Swaths of greater Memphis,
Tenn., are  underwater, while levees have been opened all  along the Mississippi
River to relieve the pressure.

Not surprisingly, the usual voices of theodicy  have currently fallen silent.
After all, this isn't  New Orleans, Japan, Haiti, Indonesia or northern  Israel
all of which were, according to various  quacks and/or former chief rabbis of
Israel, sinful  places deserving of divine wrath, as meted out  by earthquakes,
tsunamis, hurricanes and wildfi res. This is the Bible Belt. If any place should
be beloved of God (the right-wing God, that is),  this should be it.

Equally unsurprising, those of us on the more  progressive end of the religious
spectrum are

also silent. We're not  rushing to judgment,  as our more conservative
colleagues usually  do. After all, most  of us don't believe in  heavenly
justice being  expressed as meteorology.  And even if we did,  most of us would
hesitate  before ascribing a

given weather event to the Hand of God.

The reticence  even repulsion  that most of  us feel about theologizing based on
human tragedy  is, I think, a symptom of a wider alienation.  All but a tiny
fringe of American Jews have given  up on theodicy, the branch of theology that
deals with how God metes out reward, punishment  and justice. We may mouth the
words on  Rosh Hashanah, but most contemporary Jews  (even Orthodox ones) don't
really believe that  God punishes wicked individuals and rewards  righteous
ones. Certainly the ones I know don't.  Rather, they, and we, find ways to
finagle traditional  dogma. God works in mysterious ways.  Justice may happen
collectively or over decades   even centuries. And so on.

Let's face it, though: These explanations are  quite different from the clear
pronouncements  of Deuteronomy  included in the second paragraph  of the Sh'ma
that God rewards the good  and punishes the bad, in worldly ways and,  indeed,
with weather events. (If you faithfully  obey the commandments  I will send rain
on  your land in its season . [If] you turn away and  worship other gods and bow
down to them, then  the Lord's anger will burn against you, and he  will shut up
the heavens so that it will not rain.  Deuteronomy 11:13 17)

Once, we must assume, such beliefs must have  provided great comfort and
consolation, which  is why they took hold for so many centuries. In  the face of
seemingly random disease, devastation  and disorder, theodicy holds forth the
promise  of meaning and justice. God orders the world,  despite its seeming
chaos.

But today? God may not be dead, but theodicy is.

The usual explanation for its demise, of course,  is the Holocaust. After
Auschwitz, some say, theodicy  is obscene. How could anyone say that God
protects the righteous after the gas chambers?

Yet I don't think it's just the Holocaust. Survivors  of the horrible massacres
of 70, 136, 1096, 1492  and 1648 knew as much unimaginable pain as  those of
1945. They, too, saw their worlds turned  upside down. Yet in response to such
events, they  tended to seek comfort from traditional theology   not to cast it
aside. After those crises, the pious  atoned for their sins and prayed to the
righteous  judge to exact His revenge.

Such traditional explanations were offered in  response to the Holocaust  but
only on the fundamentalist  fringe. A few ultra-Orthodox rabbis,  most notably
the late Satmar rebbe, have said  that the Holocaust was collective punishment
for assimilation. Others said it was necessary for  the founding of the State of
Israel: Auschwitz  was the birth pangs of the birth pangs of the  messianic age.
In and of themselves, these views  are not without precedent. Did innocents
suffer?  Yes. Was there great evil on the part of the  Nazis? Yes. But that was
also the case with the  Temple destructions in Jerusalem. The theodicy  that
Jews recite every day as part of the Sh'ma is  framed in collective, not
individual, terms  and  God's will is expressed through human agents.  Nothing
new there.

Why, then, do such explanations seem so outrageous,  even disgusting? Precisely
a tenet of the  faith that once provided comfort now inspires

The failure to make  difficult choices is,  itself, a choice.

rage. Why?

I think most Jews have rejected theodicy,  whether in Majdanek or on the
Mississippi, not because of facts, but  because of values. Even if a judging God
could be squared with the Holocaust,  we don't want it to square. Such a God  is
cruel, vengeful, abusive, distant, cold  and authoritarian. And here on Earth,
His  believers are encouraged to be arrogant,  presumptive and callous.

What, after all, is the right response to  the floods, tsunamis and earthquakes
of  recent years? I told you so? And what  is the spiritual faculty called upon
by  vengeful theodicy? Guilt? Terror? All of  us have such feelings from time to
time,  but few progressives seek to deify them  or to ascribe them qualities of
holiness.

At the same time, I come not to bury  theodicy, but to call for its
resurrection.  Progressive religionists err when we consign  theodicy to the
reactionaries. We strip  religion of some of its primary functions:  to inspire
us to be better people, to provide  a bigger picture of order behind the surface
of disorder, and to connect us to the  worlds and communities in which we live.

How does this relate to the news from  Louisiana? Well, as it happens, many of
these recent extreme weather events are  a kind of punishment  not in the
conservative-theological sense of tit-for-tat  justice meted out by an Abusive
Father on  High, but in the more progressive-theological  sense of unforeseen
consequences of  reckless human actions. As a species, we  are reaping what
we've sown. Climate scientists  have said for years that global climate  change
will lead to more frequent  severe weather events, and now those  events appear
to be here. This isn't quite  the same as Deuteronomy's Cosmic Cop,  but it is a
useful reminder of responsibility  and causality. We created this situation
because of greed and lack of wisdom. And  now, here are the consequences.

None of this depends on talk of punishment  and sin. This is about actions and
consequences  a bit like the Buddhist  notion of karma, but without the magical
thinking. Let's translate Deuteronomy  13 into contemporary language: When we
turn our back on values like respect, sustainability  and responsibility, when
we  turn toward idols of greed and ignorance,  the earth will turn against us.
No puppet  master behind the scenes, and no need to  anthropomorphize or deify
Mother Earth  herself. Just cause and effect. We were  greedy, and here's the
result.

This is a theodicy I could teach to children.  There is no such thing as a free
lunch. Ignoring a problem does not make  it go away. The failure to make
difficult  choices is, itself, a choice. And what some  people do (or don't do)
affects other people   including innocent people, like  the recent victims of
the tornadoes and  floods. We are all connected, and we're  all in this
together.

These are the kinds of religious conclusions  I'd like to take away from the
human tragedies in Tennessee, Alabama  and around the globe. While they reject
anthropomorphic theodicy that has  been buried by science, genocide and  the
progress of human understanding,  they flow from a worthy religious source.
They are consonant with a contemporary  theology, they teach important lessons
and they help human beings in times  of crisis understand how actions have
consequences.

And finally, they are meant to engender  compassion and responsibility rather
than  the condescension of those who think  they know the mind of God. Bad
things  happen to good people. Sometimes we  can't do anything about them, and
oftentimes  they make no sense whatsoever.  Then again, sometimes there are
things  we could have done, and still can do. In all  cases, our response should
be more compassion,  more generosity  and, where  possible, more determination
to prevent  such evil from happening again.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Floodwaters High:; GETTY IMAGES
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved
