
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            June 22, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 392 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the sheriff's department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Cecil R. Andrews - 45, Hope, failure to appear/drug trafficking in marijuana,
$10,000 bond.

Jason D. Beckham - 25, Oldtown, failure to appear/check fraud-issuing checks on
closed account, $5,000 bond.

Christopher  Hermsmeier 33, Spokane, parole violation/possession of
methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Yvette Y. Huselton - 37, Troy, Mont., failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, $10,000 bond.

Brian W. Palmlund - 27, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/burglary, $88 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Ross  Alden - 41, Orlando, Fla., failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Robert H. Brewer - 65, Alameda, Calif., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $541 bond.

Kenneth W. Brown - 52, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$550 bond.

Edward L. Dorscher - 46, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$441 bond.

Brent G. Evans - 45, Concrete, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $725 bond.

Ralph A. Gray - 61, Denver, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Craig R. Hanson - 54, Spokane, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
five days in jail.

Gary L. Head - 40, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Tod  D. Hymas - 41, Weaverville, Calif., failure to comply/driving while
suspended, possession of marijuana, $418 bond.

Kenneth Kleinknecht - 59, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $392 bond.

David E. McClure - 43, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$547 bond.

Steven T. Mellick - 41, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$491 bond.

Steven D. Ruef  - 37, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$541 bond.

John N. Trickler - 46, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$416 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 19, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

These 12 dudes are off to the 'Idol' races tonight

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 608 words


Gentlemen, start your voices! American Idol's semifinals begin tonight (Fox, 8
ET/PT) with performances by the top 12 men. The dozen remaining women sing
Wednesday. Songs from the '60s will be featured, marking the first time Idol has
tried a theme week during the semifinals. Viewers' votes after each show will
eliminate the bottom two men and two women, a result that will be revealed on
Thursday's show.

Contributing: Marco R. della Cava, Fox, AmericanIdol.com

David Archuleta, 17

Resides: Murray, Utah

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: David, a Miami-born high school junior, performed  on Star Search.
He plays the piano and sang with an a cappella choir.

Musical influences: Natalie Cole, Stevie Wonder, Kirk Franklin,  Bryan Adams.

Colton Berry, 18

Resides: Staunton, Va.

Audition city: Charleston, S.C.

High notes: Colton began singing in church at 5, mentors elementary school music
students and is active in community theater.

Musical influences: Eclectic-plus. "Anything and everything and everybody."

Robbie Carrico, 26

Resides: Melbourne, Fla.

Audition city: Miami

High notes: Robbie has been

in two groups, Boyz-N-Girlz United and Missing Picket, and enjoys  racing cars.
He worked as a painter with his father.

Musical influences: Jonathan Davis, Brent Smith of Shinedown, Rob Thomas.

Jason Castro, 20

Resides: Rockwall, Texas

Audition city: Dallas

High notes: Jason was studying Construction Science at Texas A&M University. He
played drums and was in a band, Keeping Lions.

Musical influences: Ray LaMontagne, Kirk Baxley.

David Cook, 25

Resides: Tulsa

Audition city: Omaha

High notes: David graduated from Central Missouri State University in 2006. He
plays guitar and has been in two bands, Axium and MWK.

Musical influences: Our Lady Peace, Big Wreck.

Chikezie Eze, 22

Resides: Inglewood, Calif.

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: Before Idol, Chikezie worked as a cashier and a TSA screener. He
studied singing at Santa Monica College.

Musical influences: Donny Hathaway, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye.

Danny Noriega, 18

Resides: Azusa, Calif.

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: Danny, a recent

high school graduate, has been singing since childhood and likes  to dance. He
loves animals.

Musical influence: Fantasia.

Jason Yeager, 28

Resides: Branson, Mo.

Audition city: Dallas

High notes: Jason started singing at age 2 and was a member of  boy band True
This. He can play guitar, piano and drums. His  hometown is Grand Prairie,
Texas.

Musical influences: Journey, Boyz II Men, Michael Buble, Josh Turner.

Garrett Haley, 17

Resides: Elida, Ohio

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: High school junior Garrett, who also lived in Alamosa, Colo., has
performed in local talent shows and high school musicals.

Musical influences: Steve Perry, Backstreet Boys.

David Hernandez, 24

Resides: Phoenix

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: David was a longtime resident of Glendale, Ariz., home  of Jordin
Sparks, and performed  in Arizona Idol. He has been in bands Tribet and Straight
Up.

Musical influences: Stevie Wonder, Donny Hathaway, Anthony Hamilton, Michael
Jackson.

Luke Menard, 29

Resides: Crawfordsville, Ind.

Audition city: Omaha

High notes: Luke, a graduate of Millikin University in Decatur, Ill., worked for
a Chicago finance company.  Later, he began touring with a cappella group
Chapter 6.

Musical influences: James Taylor, Take 6, John Mayer, Maroon 5.

Michael Johns, 29

Resides: Los Angeles

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: Born in Perth, Australia, Michael moved to the USA in 1998 and
attended Abraham Baldwin Agriculture College in Tifton, Ga.  His band, The
Rising, was on Madonna's Maverick Label.

Music influences: Neil Finn, Queen, INXS, David Bowie, AC/DC .

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 4, 2009 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 8/4/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 391 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Erin E. Quinn, 6 Seabrook Court, Montgomery Village, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: minors; waived
to court.

Joshua H. Minnich, 535 Girard Ave., Apt. 11; criminal mischief-damage property;
held for court.

Jenna R. Brown, 123 N. Albemarle St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment; waived to court.

Tony R. Crenshaw, 565 W. Market St.; retail theft (3rd offense); waived to
court.

William J. Eigo, 431 N. Newberry St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving on roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Michael A. Funk, 601 Edgewood Road; driving under the influence/general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving
under the influence: controlled substance-combination of alcohol and drugs, no
rear lights; waived to court.

Shannon Mendoza, 106 N. Diamond St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, reckless driving; waived to court.

David S. Fox, 7802 Camp Ernie Road, Abbottstown; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Denzel Swan, 334 E. King St.; flight to avoid apprehension/trial/punishment;
waived to court.

Ebony A. Evans, 308 S. Pershing Ave.; hindering apprehension/prosecution,
obstruct administration of law; waived to court.

Kimberly J. Langeheine, 57 Ridgeway Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Juan Quiles, 201 Eastwood Ave., Providence, R.I.; simple assault, theft by
unlawful taking, retail theft; held for court.

Thomas P. Vickers, 30 N. Penn St., Windsor; theft by unlawful taking, intent to
possess controlled substance by person not registered,
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 10, 2005 Saturday

Russian pundit says USA losing influence in Central Asia

LENGTH: 502 words


A Russian pundit has suggested that the USA's influence in Central Asia has
lessened due to what he described as miscalculations in that country's foreign
policy and its ignorance of local traditions. The following is an excerpt from
report by Russian news agency Regnum on 9 December:

The USA has been compelled to shift from the strategy of unlimited expansion to
the strategy of limited expansion of its influence in the world, Russian expert
Zurab Todua, author of books on the Caucasus and Central Asia, has said. He made
the remark in an interview with the Regnum news agency, after attending a
conference dubbed "Central Asian energy market: trends and prospects", which
ended in Tashkent today.

"I agree with the view of the rapporteur who told the meeting that one of the
current serious changes in the world is that the USA has been compelled to shift
from the strategy of unlimited expansion to the strategy of limited expansion,"
the expert said.

Todua believes that this is happening because the USA has been making mistakes
in its foreign policy by rashly blowing its resources in Iraq, Afghanistan and
the Balkans and so on, and, consequently, has lost its influence in Central
Asia. He thinks that after the mistake committed, the USA "does not have the
resources needed, and as a result, its influence in Central Asia is lessening".

"Moreover, the USA's mistakes with regard to Uzbekistan during the Andijon
events - during which it [USA] did not fully understand the situation and
underestimated it - had led to the fact that Uzbekistan had radically
reconsidered its attitude to that country," he said.

Discussing US policies, the expert said the USA's expansion had not made the
world a safer place.

"Everyone was hoping that following the break up of the Warsaw Pact and the
collapse of the Soviet Union, the confrontation would disappear with the help of
the USA, and that the world would become more predictable. However, the country
tried to influence the world the way Washington wanted. As a result, this had
induced contradiction in the interests of the countries, to which the USA had
tried to 'help' by offering its own model of democracy," Todua said.

[Passage omitted: Todua says the situation in Kyrgyzstan has been causing
anxiety ever since the former Kyrgyz president, Askar Akayev, was ousted by the
March public uprising]

"Every country has its own historic experience, culture and many other specific
features and democracy is a long process which should take place with the
consideration of the aforementioned features," Todua said.

He also predicted a change of power in Georgia. "In my opinion, Saakashvili will
be overthrown from his post after a short lapse of time," he said.

Todua thinks that Georgia has not become "a more democratic country" with his
[Saakishvili's] arrival. "On the contrary, it has turned into a country where
opposition and the media are suppressed and the economic situation has
deteriorated," he said.

Source: Regnum, Moscow, in Russian 1920 gmt 9 Dec 05

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2005 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 17, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 07/17/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 887 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Donald Gregory Jr., 720 Maryland Ave.; disorderly conducts; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Jason Meckley, 35 N. Gotwalt St., rear; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Carol Meckley, 35 N. Gotwalt St., rear; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Michelle Garrett, 5768 Senft Road, Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Wade Corley, 60 S. Beaver St., Apt. 3; disorderly conduct; found guilty, served
time.

George Helwig, 35 Dogwood Lane, Manchester; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Vladimir Rivera, 538 Lamour St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Shari Fogle, 826 Latimore St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Travis Bartgis, 1691 Shookstown Road, Frederick, Md.; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Alicia Lanni, 93.5 S. Washington St., Rochester, N.Y.; tax violation; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Bradley Ketterman, 834 N. Duke St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Delba Lopez, 615 E. South St., Apt. 2; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Heather S. Brown, 610 W. Philadelphia St.; unsworn falsifications, alcohol by
minor; waived to court.

Denise Y. Whidbee, 828 W. Poplar St.; false report/falsely incriminate another,
false identification to police, driving under suspension, no insurance, exhibit
another driver license, unregistered vehicle; waived to court.

Jamar A. Miller, 534 N. George St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, no headlights; held for court.

Eric R. Gue, 601 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, stop signs/yield signs; waived to court.

Joshua Caban, 712 W. Mason Ave.; criminal conspiracy-theft from a motor vehicle,
theft from a motor vehicle; waived to court.

Juan Quiles, 201 Eastwood Ave., Providence, R.I.; criminal trespass-enter
structure, criminal mischief-damage property; waived to court.

Aubrey Brown, 1319 Mount Rose Ave.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
David W. Taylor Jr., 33 Center St., Hanover; wage tax violation; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; retail theft; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; school law; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Robert Thomas Cichelli, 13 Pine St., Hanover; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
possession and display or license; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Michael J. Smith, 380 Pine Drive, New Oxford; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
control of property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Kevin Eugene Stoneroad Sr., 2551 Murkle Road, Westminster, Md.; PA Fish and Boat
Commission; general boating regulations; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

David Wayne Clark, 180 Sara Lane, Hanover; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
violation of Commonwealth rules and regulations, control of property; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Mary Beth Serina, 428 Hazle St., Tamaqua; harassment; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Jesus Diaz, 830 West Alvin St., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
the influence: controlled substance, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of drugs and alcohol, drivers required to be licensed,
careless driving; waived to court.

Pamela Dawn Shane brook, 50 Black Rock Road, Apt. 2, Hanover; driving under the
influence: controlled substance, driving vehicle at safe speed, careless
driving; held for court.

Stephanie Lynn McSher ry, 116 Lion Drive, Hanover; terroristic threats, simple
assault, harassment; held for court.

Robert Joseph Renz, 421 S. High St., Hanover simple assault, harassment; waived
to court.

Jedediah David Lurz, 22 Lisawood Court, Hanover; aggravated assault, simple
assault; held for court.

Charles Backenstose, Chester County Prison; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered; waived to court.

Brian Douglas Paul, 3231 Grandview Road, Hanover; simple assault, unlawful
restraint; waived to court.

Michael Lee Rill, 634 Frederick St., Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
reckless driving, careless driving, driving vehicle at safe speed; waived to
court.

Tony Allen Phillips, 2565 Black Rock Road, Hanover; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

David Scott Peterson, 4639 Grandview Road, Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
disorderly conduct, disorderly conduct-obscene language/gestures, harassment;
waived to court.

David Wayne Potter, 281 3rd St., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, careless driving;
held for court.

Luis Miguel Cruz, 398 York St., Suite 3, Hanover; simple assault, harassment,
public drunkenness; waived to court.

Justin Zane Hess, 306 Courtney Court, Spring Grove; retail theft; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 24, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Teens put parental influence first, but some see it fade

BYLINE: Karen S. Peterson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1110 words


Fifteen-year-old Jenifer Scheyer says it is impossible for her
to name just one major influence in her life.

"My life is a big mix, with so many influences. I'd like to say
my parents first, and people like Michael Jordan and other athletes
and movie stars when they do stuff that looks cool, and models
and girls' magazines," says Jenifer, of Northbrook, Ill.

"I also have some close friends I trust to influence me and also
my boyfriend. And what my parents tell me really does affect me.
You have to put all these things together and make a choice yourself."

Jenifer is addressing the premise of a new book on influences
on children, The Nurture Assumption (The Free Press, $ 26).

The volume is sparking a fiery debate among child-development
specialists over which influences kids more: parents or the wider
world. Author Judith Rich Harris claims that what parents do,
other than passing along their genes, makes little difference.

Although they may lack the perspective of the experts, members
of USA TODAY's Teen Panel, including Jenifer, are eager to join
the debate.

About half say nobody influences them more than their parents.
The other half -- mostly older panelists -- aren't so sure. Parental
influence was crystal-clear when they were younger, but now peers
and other outsiders have the edge.

"My parents had a great deal of effect up until I was in middle
school," says Will Shelton, 16, of Knoxville, Tenn. "The things
they taught me I still remember and hold to, but at this age in
high school your friends have a whole lot of influence. My religion
does have influence. And some teachers: My history teacher last
year had a great deal of influence. He was just very honest. If
he said something, he meant it."

Ari Goldberg, 16, of Boca Raton, Fla., says the swerving to peers
begins sooner than middle school. "As soon as a child starts
school, he is with friends and teachers from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
He's with his parents two hours over dinner, and then everyone
goes to sleep."

By middle school, Ari says, the child is truly more under the
influence of peers than parents and even less apt to talk with
his folks about "sex, drugs and alcohol." The fallout is diverse.
For the child, the lessening influence of parents is "a good
thing because he is not enslaved to his parents' ideas," Ari
says. "It's a bad thing because he tends to drift away from his
family. And it is a natural thing because that is the way nature
takes it course."

Mike Baab, 16, of Seattle says parents are very important, "but
your environment totally changes how you turn out. Your friends
are way up there." If parents were the most important influence
on a child, siblings would turn out more alike, he says.

Body piercing seems to be a line of demarcation between parental
and peer influence. "A week ago I got my tongue pierced," says
Tighe Herren, of Louisville. "I was influenced by my friends
who did it. I am 18, going to college, beginning my own life,
and it is a statement of individuality."

Tighe says that by about age 13 parental influence is replaced
by peer influence. "I think you start realizing you are your
own person and can make your own decisions, consider all your
options, rather than simply following blindly what your parents
want you to do."

Greg Bailey, 18, of Dallas has had an eyebrow and his tongue pierced,
acts that were "absolutely not influenced by my parents." He
absorbs "a lot of influence from the culture I hang with around
the clubs, with the band I play with," Greg says. "I definitely
have a lot of influence from my friends. I'm rarely home anymore."

Peer influence is not always benign, some teens say. Even some
of his friends in his advanced study program "are not totally
serious about studying, and that affects me," says Mario Francisco
Penalver, 17, of Puyallup, Wash. "There is peer pressure, and
that tells me I should be a lot more focused."

But then again, parental influence is not always totally positive,
says Jennifer Twitty, 17, of St. Louis. "That is why some cycles
can't be broken in families, with domestic violence, drinking."
Some kids are so influenced by the negative behavior of parents
that they perpetuate the unhealthy patterns, she says.

She is one of many panelists who believe that, although peers
are important, parents are still No. 1. "Your parents instill
your values. If not, you would not know what to believe, and you
would believe anything," Jennifer says.

Family life is "very important" to Michelle Chin, 17, of Haworth,
N.J.

"I got my values and morals from my parents, and I interpret
the outside influences from that base," she says.

Monica Dupre, 16, of New Orleans says she still listens more to
her parents than her peers. "I feel they are wiser than my friends,
they have had more experiences, and they love me and would not
lead me in the wrong direction."

Monica's dad has a particular gift for "reading people from the
first or second time he meets them."

She recalls: "He told me about this boy, from the first time
I brought him home, that he was trouble. And I was like, 'Oh,
you don't even know him.' I found out later that he was a real
weirdo."

Her parents are the most influential people in her life, says
Jolina Kwong, 17, of Portland, Ore. "I go to them for everything,
on school matters, on everyday problems. They have my interests
at heart, and my siblings and I have a lot of respect for them."

Jason Leonard, 16, of Silver Spring, Md., cites an influence that
supersedes that of his parents. "I put God at the top; second,
my parents and other family members who preach to me and keep
me on the right track; my grandparents, who talk to me all the
time."

You can talk, Jason says, about the negative influence of movies,
music and peer pressure. "But if parents raise their kids with
love from just little babies and take them to church, discipline
them, take control of their lives and make sure nothing bad happens
to them, their children will know right from wrong." At 19, Mark
Bailey of Hyde Park, Mass., is preparing for college and feels
reflective. Nobody has been more influential than his folks. "I
have been very lucky with my parents. Seeing how they live their
lives helps me decide how to live mine."

Of course, Mark says, "everyone has problems with parents. I
remember when I was 14, I thought, 'These people are crazy.' But
the older I get, the more it seems I should have listened to them
more right from the beginning. They knew what they were talking
about."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          November 29, 2006 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 12/01/2006

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS
Bryan Lee Cleveland, Rose of Sharon, Etters; forgery; held for court.

Eduardo Gonzalez, Roosevelt Avenue; theft by unlawful taking movable property;
fugitive.

Jennifer Haman, Lake Meade Drive, East Berlin; driving under the influence;
waived.

Martin Sellers, York Road, Dover; statutory sexual assault; waived.

Andrew Pierson, Clover Street, Etters; possess weapon on school property;
waived.

Bruce Wagaman Jr., North Main Street, Manchester; statutory sexual assault;
waived.

Allison Hoke, North Center Street, Fredericksburg, Lebanon County; driving under
the influence; waived.

Amanda Perricone, Naamans Road, Claymont, Del.; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Michael Lamay, Charles Street, Highspire, Dauphin County; harassment; waived.

Ronald Klawitter, New York Avenue, Camp Hill, Cumberland County; driving under
the influence; waived.

Shuron Poole, Vernon Street, Harrisburg; marijuana small amount personal use;
held for court.

Richard Hedin, Cartref Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived.

Bruce Gardner, Umberto Avenue, New Cumberland; terroristic threats; held for
court.

Wayne King Jr., Oakland Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived.

David R. Evans III, Red Barberry Drive, Etters; theft by unlawful taking movable
property; fugitive.

Naomid Gonchigsharav, East 10th Street, Jeffersonville, Ind.; driving under the
influence; waived.

Dava Wynn, PO Box 574, Hershey, Dauphin County; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived.

Crystal Hoffman, Oakland Road, Dover; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver; waived.

Gabriel Torres, East Prospect Street; driving under the influence; fugitive.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 7, 2008 Monday

Crime Watch for 07/08/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 225 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Joshua L. Talarico, 20 Logan Heights Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving under the
influence: combined alcohol/drug, driving on roadways laned for traffic,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Nathaniel J. Williams, 468 Salem Ave.; false reports/falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police, resisting arrest, escape, flight to
avoid apprehension/trial/punishment; waived to court.

Richard P. Sillaman, 2300 Putnam Lane, Crofton, Md.; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: minors; held for court.

James F. Baucum, 303037 Quarter Creek Lane, Richmond, Va.; simple assault,
harassment; waived to court.

Alexander Perez, 47 Eberts Lane; false reports/falsely incriminate another,
false identification to police, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Robert S. Parks Jr., 714 Lancaster Ave.; criminal mischief/damage property,
criminal trespass/actual communication to, theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 22, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 375 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, charge and bond amount. Anyone with information on
these people is asked to contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417 or
the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Billy D. Cummings - 47, Sandpoint, failure to comply/sexual abuse of a minor
under age 16, $50,000 bond.

Joseph K. Cooper - 33, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, $10,000 bond.

Juan E. Cipriano -  42, Corvallis, Ore., vehicular manslaughter, $20,000 bond.

Michael W. Barton - 47, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $3,000 bond.

Donald R. Rasor - 46, Sandpoint, burglary, grand theft (two counts), $50,000
bond.

Misdemeanors

Ross Alden -  Orlando, Fla., failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Mark A. Bairley - 38, Detroit, failure to comply/driving while suspended, $548
bond.

Valerie A. Bannatyne - 47, Kimberly, British Columbia, Canada, failure to
comply/driving under the influence, $704 bond.

Dale E. Berry - 65, Everett, failure to comply/driving under the influence, $17
bond.

Robert H. Brewer - 67, Alameda, Calif., failure to appear and failure to
comply/driving under the influence, driving without privileges, $542 bond.

Kenneth W. Brown - 53, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Timothy F. Burke - 41, Kootenai, violation of a civil protection order, $5,000
bond.

John M. Cota -  62, Seattle, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $500 bond.

Jeffrey D. Goddard - 34, Lynnwood, Wash., possession of a controlled substance,
$2,000 bond.

Valerie D. Hefner - 25, Athol, failure to purchase a driver's license, $300
bond.

Michael D. Hilgers - 50, transient, failure to appear/disturbing the peace,
$2,000 bond.

Jon A. Muha - 41, Grants Pass, Ore., trespass, $500 bond.

James P. Quinlan - 18, Spokane, petty theft, $1,000 bond.

Joanna M. Wahobin - 24, Ponderay, failure to purchase a driver's license, $300
bond.

Jonathan O. Woodworth - 19, Post Falls, possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use, $1,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County Courthouse and paying a fine.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            December 18, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O11

LENGTH: 329 words


James Lee Dekker III, 22, of the 4700 block of Bars Drive in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence Aug. 22, 2005, and was sentenced to 12 months'
probation and fined $810.

Alicia Marie Atchison, 24, of the 200 block of Caldwell Circle in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence Sept. 26, 2005, and was fined $810.

George Paul Roese III, 55, of the 1300 block of Aylesbury Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 8, 2005, and was fined $810.

Alex Lee Spargur, 19, of the 4700 block of Cold Springs Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 23, 2005, and was sentenced to 30
days in jail.

Stephan Edward Kinzli, 22, of the 400 block of Blue Ridge Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence July 29, 2005, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $810.

Umana Lobo Mainor, 35, of the 100 block of Villa Road in Greenville, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 1, 2005, and was fined $810.

Camille M. Klippel, 48, of the 100 block of Craft Road in Belton, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 7, 2005, and was fined $810.

Ralph Eugene Carithers, 45, of the 1200 block of Klondike Drive in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence Sept. 16, 2005, and was fined $810.

Andrew Eric Boylston, 21, of the 4400 block of Belair Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 28, 2005, and was fined $810.

Donny Kerry Johnson, 46, of the 900 block of Macks Road in Harlem, was charged
with driving under the influence on Sept. 13, 2005, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $835.

Mariano Lucus-Rios, 29, of the 200 block of George Street in Aiken, was charged
with driving under the influence Oct. 31, 2005, and was sentenced to 90 days in
jail.

Jamie Lee Monroe, 20, of the 1000 block of Waltons Pass in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence Nov. 5, 2005, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    November 28, 2003 Friday, NORTH EDITION

Leominster roadblock nets 10 arrests

BYLINE: George Barnes; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: LEOMINSTER


- A Turkey Day roadblock on Route 12, set up by state police to discourage
holiday drunken drivers, netted 10 arrests late Wednesday and early yesterday
morning.

Another drunken-driving arrest was made in the same area just prior to the
roadblock being set up, and two people in vehicles stopped at the roadblock were
placed under protective custody.

State police Sgt. John Gentile said Thanksgiving is a time of increased drunken
driving both by people celebrating the holiday and people attending high school
class reunions. The roadblock is used both as a visible reminder of the
penalties faced by drunken drivers and to get dangerous drivers off the roads in
dangerous locations.

''Where we set up on Route 12 is a high accident location,'' Sgt. Gentile said.

Twelve state troopers, three sergeants and a lieutenant set up the roadblock at
about 11 p.m. Wednesday on Route 12 near Route 2 and were soon making arrests.

The roadblock was set up under the direction of state police Major Martha
Catalano, with Lt. Robert Hart in command of the enforcement team.

Sgt. Gentile said roadblocks are set up under a specific set of guidelines in
areas where state police have seen a high incidence of alcohol-related
accidents.

''Safety is a priority,'' he said.

Just prior to the roadblock being set up, Sgt. Gentile said he stopped and
arrested Tawanda S. Marume, 22, of Columbus, Ohio.

Ms. Marume was charged with operating under the influence of alcohol, following
too close and a marked lanes violation.

The first roadblock arrest came not long after when state police arrested Julian
Morillo, 43, of Nashua, N.H.

Mr. Morillo was arrested and charged with operating under the influence of
alcohol and failure to dim lights.

Other arrests at the roadblock included Conniejean Bonelli, 34, of 35 Second
St., Fitchburg, charged with driving under the influence of alcohol; Daniel
Silverano, 35, of 12 Florence St., Leominster, charged with driving under the
influence of alcohol; Amy J. Lamarche of 81 Pleasant Terrace, Leominster,
charged with driving under the influence of alcohol; Jesus Mendoza, 30, of 47
Longwood, Ave., Fitchburg, charged with failure to stop on the signal of a
police officer, unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle and driving under the
influence of alcohol; and Michael J. Lynde, 27, of 4 Orient St., Worcester,
charged with driving under the influence of alcohol.

Also arrested were, Alfred J. Perla, 56, of 53 Grandview Ave., Leominster,
charged with driving under the influence of alcohol; Peter Michaels, 69, of
Prospect Heights, Leominster, charged with driving under the influence of
alcohol; Edward G. Summere, 20, of 92 Birchcroft Road, Leominster, charged with
driving under the influence of alcohol; and Nat-King Rosa, 29, of Lowell,
charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, driving after suspension of
license and providing false information to a police officer.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                             April 22, 2013 Monday

Wiz Khalifa and A$AP Rocky to Headline 'Under the Influence of Music' Tour

BYLINE: Jessica Letkemann, Billboard

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 386  words


Wiz Khalifa and co-headliner A$AP Rocky chose the date 4/20 to announce their
'Under the Influence of Music' 2013 summer tour together which also includes
B.o.B, Trinidad James, Joey Bada$$ and Pro Era on the bill.


The 20-date Under the Influence of Music tour kicks off July 17 in San Francisco
and brings Khalifa, A$AP Rocky and the rest of the lineup down the West Coast,
and stops in parts of the South, the Midwest, major East Coast cities, as well
as Montreal and Toronto, before ending in Cincinnati, Ohio on August 11.


PHOTOS: The Scene at Coachella Music Festival 2013


Most shows' tickets will go on sale via LiveNation.com on April 27 with Denver's
going on sale May 11. The on sale date for Boston has not yet been announced.
Details for a ticket presale are included on Wiz Khalifa's website.


In addition to the headliners and the other main acts, the tour will include
appearances by Berner, Chevy Woods and Smoke DZA. Trinidad James is scheduled to
perform at all of the dates except for San Francisco.


VIDEO: Hip-Hop's Bling-iest Music Videos of All Time


2013's trek isn't Wiz Khalifa's first Under the Influence of Music tour. The
2012 edition also featured co-headliner Mac Miller.


See the 2013 Under the Influence of Music tour dates below:


July 17: San Francisco, Calif. (Shoreline Amphitheatre) July 18: Irvine, Calif.
(Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre) July 19: Chula Vista, Calif. (Sleep Train
Amphitheatre) July 21: Albuquerque, N.M. (Isleta Amphitheater) July 23: Denver,
Colo. (Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre) July 25: Austin, Texas
(Austin360Amphitheater) July 26: Houston, Texas (Cynthia Woods Mitchell
Pavilion) July 28: Dallas, Texas (Gexa Energy Pavilion) July 30: Tinley Park,
Ill. (First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre) July 31: Clarkston, Mich. (DTE Energy
Music Theatre) August 1: Bristow, Va. (Jiffy Lube Live) August 2: Holmdel, N.J.
(PNC Bank Arts Center) August 3: Pittsburgh, Penn. (First Niagara Pavilion)
August 4: Noblesville, Ind. (Klipsch Music Center) August 6: Wantagh, N.Y.
(Nikon at Jones Beach Theater) August 7: Mansfield, Mass. (Comcast Center)
August 8: Hartford, Conn. (Comcast Theatre) August 9: Montreal, Quebec; Canada
(Parc Jean Drapeau) August 10: Toronto, Ontario; Canada (Molson Canadian
Amphitheatre) August 11: Cincinnati, Ohio (Riverbend Music Center)


Twitter: @billboardbiz

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2013 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              July 13, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O09

LENGTH: 307 words


Michael T. Cunningham, 41, of the 400 block of Fairfield Way in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 6, 2008, and was fined $810.

Lisa Marie Brawner, 43, of the 400 block of Bristol Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 8, 2008, and was fined $810.

Gralyn Devonne Harris II, 23, of the 900 block of Windmill Parkway in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 27, 2008, and was fined $810.

Karen Mims Carroll, 31, of the 2000 block of Caton Drive in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on May 8, 2008, and was fined $810.

Lovie Elizabeth Lynn, 33, of the 2100 block of Sylvan Lake Drive in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence on April 24, 2008, and was fined
$810.

Torrey Terrill Graham, 25, of the 1000 block of Amli Way in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on May 11, 2008, and was sentenced to 24 months
probation and was fined $835.

Jorge Luis Aguilar, 20, of the 100 block of Barrel Lane in Athens, Ga., was
charged with driving under the influence on April 19, 2008, and was fined $810.

Noe Patino Ramos, 38, of the 1400 block of Coplin Avenue in Guntersville, Ala.,
was charged with driving under the influence on May 13, 2008, and was fined
$810.

Fredrick Eugene Pittman, 52, of the 4300 block of Roswell Court in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 29, 2008, and was sentenced to
36 months probation and was fined $810.

Timothy Alan Ard, of the 100 block of Spring Drive in Graniteville, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence on May 23, 2008, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $810.

Mary Ann Johnson, 49, of the 100 block of Maredo Drive in Aiken, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence on June 5, 2008, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 13, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O15

LENGTH: 469 words


Scotty Matthew Gibbs, 24, of the 300 block of Ashley Mill Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence June 25, 2004, and was fined $785.

Jamie Lynne Collier, 24, of the 4000 block of Bridlewood Trail in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence Nov. 20, 2004, and was fined $785.

Harriet Lugenia Bullard, 48, of the 3400 block of Mistletoe Road in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence June 9, 2004, and was fined $785.

Robert M. Faile, 47, of the 3300 block of Dougs Road in Chattanooga, Tenn., was
charged with driving under the influence Jan. 1, 2005, and was fined $785.

Johnnie Early Chestnut, 32, of the 500 block of Edgefield Street South in
Wilson, N.C., was charged with driving under the influence Jan. 7, 2005, and was
sentenced to 60 days in jail.

Kenneth Patrick Glenville, 68, of the 200 block of Yuma Court in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence Nov. 5, 2004, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $1,215.

Marcy L. Thompson, 33, of the 1700 block of Edgefield Road in North Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence Nov. 12, 2004, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and three months of rehabilitation and was fined $1,485.

Diana Lynn Widener, 34, of the 1100 block of Newman Road in Harlem, was charged
with driving under the influence Oct. 16, 2004, and was fined $785.

Robert P. Epps, 55, of the 700 block of Reynolds Road in Grovetown, was charged
with driving under the influence Dec. 4, 2004, and was fined $785.

Edward Leon Eidson, 50, of the 200 block of Langston Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 31, 2004, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $1,485.

Jennifer Leigh Diller, 24, of the 100 block of Long Creek Way in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Nov. 20, 2004, and was fined $785.

Lauren Marie Heath, 22, of the 5700 block of Carriage Hills Drive in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence Nov. 26, 2004, and was fined $785.

Charles Davis Hanks, 63, of the 400 block of Parkway Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence Aug. 29, 2004, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $1,485.

Kathryn Donna Oglesby, 55, of the 3000 block of Twin Oaks Road in Wrens, Ga.,
was charged with driving under the influence July 24, 2004, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $785.

Robert Michael Deese, 28, of the 2200 block of Country Club Court in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence May 4, 2003, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $725.

Timothy Ruffin, 43, of the 100 block of Whiskey Road in Grovetown, was charged
with driving under the influence July 25, 2004, and was sentenced to 12 months'
probation and was fined $1,180.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday

Crime Watch for 05/21/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Daniel A. Dincher, 2837 Lawndale Road, Finksburg, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: controlled substance/impaired ability, driving under the influence:
controlled substance/combination of drug/alcohol; waived to court.

Jason S. Smith, 1181 Fairview Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Anthony F. Hammond IV, 418 Piedmont Circle; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: minors, alcohol by minor, careless
driving; held for court.

Luis R. Valentin, 585 W. Princess St.; false identification to police, drivers
required to be licensed; waived to court.

Seth Svenson, 34875 Cherry Log Lane, Dagboro, Del.; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Chad McKinsey, 3632 Fox Chase Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
served time.

Aaron Samuels, 1120 W. Market St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Rebecca Hunter, 25 Jewel Drive; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Bradley Crump, 70 Lawson Court; truancy; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Chad Day, 3037 Englewood Court, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jeffrey Kline, 924 W. Princess St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Sandro Meaden, 39 Old Church Road, Hellam; barking dogs; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Apryl Keeney, 2723 S. Queen St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Elizabeth Stambaugh, 24 N. Sumner St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Joseph Blakeslee, 199 Highview Drive, Airville; tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Jeffrey J. Clements, 951 N. Queen St.; intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 19, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 622 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Kootenai County

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for any information about the following people who are
identified by name, age, last known city of residence, charge and bond amount on
the warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's department at
(208) 446-1300.

Felonies

Jeffrey D. Cameron - 34, Coeur d'Alene, probation violation/aggravated assault,
$30,000 bond.

David C. Huse  - 46, Coeur d'Alene, probation violation/felony driving under the
influence (two counts), $50,000 bond.

Brian M. Lamb - 26, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/felony driving under the
influence, providing false information to law enforcement, obstructing officers,
inattentive driving, driving under the influence, $60,000 bond.

Jeffrey D. Pryse - 46, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/felony driving under the
influence, battery, $30,001  bond.

Dennis J. Woitas  - 41, Hayden, failure to appear/felony driving under the
influence, no bond.

Misdemeanors

Michael D. Adams - 44, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/disturbing
the peace, $5,000 bond.

Brian T. Beck - 30, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/driving under the
influence, $15,000 bond.

Kevin B. Bell - 43, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/driving under
the influence, domestic battery, telephone harassment (four counts), driving
while suspended, $27,500 bond, six days in jail.

Robert A. Bentley - 43, Bayview, misdemeanor probation violation/possession of
paraphernalia, encouraging violation of the youth rehabilitation act,  $10,000
bond.

Dane J. Bowers - 22, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/obstructing
officers, $10,000 bond.

Michelle L. Collett - 43, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/driving under
the influence, failure to appear/driving under the influence, driving while
suspended, $5,000 bond, five days in jail.

Stephen C. Cotsford - 51, Pinehurst, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, failure to appear/driving under the influence (two counts),
$20,000 bond, five days in jail.

Michael E. Couture - 38, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/inattentive
driving, failure to appear/battery, $15,000 bond.

Rich A. Ellenberger - 36, Hibbing, Minn., misdemeanor probation
violation/driving under the influence, possession of paraphernalia, $20,000
bond.

John H. Estes III - 45, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, driving while suspended, failure to appear/domestic
battery, driving under the influence, invalid driver's license, possession of
marijuana, possession of paraphernalia, $37,000 bond.

Jerry L. Jordan - 53, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, eluding officers (two counts), failure to appear/driving
under the influence, $15,000 bond, 10 days in jail.

Jesse L. Kingsley - 20, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/possession
of paraphernalia, failure to appear/trespass, $16,500 bond.

Nicole C. Sprankle - 20, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/invalid
driver's license, providing false information to law enforcement, $40,000 bond.

Stanley K. Tillemans  - 47, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, $8,000 bond.

Lesley J. Williams - 36, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/injury
to child, failure to appear/driving under the influence, $10,000 bond.

* Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted felons can
be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home page at
http://co.kootenai.id.us/sheriff

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          February 20, 2013 Wednesday

Afghan TV talk show discusses rivalry of foreign countries in Afghanistan

LENGTH: 769 words


India is very concerned about Pakistan's role in Afghanistan because of its own
national interests, university lecturer Nasrollah Stanekzai said on Tolo TV
(Daud Soltanzoy programme) on 19 February.


"I think a meeting between Afghanistan, India and Pakistan would be good... No
doubt whoever has a lot of influence in an area and in international relations
can benefit a lot. I think that India is very interested in a [trilateral]
meeting more than Afghanistan and the USA. I think that Indians are concerned
about the withdrawal of NATO forces in 2014," Stanekzai said. "The concern is
that they are in fear of Pakistan's influence and the concern is because that
country is increasing its influence [in Afghanistan]. Naturally, the borders and
interests of India will be affected inside that country. For this reason, I
think that there is no doubt that India has an influence in the region as a
regional power. The influence has been fluctuating since the establishment of
India and Pakistan. However, over the past 11 years, we should not doubt that
India has less influence in our own country... We should not forget that India
as an economic power in the region and even as an economic power among the 20
major industrial countries in the world is counted as a factor at international
level that will have more influence because of its economic power. Experience
has shown that India has been the major economic donor to Afghanistan over the
past 11 years, and this provides an opportunity for India to have influence,"
Stanekzai said.


A military analyst, Wahid Mozhda, believes that Pakistan cannot play a role in
Afghanistan anymore and that the USA in favour of India' influence in
Afghanistan. "Pakistan is concerned that it has lost its role among the people
of Afghanistan and it is not able to play its previous role. It is India whose
role is important in Afghanistan and Americans are trying to strengthen the
role," he remarked.

Aziz Rafi, head of Civil Society, told the programme: "Civil Society's biggest
concern is the discussion of social stability of Afghanistan. We have fallen
victim to regional and international political games . What is India's concern?
India's biggest concern is Afghanistan turning into a safe haven for terrorism
and Afghanistan returning to the Taleban regime, which will mean India having no
access to the natural resources of Central Asia and to the big market that India
is in dire need of. The two routes that connect India to natural resources are
Afghanistan and Pakistan. This means that it has to go through Pakistan. Thus,
discussion about Afghanistan is vital for India."

Iran

Analyst Wahid Mozhda says the USA is preparing in Afghanistan to launch a war
against Iran, and adds that it is Afghans who are the victims of the war between
the two countries. "Iran is concerned about the USA's presence in Afghanistan
because it feels that it is threatened from here. Thus, Iran's role and giving
assurance to that country is very important, but has not been given yet. Iran is
accused of providing a big part of assistance to the armed opponents. However,
Americans have not said anything about Iran such as how they assist the
resistance movement [armed opponents] of Afghanistan because it should not be
guessed in the West that Iran is putting pressure on the USA. The fact is that
one of the factors the USA is concerned about is Iran's role here. Iranians will
become more concerned taking into consideration the situation in Afghanistan.
Although the foreign forces are withdrawing from Afghanistan, hundreds of
millions of dollars are being contracted for the US bases inside Afghanistan
considering the fact that the USA's economy is not good," Mozhda said.

"Afghanistan does not have a single war plane, but new runways are being
constructed in the bases... I think that the USA has a major intention here
before 2014... We should not ignore a big intention in the region. If the
Taleban remain the way they are, and Americans abandon Afghanistan and only
10,000 troops are deployed here, the war will continue and it will be a
corrosive war for the USA. Although Afghans are killed here, it is the USA that
is paying the price of the war. I think that the USA has big goals in the region
before 2014 and regrettably Afghans will fall victim to this. I heard that at a
meeting between Ahmadinezhad and Mr Karzai in China, he [Ahmadinezhad] told him
that Afghan villages should be away from the US bases and that if war begins
they have no option but to [attack US bases in Afghanistan.]" Mozhda concluded.

Source: Tolo News, Kabul, in Dari 1530 gmt 19 Feb 13

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          February 20, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ladies tune up for the '60s

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 636 words


It's ladies' night on American Idol. The top 12 women will sing '60s songs
tonight (Fox, 8 ET/PT), one night after the top 12 men sang. On Thursday's
results show (8 p.m. live ET/tape-delayed PT), the two men and the two women
with the fewest viewer votes will be eliminated.

Contributing: Bill Keveney, Marco R. della Cava, Fox, AmericanIdol.com

Joanne Borgella, 25

Resides: Hoboken, N.J.

Audition city: Philadelphia

High notes: Joanne, a New York native, has worked as a plus-size model. She
makes jewelry and designs clothes.

Musical influences: Whitney Houston, Celine Dion, Barbra Streisand,  Andrea
Bocelli.

Kristy Lee Cook, 24

Resides: Selma, Ore.

Audition city: Philadelphia

High notes: At one point, Kristy was signed with Britney Spears' production
company.  She has raised and trained horses, and she plays the piano.

Musical influences: LeAnn Rimes (for her album, Blue), Shania Twain.

Amy Davis, 25

Resides: Cedar Lake, Ind.

Audition city: Dallas

High notes: Amy earned a bachelor's degree in horticulture at Purdue, where she
is now a graduate student. She has performed with the Amy Davis Trio and Echoes
of Pompeii, a Pink Floyd tribute band.

Musical influence: Patty Griffin.

Asia'h Epperson, 19

Resides: Joplin, Mo.

Audition city: Atlanta

High notes: Asia'h was a waitress at two restaurants and enjoys dancing and
acting. She has  a passion for makeup and fashion.

Musical influences: Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, Christina  Aguilera, Toni
Braxton.

Alexandrea Lushington, 17

Resides: Douglasville, Ga.

Audition city: Atlanta

High notes: Alexandrea is a junior in high school who plays the piano, sings in
the school choir and  belongs to the drama club.

Musical influences: The Beatles, John Mayer, Alicia Keys, Nikka Costa.

Kady Malloy, 18

Resides: Houston

Audition city: Dallas

High notes: Kady, a former restaurant singer, can do vocal impressions,
including Britney Spears, and plays the tambourine.

Musical influences: Freddy  Mercury/Queen, Elton John, Billy Joel, Eva Cassidy,
Led Zeppelin.

Ramiele Malubay, 20

Resides: Miramar, Fla.

Audition city: Miami

High notes: Ramiele was born in Saudi Arabia and lived in the Philippines as a
youngster. She plays the piano and guitar and worked as a hostess at a sushi
restaurant.

Musical influences: Aretha  Franklin, Jackson 5, Mariah Carey, Lani Misalucha,
Regine Velasquez.

Syesha Mercado, 21

Resides: Miami

Audition city: Miami

High notes: Syesha belonged to the Drum Studio All-Stars band and has a
background in theater and dancing. She grew up in  Sarasota, Fla.

Musical influences: Whitney Houston, Etta James, Alicia Keys, Zap Mama,  Aretha
Franklin.

Amanda Overmyer, 23

Resides: Mulberry, Ind.

Audition city: Atlanta

High notes: Amanda is a health care specialist who is working toward a
bachelor's degree in business management. In her spare time, she rides a
motorcycle.

Musical influences: Creedence Clearwater Revival, Guns N' Roses, Bob Seger,
Janis Joplin

Carly Smithson, 24

Resides: San Diego

Audition city: San Diego

High notes: Carly, a Dublin native, moved to L.A. at 13 to pursue a singing
career. MCA spent $2 million putting out her first album, which had weak sales.
She ran a tattoo shop with her husband.

Musical influences: Heart, Celine Dion, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Ray Charles.

Alaina Whitaker, 16

Resides: Tulsa

Audition city: Dallas

High notes: Alaina, a junior in high school, began singing at 4 and has
performed at festivals throughout Oklahoma.

Musical influences: Martina McBride, Faith Hill, Patsy Cline, Christina
Aguilera, Celine Dion.

Brooke White, 24

Resides: Van Nuys, Calif.

Audition city: Philadelphia

High notes: Brooke, who grew up in Phoenix and Mesa, Ariz., was a nanny before
Idol. She plays the piano and guitar and performed as a solo artist with a
backup band.

Musical influences: James Taylor, Carole King, Fleetwood Mac, Elton John, Stevie
Wonder, the Eagles.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS by FOX
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. C3

LENGTH: 688 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases Oct. 17 - Nov. 4, 2005

Aaron L. Brown, 34, Lamoine, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

Charles G. Brown, 38, Ellsworth, violating protective order; violating condition
of release; jury trial.

Jamie L. Brown, 25, Hancock, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500; speeding 30 plus mph more than posted speed, jail 48 hours;
violating condition of release, jail 30 days.

Bryan Byther Jr., 24, Bucksport, criminal mischief, dismissed.

Jorge E. Castillo, 28, Baltimore, Md., operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, jury trial.

Douglas C. Cegelis, 30, Ashville, N.C., operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Lori Conlon, 19, Blue Hill, operating vehicle after registration suspended,
dismissed.

Shain M. Cook, 28, Lamoine, criminal trespass, dismissed.

Emery A. Deabay, 50, Bucksport, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, not guilty.

Scott J. Desjardin, 34, Hancock, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

Melissa S. Doody, 21, Dexter, fishing without valid license, $100.

Francis J. Fortier III, 67, New York, N.Y., operating vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Billie Jo Frates, 29, Orland, assault, jury trial.

Paul W. Gallo, 44, no residence listed, possessing lobster beyond minimum or
maximum, $175.

Deborah Gray, 58, Bucksport, driving to endanger, jury trial.

Sommer L. Gray, 19, Penobscot, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Scott Heanssler, 35, Deer Isle, raising or hauling traps during closed period,
$100.

Jonathan T. Holmes, 38, Franklin, violation of lobster, crab fishing rule, $250.

Helen S. King, 50, Northeast Harbor, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Guillermo I. Labarca, 72, Prospect Harbor, operating/permitting operation, no
identification/validation displayed, $100.

Michael R. Laferriere, 24, Sedgwick, violating condition of release, jail seven
days; unlawful furnishing scheduled drug, jail seven days.

Stacie L. Lezotte, 31, Bangor, fishing without valid license, $100.

James Lombe Lojogo-Simon, 28, Bar Harbor, failure to register vehicle, $100.

Gregory Lopardo, 35, Torrington, Conn., operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, jury trial.

Jeffrey M. Macy, 39, Franklin, violating condition of release, jail five days.

Ellis T. Martin Jr., 20, Gouldsboro, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $400.

Gidget A. Middaugh, 39, Surry, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, jury
trial.

Kevin D. Peabody, 43, Blue Hill, disorderly conduct, jail 10 days; violating
condition of release, jail 10 days.

Russell J. Poors Jr., 33, Ellsworth, three counts exceeding bag limit on deer;
night hunting; jury trial.

Eric S. Potts, 46, Milbridge, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer; unlawful
possession of scheduled drug; dismissed.

Stuart Ray, 44, Milbridge, criminal mischief, dismissed.

Gerald T. Rich Jr., 41, Frankfort, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, jury trial.

Michael Roy, 36, Winsted, Conn., operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

Lisa M. Rubin, 39, Portage, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

Bert E. Sinclair, 49, Sullivan, violating condition of release, jury trial.

Corey A. Sparks, 21, Holden, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

Jacob Stockman, 20, Bangor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; failure to register vehicle, $150; sale, use of drug
paraphernalia, $200.

Louis B. Wells, 65, Blue Hill, violating condition of release, jail 24 hours.

Thomas P. White II, 47, Dedham, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked; failing to stop for officer; criminal mischief; driving to endanger;
jury trial.

Scott D. Wood, 48, Trenton, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months.

Jackie Young, 70, Corea, taking, transporting, selling, possessing a v-notched
lobster, $200.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            September 1, 2006 Friday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 730 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Gary Evans, Sunset View Drive, New Cumberland; indecent assault; held for court.

Tyran G. Ellis, Pawnee Ave., Dover; loitering and prowling at nighttime; waived
to court.

David W. Rudy, Whistler Street, Hollsopple; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Eugene Dively III, Crescent Street, Harrisburg; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered; waived to court.

Jason M. Souza, North C Street, Tulare, Calif.; unauthorized use motor/other
vehicles; held for court.

David L. Donnelly, Samoset Drive, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Thomas Littleton, Peach Street, Apt. A, Lemoyne; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered; waived to court.

Edward Gaines, E. Princess Street; forgery; waived to court.

Aiken Gaddist, S. Penn Street; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Chad Jacobs, Red Bank Road, Dover; false reports; waived to court.

Billie Jo Beck, Red Bank Road, Dover; false reports; waived to court.

Adrienne Bogar, Quaker Circle, Lewisberry; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Christine Zimmerman, Hummel Street, Harrisburg; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Melvin Brummell Jr., Mary Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Nicholas Hoyles, Cly Road, York Haven; theft of services; held for court.

Ronald L. Blouse, Sky Top Trail, Dover; fleeing or attempting to elude officer;
held for court.

Brandon Sharp, Bremer Road, Dover; aggravated assault; held for court.

Faith Holden, Granite Quarry, New Cumberland; recklessly endangering another
person; held for court.

Lara A. Shildt, Lewisberry Road; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Matthew Waltz, Sandalwood Drive, Essex, Md.; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Daniel Wagner Jr., Rose Hill Drive, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Ryan Borger, Joan Drive, York Haven; conspire theft by unlawful taking-movable;
waived to court.

Michael Drawbaugh, Cly Road, York Haven; aggravated assault; held for court.

Paul Cornman Jr., East Street, Mount Holly Springs; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Debra Fleisher, Hill Drive; York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Michael Hite, Springers Lane, New Cumberland; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Tiffany Hembry, E. South Street; forgery; waived to court.

Eric Hayes, Emmajean Road, Toledo, Ohio; small amount of marijuana; waived to
court.

Julio Cedeno, Herr Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Joshua Grimes, Opossum Lake Road, Carlisle; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Michael Gardner, Jill Drive, Hummelstown; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Richard Heiner, S. Landvale Street, York Haven; simple assault; held for court.

David Taylor, Conewago Ave., Manchester; institutional vandalism, educational
facility; waived to court.

Justin A. Bruce, Akron Drive, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Ryan T. Mundy, Manhaven Drive, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Carissa Baucum, Wedgewood Circle, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Dustin Steele, Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Harold McBride, Ross Ave., New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

William Demmitt, Grandview Drive, York Haven; forgery; waived to court.

Jason Baucum; Wedgewood Circle, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Brandon M. Bortner, Cragmoor Road, York Haven; terroristic threats/with intent
to terrorize; waived to court.

Shannon Edleblute, Cloverleaf Road; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Ryan A. McDade, 2nd Street, New Cumberland; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered; waived to court.

Bambi Blackie, Chestnut Street; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Curtis, Creek Road, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jessica M. McLean, Byron Nelson Court, Etters; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Eugene Daugherty, Cricket Lane, Dallastown; simple assault; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            February 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 462 words


Officials are asking the public for information about the following people,
identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond
amount. Please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417 or the Bonner
County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Clayton D. Carson - 46, Moscow, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance-methamphetamine, $20,000 bond.

Raymond D. Johnston - 53, address unavailable, failure to appear/insufficient
funds check fraud, $2,000 bond.

James M. Powell - 49, Santa Monica, Calif., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $10,000 bond.

Maureen E. Swenson - 39, Whittier, Calif., failure to comply/possession of a
controlled substance, $350 bond.

Steve T. Wynhoff - 39, San Diego, Calif., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance, $40,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Michael G. Armstrong - 46, Mt. Vernon, Wash., failure to appear/driving under
the influence, $500 bond.

Scott L. Ballenger - 39, Auburn, Wash., failure to comply/petty theft, $313
bond.

Dale S. Barnard - 23, Helena, failure to comply/minor consuming alcohol,
resisting/obstructing officers, possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to
use, $3,700 bond.

Luanna D. Beavers - 41, Bozeman, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, fictitious plates, $5,000 bond.

Zen W. Bloom - 21, address unavailable, failure to appear/enhancement-domestic
battery/assault with child present, injury to child, $10,000 bond.

Jeremy K. Bryant - 27, Troy, Mont., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,000 bond.

Marc C. Cameron - 31, Seattle, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

Tonia M. Chavez - 27, Spokane, failure to comply/resisting/ obstructing
officers, $323 bond.

Andy Christman Jr. - 28, Moses Lake, failure to appear/domestic battery, $10,000
bond.

Daniel D. G.  Craig - 24, Vorhees, N.J., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $2,000 bond.

Michael T. Darcy - 20, Spokane, failure to comply/possession/
consumption/purchase of alcohol by a minor; $1,300 bond.

Timithy  S. Davis - 23, Townsend, Mont., failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $1,500 bond.

Julia R. Douvia - 42, Pasco, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, failure to purchase a driver's license, $6,500 bond.

Richard F. Duran - 40, Livingston, Mont., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, driving under the influence, $7,000 bond.

Michael D. Fondren -  49, Amarillo, Texas, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

James I. Freir -  20, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$200 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 06/10/2010

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 248 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Guillermo A. Melendez, 1291 Hazelwood St., St. Paul, Minn.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, no insurance, driving
on roadways laned for traffic, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Antoine Breeland, 207 Jefferson Ave.; false identification to police; held for
court.

Neluin C. Rodriguez, 422 N. Jordan St., Allentown; false reports, false
identification to police, public drunkenness; held for court.

John R. Bayless III, 831 Linden Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property, defiant trespass; held for court.

Virginia L. Rodgers, 1503 W. Philadelphia St.; weapons of mass
destruction-threat to place/set, terroristic threats/with intent to terrorize
another, resisting arrest, disorderly conduct, harassment; waived to court.

Nicholas R. Gerace, 1441 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, accidents involving damage to unattended vehicle/property,
failure to notify police of accident; waived to court.

Carl M. Carter Jr., 1807 Whitton Court, Annapolis, Md.; driving under the
influence: minors, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of
driving safely, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, alcohol by
minor, minor prohibited from operating vehicle with alcohol; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

Crime Watch for 10/13/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 340 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Ramon Zaragoza, York; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Shaune Harold Crecco, Strinestown; conspire theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; held for court.

Matthew S. Jury; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property, criminal
trespass, conspire burglary; waived to court.

Travis Lee Breneman, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jami Marie Lasher, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Marquin Lazar Jackson, Harrisburg; manufacture/deliver/possess with intent to
manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Joseph A. Lauck, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; held for court.

Renato A. Reese, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; held for court.

Joseph Michael Nesbitt, Etters; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Jordan Michael Davis, Harrisburg; marijuana-small amount personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Mark Edward Dubravec, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Joshua Isreal Baldwin, Clovis, Calif.; driving under the influence, possession
of marijuana, intent to possess controlled substance; waived to court.

Elmer Alvin Duncan, Windsor; driving under the influence, habitual offenders;
waived to court.

Jeremy B. Umphred, Dover; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Terry Lee Gettys, New Cumberland; habitual offenders, driving license
suspended/revoked; held for court.

William Stanford Arnold Jr., York; dissemination, possession of child
pornography; held for court.

Colby David Orner, Manchester; marijuana-small amount personal use, driving
under the influence; waived to court.

Brenda Shank Caraballo, New Cumberland; receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Dallas L. Wenrich, Lewisberry; retail theft, receiving stolen property; waived
to court.

Nathan Ashley Dressler, Etters; aggravated assault, simple assault, harassment;
held for court.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              April 3, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 4/03/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Casey J. Monahan, 30 Sherwood Drive, Bethpage, N.Y.; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Duane M. Young, 938 W. King St.; theft of leased property; waived to court.

David E. Brennan, 816 E. Prospect St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property, simple assault, robbery, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under suspension-driving under the influence related;
waived to court.

Latoya R. Mable, 301 N. Queen St.; harassment; waived to court.

Larry Augustus, 241 S. Queen St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
disorderly conduct, public drunkenness; held for court.

MacGregor J. Brillhart, 12 Hill St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Ronald D. Venable, 1040 N. Duke St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

William J. Salada, 1406 W. Market St., first floor rear; harassment; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Bryan Rudy, 75 Hickory Drive, Manchester; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Jamie Rudy, 75 Hickory Drive, Manchester; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Lorraine Rudy, 75 Hickory Drive, Manchester; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

John Ketterman, 2701 Anita Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Christopher Barker, 115 Gelnmore Ave., Apt. 2, Pittsburgh; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Joshua Scott Miller, 265 S. Belvidere Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Timothy Alan Fishel, 612 N. Beaver St.; public drunkenness; found guilty at
trial; paid fine and costs.

Eric L. Duncan, 3101 Claremont Road, Dover; earned income tax violation; found
guilty at trial, paid fine and costs.

Galo A. Alvarez, 3316 Night-N-Gale Drive, Dover; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

David A. Baez, 1931 Thelon Drive; earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Rachel Baez, 1931 Thelon Drive; earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fines and cost.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 21, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 439 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Brandon L. Hooper - 21, Kalispell, Mont., parole violation/driving under the
influence, $40,000 bond.

Shelly R. Adair - 24, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Cecil R. Andrews - 47, Hope, failure to purchase a driver's license, drug
trafficking-marijuana, $10,300 bond.

Michael W. Barton - 48, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/issuing an
insufficient funds check, $3,000 bond.

James C. Chandler - 36, Cincinnati, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, driving under the influence, grand theft, providing false
information to officers, $20,680.

Misdemeanors

William C. Stevens - 18, Sandpoint, failure to comply/minor consuming, $2,000
bond.

Terry L. Ross - 30, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$5,000 bond.

Jennifer C. Doney - 36, Spokane, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
no bond.

John R. Allard - 60, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges, no
bond.

James D. Allen - 47, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

Mary A. Ashmann - 44, Mesa, Ariz., failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$100 bond.

Emily A. Baum - 24, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, willful concealment, $5,500 bond.

Kennith C. Bays - 19, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $200 bond.

Charlet K. Bean - 40, San Jose, Calif., failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $300 bond.

Jose Nuno-Desous Bem - 27, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Robert L. Bennett Jr. - 62, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/driving under
the influence, $49 bond.

Richard A. Benson - 33, Baraboo, Wis., use or possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use, $1,000 bond.

Bruce W. Bernard - 49, Franklin, Wis., failure to comply and failure to
appear/driving under the influence, no bond.

Kenneth L. Betts - 50, Spokane, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
failure to comply/unlawful use of a driver's license, no bond.

Edward H. Biggs - 46, Oldtown, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 8, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 439 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center, (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Cecil Andrews -  46, Hope, failure to appear/drug trafficking in marijuana,
failure to purchase a driver's license, $10,300 bond.

Yvette E. Huselton - 38, Troy, Mich., failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, possession of methamphetamine, $11,000 bond.

Bruce H. Powell - 49, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/battery, injury to child,
$25,000 bond.

Maureen E. Swenson - 39, Riverside, Calif., failure to comply/possession of
controlled substance, $350 bond.

Steve T. Wynhoff - 39, Spokane, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $40,063.

Misdemeanors

Sergey M. Chechum -  20, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond and undetermined jail time.

Austin B. Courser - 31, Sandpoint, failure to appear/violation of no contact
order, $2,000 bond.

Laura M. Davis - 38, Wilmette, Ill., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $5,000 bond.

Arthur L. Eakin -  43, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Jeremie W. Gervasi -  31, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $20,000 bond.

James R. Groom - 48, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/drug paraphernalia, 13
days in jail.

Archie L. Humble - 40, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $500 bond and undetermined jail time.

Destery W. Lee -  34, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$4,000 bond.

Lyle W. Leen -  46, Laclede, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

Gregory L. Lewis - 36, Priest River, failure to appear/battery, $1,000 bond.

Jon R. Lewis -  37, Cusick, Wash., failure to appear/willful concealment, $500
bond.

Joshua A. McKnight - 24, Cocolalla, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, failure to appear/battery-domestic violence, $6,000 bond.

Daniel L. Merritt - 42, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $4,000 bond.

Robert J. Ostman - 55, Bonners Ferry, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Bryan L. Wing - 30, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use, $1,700 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Crime Watch for 2/18/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 745 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

William D. Kern, Hershey; disorderly conduct; moved to non-traffic.

Wayne Stevens, New Cumberland; receiving stolen property, driving under
suspension or revoked license; held for court.

Nick E. Cyktor Jr., Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Rachel R. Wilson, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Daniel Armold, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Cody Eckert, theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

David George Toomey III, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Lewis Leon Butts Jr., Harrisburg; false identification, driving under suspension
or revoked license; held for court.

Kristy Michelle Bitting, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Nathan Tyler Demmitt, Etters; bad checks; waived to court.

Nathan Tyler Demmitt, Etters; forgery/receiving stolen property, theft by
unlawful taking; waived to court.

Nathan Tyler Demmitt, Etters; forgery/other reason access device, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Michael Thomas Cooper, Yardley; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of solvent for release of toxic
vapors; waived to court.

Joyele Marie Fink, theft by unlawful taking, driving without a license; waived
to court.

Donald E. Fockler Jr., York Haven; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

William Edward Green, Dover; simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

Miles K. Hummer, Harrisburg; theft by deception/theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property/theft by failure to make required disposition of
funds; held for court.

Mark Alan Swinnich, New Cumberland; fleeing or attempting to elude officer;
waived to court.

Luz M. Maldonado, Etters; retail theft; waived to court.

David R. Drayer, Etters, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Charles E. Schoffstall, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

June Marie Kohler, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Nicholas John Canfield, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Deborah E. McIntyre, theft by deception; held for court.

Kaylon Dale Bederka, Garland, Texas; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Christopher Lee Wyrick, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, fleeing or
attempting to elude officer; waived to court.

Ruth E. Myers, theft by unlawful taking, unlawful acts/not licensed as a
pharmacist; waived to court.

Duane Ira Nalls, Dillsburg; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Osman Mejia-Bonilla, Alexandria, Va.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Bryan Everett Gopear, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Sandy K. Shatto, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Loren Ray Carlson, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

John E. Fishel Jr., New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Robert Troy Rickard, Harrisburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving
under suspension or revoked license; waived to court.

Theodore H. Allen Jr., York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Richard Maxwell What ton, Bethlehem; terroristic threats, intent to possess
controlled substance by person not registered; held for court.

Ismael Maldonado-Merrer, Harrisburg; fraud/alter/forge/counterfeit title,
registration and insurance; waived to court.

Christopher Shane Brown, Camp Hill; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Jeremy Allen Rhoads, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Barry R. Cutler, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Stephen M. Landschoot Jr., Etters; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, conspire to manufacture or deliver, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Charles Anthony Crew, Westminster, Md.; retail theft; held for court.

Joseph D. Dambro, Philadelphia; prom/pros-prostitution; held for court.

Dontae Keith Newton, Philadelphia; receiving stolen property; held for court.

Travis C. Fink, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Corey M. Spangler, Manchester; burglary, simple assault, harassment, purchase,
consumption, possession or transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by
a minor; held for court.

Darius David Pribulsky, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 431 words


Bonner County

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Kelly A. Blakley - 36, Sagle, failure to appear/criminal solicitation,
possession of methamphetamine, $30,000 bond.

Brendon C. Fogarty - 25, Sandpoint, driving under the influence (five counts),
$25,000 bond.

David H. McElhaney - 55, Clark Fork, grand theft, $25,000 bond.

Corey L. Morgan - 25, Sandpoint, issuing an insufficient funds check, $5,000
bond.

Gary W. Walters - 45, Sandpoint, issuing an insufficient funds check, $2,500
bond.

Misdemeanors

Kenneth M. Ammon - 44, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

Charlet K. Bean - 40, San Jose, Calif., failure to purchase a driver's license,
$300 bond.

Dennis A. Black - 40, Blanchard, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
2,500 bond.

Lynndel L. Coburn - 48, Richland, child custody interference, $2,000 bond.

Charlene R. Coleman - 29, Blanchard, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, invalid driver's license, $5,000 bond.

Starla R. Dillard - 21, Veradale, Wash., failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $2,000 bond.

Julia R. Douvia - 42, Chattaroy, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, invalid driver's license, $5,000 bond.

Michael D. Fondren - 50, Pottsboro, Texas, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, invalid driver's license, $5,000 bond.

David L. Fritz - 51, Spirit Lake, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Sean R. Hanich - 21, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/providing false
information to an officer, $1,000 bond.

Glendora R. Howard - 41, South Bend, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $2,500 bond.

Angel Jiminez-Damian - 32, Mexico, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, $5,000 bond.

Christopher A. Knoke - 29, Priest River, failure to appear/disturbing the peace,
$500 bond.

Deborah A. Leslie - 39, Seattle, failure to appear/pedestrian under the
influence, carrying a concealed weapon, $1,000 bond.

Jack B. Nethercutt III - 44, Sandpoint, failure to comply/possession of a
controlled substance, $3,500 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Arrest Log: 1/9/2015

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: POLICE

LENGTH: 512 words


Hudson, N.H.

-- Larry Wheeler, 44, 18 Pearl St., Nashua, N.H.; second-degree assault, two
counts simple assault.

-- Helio Dasilva, 24, 11 Cleghorn Lane, Tewksbury; reckless operation.

-- Arthur Doiron, 36, 33 Library St.; resisting arrest, three counts stalking.

-- Mohammed Morris, 31, 93 Seneca St., Lowell; driving after revocation or
suspension.

-- Sarah Lavallee, 32, 51 Burns Hill Road; driving after revocation or
suspension (second offense).

-- Gale Doiron, 57, 13 Lock St., Unit 8, Nashua, N.H; criminal liability for the
conduct of another.

Lowell

-- Joshua Beauchesne, 24, 114 Delaware Ave.; operating without a license,
warrant (motor vehicle charges).

-- Dana Cangiamila, 47, 22 Windsor Road, Billerica; possession of a Class B
substance, warrant (unlicensed operation).

-- Teresa Lampron, 54, 22 Windsor Road, Billerica; possession of a Class B
substance.

-- Robert White, 49, 238 Broadway Road, Dracut; distribution of a Class B
substance.

-- Eliazar Pizarro, 32, 2 Dalton St., first floor; warrant (assault and battery
with a dangerous weapon).

Pelham

-- Melissa Jaracz, 24, Manchester, N.H.; possession of controlled/narcotic
drugs.

-- Nikolas Jutras, 19, Pelham; criminal mischief.

-- Joseph McGrade, 19, Dracut; driving after revocation or suspension,
possession of controlled/narcotic drugs, transporting drugs in a motor vehicle.

-- Stanley Draper III, 40, Salem, N.H.; driving after revocation or suspension,
suspension of vehicle registration, securing construction equipment.

-- Judith Gower, 52, Lowell; driving after revocation or suspension.

-- Daniel Goes, 20, Pelham; driving under the influence, transportation of
alcohol by a minor, transporting alcoholic beverages.

-- Christopher Salazar, 22, Pelham; driving under the influence.

-- Michael Medeiros, 33, Naples, Fla.; criminal trespass.

-- Monica Godreau, 22, Pelham; criminal threatening - deadly weapon.

-- Kathryn Lawrence, 34, Pelham; driving under the influence.

-- Daniel Perlack, 65, Dracut; driving under the influence.

-- Ronald Wilson, 28, Pelham; criminal trespass.

-- James Yorke, 27, Pelham; driving under the influence, driving under the
influence subsequent offense.

-- Richard Couture, 59, Pelham; criminal threatening.

-- Bellamy Som, 20, Lowell; unbroken line violation, driving after revocation or
suspension.

-- Tracy Nicholson, 47, Pelham; criminal mischief, criminal threatening.

-- Sharon Jeffrey, 50, Dracut; driving under the influence.

-- Timothy Kosik, 24, Pelham; driving under the influence.

-- Amanda Vann, 39, Pelham; driving under the influence.

-- Lori O'Connell, 34, Kensington, N.H.; driving under the influence, possession
of controlled/narcotic drugs, transporting drugs in a motor vehicle.

-- Mark Martin, 17, Pelham; criminal trespass.

-- Calvin Johnson, 54, Saco, Maine; false report to law enforcement, driving
after revocation or suspension.

-- Tyler Guertin, 18, Westford; possession of controlled/narcotic drugs.

-- Diana Silva, 39, Lowell; driving under the influence.

-- Kiana Moudarri, 18, Nashua, N.H.; possession of controlled/narcotic drugs,
transporting drugs in a motor vehicle.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 02/02/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 904 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

James L. Deshields, 18 Woodlandview Drive; simple assault (2 counts); waived to
court.

Jarrett J. Deshields, 1130 W. King St.; simple assault (2 counts); waived to
court.

Troy M. Ruppert, 2474 Kotur Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Justin M. Miller, 1110 W. Brickhaven Cove, Leland, N.C.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, driving under the influence: combination of alcohol and drugs, stop
signs/yield signs, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Justin T. Wertley, 17 Landmark Drive, Malvern; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Taylor I. Lapierre, 12 Turner St., Springvale, Maine; possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Hector Santiago, 310 W. Philadelphia St., Apt. 321; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

David Carrillo, 2600 E. Market St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Richard Ziegler Jr., American Sign Co., 402 N. Queen St.; earned income tax
violation; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rhett Anderson, 350 Jug Road; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Noreen Sankovich, Blue Moon Hair, 3635 Carlisle Road, Dover; mercantile/business
privilege tax; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kevin Heltebridle, 1845 Filbert St.; snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Century 21 Dale Realty, 360 Loucks Road; snow and ice removal (2 counts);
pleaded guilty, paid fine and cost.

Timothy Kozak, 462 Cooper Road, Delta; earned income tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

2 The Outfitters, 20 S. Sumner St.; snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Sylvia Goody, Delta Church of the Nazarene, 6610 Delta Road, Delta; earned
income tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Benjamin Blackburn, 1762 Oakley Drive, Dover; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kyle Hannon, 1911 Baltimore Pike, East Berlin; earned income tax violation;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Dewayne Spak, c/o York County Prison; public drunkenness (2 counts); pleaded
guilty, served time.

Bradley Callahan, Travel Advantage Net work, 782 Old Mill Road, Millersville,
Md.; earned income tax violation, quarterly; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Harry Dattisman, 904 W. Princess St.; snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Thomas L. Smith, 109 Clearview Drive, Shrewsbury; earned income tax violation;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

David Scharf, 355 Lakeview Drive, Spring Grove; earned income tax violation;
found guilty, paid costs.

Michelle Kooser, 4290 Carlisle Pike, New Oxford; earned income tax violation;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Geraldine King, 715 W. Broadway, Red Lion; earned income tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lee A. Gorrera, New Image Upholstery, 3333 W. Market St.; mercantile/business
privilege tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Jerimiah K. Miller, 4420 Paradise Road, Dover; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Tracy A. Reachard, 58 Second St. Apt. 3, Windsor; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Tobin Ludwig, 2001 Acorn Lane, Red Lion; file mercantile/business privilege tax;
pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Jose R. Perez, 617 Girard Ave.; earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fines and cost.

Waldemar Clarke, 21 Hunt Run Drive, New Freedom; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Jay Robinson, 261 N. Biesecker Road, Thomasville; disorderly conduct; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Shawn Runkle, 5320 Broad St., Manchester; earned income tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kelsey Evans, 807 Lancaster Drive, Bel Air, Md.; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Matthew Thomson, 3410 Carlisle Road, Dover; earned income tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Mark Bartels, 340 Lambeth Walk, inoperable unregistered vehicle not to be
stored; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Diane Kraus, Dmark Designs LLC, 421 Beaumont Road; employer's quarterly tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Noreen Kraft, 35 S. Front St., York Haven; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

John Pavoncello, 2905 Carol Road; earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Kathy Pavoncello, 2905 Carol Road; earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Dionne L. Lee, 4736 Wakefield Road, Apt. 302, Baltimore, Md.; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid fine, costs and restitution.

Jason Meckley, 2701 Danielle Drive, Dover; earned income tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Michael Kearney, B & M Printing, 126 W. Main St., New Freedom; earned income tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Russell Malone, Auto Creations, Inc., 2874 Rexwood Drive, Glen Rock; earned
income tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Debra Spera, Absolute Caregivers LLC, 109 Winners Circle Drive, Red Lion; earned
income tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 469 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Cecil R. Andrews - 46, Watsonville, Calif., failure to appear/drug
trafficking-marijuana, $10,000 bond.

James A. Drake - 47, Spokane, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $488 bond.

Nicole L. Hutchinson - 22, Ada, Okla., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance, $40,000 bond.

George C. Kelly - 55, Big Spring, Texas, failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $5,000 bond.

Melosy  A. Potter - 32, address unavailable, failure to appear/insufficient
funds check fraud (12 counts), $10,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Luanne K. Aviles - 49, Washington, failure to appear/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,000 bond.

Scott P. Bandeen - 46, Montpelier, Ohio, failure to comply/possession of a
controlled substance, $5,000 bond.

Michael S. Barbian - 33, La Mirada, Calif., failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $6,000 bond.

Kenneth C. Bays - 18, address unavailable, failure to comply/failure to purchase
a driver's license, $200 bond.

Robert L. Bennett Jr. - 61, San Antonio, Texas, failure to comply/driving under
the influence, $48 bond.

Becky A. Berg - 32, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$315 bond.

Edward H. Biggs - 44, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
5,000 bond.

Ryan C. Bigsby - 29, Sandpoint, parole violation/excessive driving under the
influence, possession of a controlled substance, $10,000 bond.

Alisha R. Black - 20, Missoula, failure to appear/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, possession of a controlled substance,
frequenting a place where drugs, alcohol used, $1,000 bond.

Dennis A. Black - 40, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,500 bond.

Jimmy J. Blackburn - 22, Fort Worth, Texas, failure to
comply/resisting/obstructing officers, $750 bond.

Danelle  J. Bonagofski - 38, Wenatchee, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $500 bond.

Mary F. Bradshaw - 44, San Jose, Calif., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

John A. Brink - 35, Billings, failure to appear/assault, disturbing the peace,
$5,000 bond.

Christopher C. Brisboy - 24, Houston, Texas, failure to comply/failure to
purchase a driver's license, $1,500 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 30, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

VOICES/Should there be a law to prevent influence peddling?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 234 words


There shouldn't be a law, but there should be guidelines that are fair and equal
to all. Small business people like me could lose out on contracts because we
don't have the influence or know people in high places. It's the same old adage:
the rich keep getting richer, and the poor can't get a job. Ger E. Cannon, 38 TV
news photographer New Orleans, La.
Yes. There should be one law that encompasses all indiscretions: influence
peddling, honoraria and any other double-standard practices that our government
officials use. They get away with a lot of things while average citizens have to
tow the line and keep our noses clean. Something should be done. Maggie Lucia,
41 Secretary North Olmsted, Ohio
No. I guess in a way, I don't see much wrong with it, and I don't see what a law
would really do. It would be nice to be able to get ahead without relying on
other people's influence. But that's not going to happen. It's human nature to
name-drop, and it doesn't matter if you're in the White House or the poor house.
Bud Oppliger, 65 Retired bank executive Wichita, Kan.
Sure. Influence peddling is indicative of a general decline of morals in this
country. Legislation against it would be difficult - it would be just like
shoveling clouds. It would be just as hard as trying to prevent crime. But I
think influence peddling is wrong, and I'm willing to try any way we can to stop
it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Duane Tracy, Grand Junction, Colo.); PHOTO; b/w (Dorothy
Nemecek, Cortland, N.Y); PHOTO; b/w ( Kathy Ann Naraghi, Orinda, Calif.); PHOTO;
b/w (Ger E. Cannon, New Orleans, La.); PHOTO; b/w (Maggie Lucia, North Olmsted,
Ohio); PHOTO; b/w (Bud Oppliger, Wichita, Kan.)

TYPE: Opinion; Voices

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 09/08/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Mark A. Albright, 210 Kise Mill Road, York Haven; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under suspension-driving under the influence
related; waived to court.

Gary E. Wallick, 487 Salem Ave.; habitual offender; waived to court.

Timothy P. Doyle Jr., 1505 2nd Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, stop signs/yield signs; waived to court.

Candice R. Warren, 508 Walnut St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Alicia L. Marquette, 285 W. Cottage Place; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, driving under the influence: controlled substance-combination of
alcohol and drugs, driving under suspension, false identification to police;
waived to court.

Tashuna Q. Bones, 514 S. Duke St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture of deliver; waived to court.

Chad W. Anderson, 815 Pecan Pointe Road, Norfolk, Va.; possession of marijuana,
disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Kathleen Diaz, 60 Walker Drive, Apt. B, New Oxford; public drunkenness; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Billie Jo Beatty, 1274 W. Princess St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Stacie Amelotte-Myers, 579 Hillcrest Road; unlicensed vehicle not to be stored
on property; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Daniel Gelwicks, 127 N. Seward St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Ariel Moody, 106 Fishersman Lane, Wrightsville; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Donald Joline, 7 September Lane, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Brett Brieger, 245 Chase Ave., Tiverton, RI; solicitation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

David Hilty III, 2024 Locust Road, Spring Grove; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Joann Werelius, 1724 Hametown Road, Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Judy Creager, 2758 Genna Circle, Dover; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday

More Crime Watch for 04/29/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Elizabeth A. Link, 2940 Village Square Drive, Dover; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
driving at safe speed, operate vehicle without valid inspection; waived to
court.

Eric K. Holtzapple, 2490 Sky Top Trail, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment; waived to court.

Everett D. Evans Jr., 106 W. Clearview Drive, Camp Hill; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
careless driving; waived to court.

Gerald L. Herrington, 106 Winterstown Road, Red Lion; criminal mischief,
indecent assault; waived to court.

Justin A. Loucks, 2673 Sunset Lane; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Linda J. Bercik, 1626 Stanton St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, disregard
traffic lane; waived to court.

Kenneth Newcomer Jr., 2289 Fairway Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, duties at stop
signs, failure to yield at yield sign; waived to court.

Thomas W. Freed Jr., 1506 Hunters Drive, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
possession of marijuana, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Linda S. Brenneman, 217 Waldorf Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, intent to
possess a controlled substance, false identification to law enforcement; waived
to court.

Aubrey Fishel, 32 Woodland Ave.; bad checks; waived to court.

St. Claire A. Moriniere, 2578 Oakland Road, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, turning movements, required signals; waived to court.

Everett D. Evans Jr., 106 W. Clearview Drive, Camp Hill; duties at stop sign;
waived to court.

Luseneida Rivera, 512 S. Pershing Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Randall G. Scott, 210 Nashville Blvd., Apt. D, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, careless driving, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Earlene Seay, 1036 Lakemount Road, Baltimore, Md.; false reports-falsely
incriminate another; waived to court.

Mary K. Deplama, 2648 Cambridge Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving without a license, careless driving; waived to court.

Matthew T. Wolf; NFA; conspire to commit burglary, receiving stolen property;
waived to court.

Amanda Hinds, 450 Madison Ave., Apt. 22; retail theft, conspire to commit retail
theft; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   September 26, 2001 Wednesday, York Edition

DISTRICT COURTS

SECTION: YORK COUNTY & STATE; DISTRICT COURTS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 624 words


The following cases were recently decided in York District Court:

Earlan Dexter, 52, of Kingfield, operating a vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on July 1, 2000, in Wells, $600, seven days in
Sagadahoc jail, license suspended 18 months.

Nancy Durgin, 54, of Portsmouth, N.H., operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Aug. 24, 1999, in York, $500, 72
hours in county jail, license suspended 90 days.

Stephen Duval, 43, of Portland, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Sept. 4, 2000, in Ogunquit, $600, license
suspended 90 days.

Peter Falkowski, 47, of Pittsfield, Mass., driving to endanger on Sept. 4 in
York, $500, license suspended 30 days.

Lucien Fitts, 29, of Wells, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol on May 17, 1999, in Wells, $600, 120 days in
Sagadahoc County Jail with all but seven days suspended, one year probation and
license suspended 90 days.

Steven Fraize, 29, of Kingston, N.H., reckless conduct on Nov. 25, 2000, in
York, $500.

James Gagne, 32, of Wells, failure to file an accident report within 48 hours on
Jan. 1, 2000, in Wells, $200.

Domenic Grasso, 23, of Cape Neddick, driving to endanger on Oct. 17, 2000, in
York, $500, license suspended 30 days.

William Hartley, 37, of Kittery, operating a vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Sept. 12, 2000, in Wells, $500, 72 hours in
county jail, license suspended 90 days.

Robert Holland, 44, of Albany, N.Y., operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on July 6, 2000, in York, $400, 72
hours in county jail, license suspended 90 days.

Nathan Kaseman, 26, of Rochester, N.H., operating vehicle without a license on
Dec. 1, 2000, in Wells, $50.

Winifred Keefe, 63, of York Beach, operating a vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Aug. 26, 2000, in York, $500, license
suspended 90 days.

Walter Lewis, 47, of Saco, operating after license suspension on May 30, 2000,
in York, $150.

Lincoln Marston II, 24, of Springvale, operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Aug. 18, 2000, in Ogunquit, $400,
license suspended 90 days.

Kenneth McGarry, 29, of Grafton, Mass., operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Jan. 22, 2000, in Wells, $400, 48
hours in county jail, license suspended 90 days.

Michael Nadeau, 25, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., driving to endanger on Sept. 16,
2000, in Ogunquit, $300, license suspended 30 days.

Deborah Norcross, 57, of North Harwich, Mass., two charges of operating after
license suspension on June 5, 2000, in Wells and Dec. 11, 2000, in York, $300.

Charles O'Connell, 30, of Biddeford, operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on May 20, 2000, in York, $400.

Thomas O'Donnell, Jr., 37, of Salem, N.H., illegal possession of marijuana on
Nov. 28, 1999, in Wells, $500.

John Parent, 47, of Sanford, one charge each of operating a vehicle while under
the influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol and violating conditions of
release on July 23-24, 2000, in Wells, $800, 180 days in county jail with all
but 12 days suspended, one year probation, license suspended 18 months.

Margaret Reed, 42, of West Kennebunk, operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol on Oct. 24, 2000, in York, $600, six
months in Sagadahoc County Jail with all but seven days suspended, one year
probation, license suspended 18 months.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 17, 2014, Friday

Speaker talks furniture at UC event

BYLINE: Caitlin Cook, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 510 words


Philip Zea, president of Historic Deerfield, a living museum community in
Massachusetts, brought the influences of antique furniture to life for a crowd
at the University of Charleston Thursday evening.

"Is it naive or simply independent thinking? Zea asked of a Vermont wood crafted
cradle that rocks back-and-forth to a crowd gathered for his free talk titled
"Appalachian Furniture: Ethnicity and Craftsmanship from the Backcountry.

Zea's talk, sponsored by the UC School of Interior Design and the Forts Lee
Tackett Antiques Club, focused on the influences on craftsmanship and furniture
made between the middle part of the 1700s and just before the Civil War.

The backcountry, Zea said, runs from New Hampshire down to Georgia and Alabama.

"The backcountry is in fact one country, Zea said. "There are differences but a
lot of similarities.

Zea said the term folk art plagued the backcountry, creating a stereotype that
didn't fit the craftsmanship of the backcountry.

Often the products found in the backcountry area -- like chestnut or mahogany
wood - put backcountry furniture ahead of its urban counterparts, Zea said.

Backcountry furniture had a variety of influences - economic, social, faith and
culture - Zea said.

"That idea that urban and rural are separate might not be, Zea said. Many of the
furniture designs came from cities like Boston, Philadelphia and Baltimore.
People picked up the ideas from various trading posts.

Backcountry craftsmen specialized in specialties, Zea said. They built both
houses and furniture.

"Part of my job is to kind of be an interpreter and push that envelope and
suggest how people can look at their own things or things that the local museum
or historical society has and plum as much as they can out of it.

Pride of place generates cultural pride, Zea said.

Backcountry furniture had various cultural influences from the British to the
Germans.

Scotts-Irish aesthetics wanted nothing to do with the English, so they added
their own design nuance from their past, Zea said.

"Generations have passed, an ocean crossed but a cultural imprint of what's
beautiful and what has utility remains, Zea said.

Reasons for cultural influence also shift.

During the War of 1812, backcountry furniture shifted from English influence to
more French, Zea said.

Craik-Patton House Executive Director Paul Zuros was excited to learn more about
backcountry furniture influences from Zea.

"It was interesting to learn when we think of folk art, it's not so much this
backcountry, backwoods kids of hodgepodge of things, Zuros said.

"It's very stylized, very interesting furniture that I really didn't think of in
that kind of context before.

Zuros believes there's a growing interest in the area for antiques.

"People are really interested in the decorative arts and the history pieces we
see here [at the Craik-Patton House], Zuros said.

"They want to know why they are in the house but more about the expanded history
- their ownership through the years.

Reach Caitlin Cook at caitlin.cook@wvgazette.com, 304-348-5113

or follow @caitlincookWV

on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             July 9, 2008 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 07/09/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Wendy A. Oliver, 905 W. College Ave.; burglary, criminal conspiracy/burglary,
theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Katharina Rascoe, 26 Dewey St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance; waived to
court.

Carlos R. Marrero, 217 Cottage Place; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Donald L. Dubbs Jr., 214 Liberty Court; institutional vandalism, criminal
mischief/tamper with property, stalking/repeatedly communicate to cause fear;
waived to court.

Donald L. Dubbs Jr., 214 Liberty Court; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Donald L. Dubbs Jr., 214 Liberty Court; institutional vandalism, criminal
mischief/damage property; waived to court.

Donald L. Dubbs Jr., 214 Liberty Court; institutional vandalism, criminal
mischief/tamper with property; waived to court.

Jonathan M. Edwards, 457 W. Princess St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
false identification to police; waived to court.

Glen R. Carwell, 805 E. Philadelphia St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver, tampering with physical evidence, resisting
arrest; held for court.

Norman W. Frey III, 1040 N. George St.; aggravated assault, terroristic threats,
simple assault, harassment; held for court.

James E. Crisamore Jr., 2450 Cope Circle, Mechanicsburg; simple assault,
robbery-theft immediate serious injury, theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Michael S. Nelson Jr., 26 Dewey St.; fleeing/attempt to elude police, recklessly
endangering another person, escape, no driver's license, driving without
headlights to avoid apprehension, reckless driving; waived to court.

Stanley K. Hoffman II, 123 N. Penn St.; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving at safe speed; held for court.

Charles Bowie, 2643 Dulany St., Baltimore, Md.; criminal conspiracy/forgery,
theft by deception, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Joslyn A. Shaw, 6753 Townbrook Drive, Woodlawn, Md.; criminal
conspiracy/forgery, forgery/unauthorized act in writing, theft by deception,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Stephen Muckle, 3330 Village Court Drive, Dover; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Randolph Freed Jr., 1767 Emerald Ave.; scattering rubbish; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Timothy Slick, 1507 KBS Road, Spring Grove; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Reginald Taylor, 1126 W. King St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Julie Straw, 15815 Cross Roads Ave., Stewartstown; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kevin Barclay, 2750 Prospect Ave., Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Virginia Johnston, 57 Manchester St., Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

First Franklin Financial Corp., 2150 N. First St., San Jose, Calif.; property
maintenance; pleaded guilty, paid fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday

Crime watch for 12/22/2006

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
James Treece, 5th St., New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Justin Hartman, Observatory Drive, Lewisberry; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Lori Miller, Garriston Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

John Morrow, Bridge St., New Cumberland; terroristic threats with intent to
terrorize; held for court.

Seth Fornerette, Juniper Drive, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Mary Knight-Wallace, Old York Road, New Cumberland; theft by unlawful taking,
movable property; waived to court.

Daniel E. Wallace, Old York Road, New Cumberland; theft by unlawful taking,
movable property; waived to court.

Thomas Harvey, Hykes Mill Road, Manchester; receiving stolen property; held for
court.

Jared Estep, East Butter Road; burglary; waived to court.

Christopher Fowler, Carlisle Road; burglary; waived to court.

David Knisley Jr., Harding St., Manchester; forgery; waived to court.

John Petonyak, Bentzel Road, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Arthur Dunkelberger III, Old York Road, New Cumberland; simple assault; held for
court.

Lee Myers, Fishing Creek Road, Lewisberry; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Donald Beane, Lewisberry Road, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Ty Depew, Yocumtown Road, Etters; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Ralph Castle, Center St., Enola; theft by deception; fugitive.

Edward Over, Evergreen Road, New Cumberland; possession of child pornography;
waived to court.

Kevin Olwage, Lillian Ave., Severn, Md.; rape/unconscious victim; held for
court.

Francisco Matosdefrank, Rand St., Camden, NJ; aggravated assault; waived to
court.

Tracy Cutler, Kenneth Road; theft by unlawful taking, movable property; waived
to court.

Steven Brodbeck, N. Diamond St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

David Heller, Nursery Road, Dover; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Duane Eaves, Raymond Lane, Middletown; forgery; waived to court.

Brian Hostetter, Locust St., Lancaster; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Stefanie Shobert, Gettysburg Road, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence:
waived to court.

Isaac Lowendi, Verbeke St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence: waived to
court.

John V. Brown Jr., Red Bank Road, Dover; driving under the influence: waived to
court.

Travis Hubbard, Lewisberry Road, Lewisberry; burglary; waived to court.

Samuel Dopp, Black Walnut Drive, Etters; driving under the influence: waived to
court.

Bryce Swartzwelder, White Dogwood, Etters; terroristic threats with intent to
terrorize; held for court.

Anthony Noll, Salem Road, Etters; simple assault, held for court.

Jay Kirchner, North Main St., Mount Wolf; bad checks; fugitive.

Boisey Yancy, N. Carrollton Ave., Baltimore, MD; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Dennis Phinazee, Box 39C, Richfield; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 20, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 480 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Hayden D. Hawkins - 30, Sandpoint, failure to appear/domestic battery, parole
violation/burglary, $50,000 bond.

Rodney J. McGuire - 38, Sagle, driving under the influence, $25,000 bond.

Robert R. Spade - 42, Sandpoint, failure to appear/grand theft, $10,000 bond.

Michael J. Temples - 33, Sandpoint, grand theft (two counts), petty theft,
$10,000 bond.

Joshua L. Wharton - 32, Sagle, parole violation/boating/operating a vessel under
the influence of alcohol, $40,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Christopher J. Alteken - 24, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, failure to provide proof of insurance/theft by receiving/possessing
stolen property, $4,000 bond.

Kenneth M. Ammon - 44, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, failure to provide proof of insurance, $5,000 bond.

Michael S. Deer - 31, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
failure to appear/excessive driving under the influence, seven days in jail.

Gerry R. Elerding - 34, Oldtown, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$3,000 bond.

John F. Lester - 40, Santa Rosa, Calif., failure to comply/disturbing the peace,
$233 bond.

Dallas B. Monges - 33, Sandpoint, failure to comply and failure to
appear/driving under the influence, failure to appear/battery, $10,000 bond.

Sheldon G. Nelson - 21, Hayden Lake, failure to appear/theft of labor/services
by deception, $1,000 bond.

Kevin M. Hampton - 20, Sandpoint, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $6,000 bond.

Trevor A. Norien - 18, Deer Park, Wash., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance, $5,000 bond.

Terry R. Olazabal - 46, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, parole violation/driving under the influence, driving without privileges,
$5,068.

Robert A. Oldani - 44, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/assault, unlawful
entry, $5,000 bond.

Boyd L. Parker III - 22, Spokane, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $2,300 bond.

Jessica N. Sindlinger - 25, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, $1,000 bond.

Leona L. Stinchfield - 39, Spokane, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Timothy K. Turnbull - 47, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/unlawful
possession/transport of wildlife, $2,800 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 431 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS
David P. Gagne, 1620 Mount Rose Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; driving on wrong side of road; waived to court.

Christopher L. Strine, 3313 Stone Ridge Road; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; driving wrong way; waived to court.

Sean E. Shaffer, 65 S. Front St., York Haven; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; careless driving; driving on
wrong side of road; waived to court.

Christina L. Hamberger, 297 Edgehill Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; held for court.

Joseph V. Sykes, 7 Summit Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Justin D. Franklin Jr., 6115 Morning Calm Way, Columbia, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; driving under the influence: minors; driving
wrong way; alcohol by minor; careless driving; waived to court.

Adam M. Barnansky, 103 Laurel Valley Court, Shohola, Pike County; driving under
the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely; alcohol by minor;
waived to court.

Emmanuel Moley, 1873 Susquehanna Trail; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; driving at safe speed; held for court.

Wayman A. Scott, 558 N. Pershing Ave.; unauthorized use motor/other vehicle;
improper use of learner permit; waived to court.

Robert J. Pratt, 144 Pawnee Ave., Dover; stalking/intent to place in fear;
harassment; held for court.

Ryan L. Davidson, 638 Florida Ave.; marijuana/small amount personal use;
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Bradley D. Lane II, 631 Ridge Ave.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
harassment; waived to court.

Larry J. Glick, 1908 Witler St., Philadelphia; false ID to police; unlawful
solicitation and exceptions; waived to court.

James R. Groff, 10 N. Market St., Lancaster; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; careless driving; expired inspection; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                JERSEY-C Edition

Off Campus: Basketball should be at top of Big East presidents' agenda

BYLINE: By Mike Jensen; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Villanova; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1114 words



Memo to Big East presidents in Philadelphia for Tuesday's fall conference
meetings:

You are now in one of the finer college basketball cities in America. While in
town, please consider discussing the sport of basketball at length. We
understand your first priority right now is saving Big East football. We
understand why your first priority has to be saving Big East football.

But if you severely damage Big East basketball while saving Big East football,
you've failed. History will prove it.

The last time the Big East got poached for Miami, Virginia Tech, and Boston
College, your chosen replacements made the Big East a better basketball league.
This time, you've lost Syracuse, Pittsburgh, and West Virginia. There's no way
the Big East avoids taking a massive hoops hit. Replacing them with Houston,
SMU, and Central Florida for all sports may work for football and help convince
Boise State to join the league. But Houston is the only one of those schools
that brings value to Big East hoops. Again, please place hoops high on Tuesday's
agenda, not as an afterthought.

Obviously looking to avoid exit fees and get to the Big 12 quickly, West
Virginia filed suit against the Big East on Monday. In the suit, which was
challenged quickly in a statement released by Big East commissioner John
Marinatto, West Virginia suggested the basketball schools had undue influence on
choosing football schools. They couldn't have had too much influence, given the
choices the league came up with.

Through this whole realignment mess, basketball coaches have made the most noise
and have had the least influence. There's a reason Louisville coach Rick Pitino
has made a lot of noise. He understands he doesn't speak for Louisville, just
for Rick Pitino, which gives him great freedom to speak his mind.

"I have no vote," Pitino told me at Big East media day when I asked him how much
he influences Louisville's thinking.

Now that Louisville is staying in the Big East - at least until the Big 12
revisits adding a couple more schools, maybe as soon as next year - the Big East
should pay a little attention to Pitino. Yes, his agenda is transparent. He's a
New York guy who heavily recruits the East Coast. On his current team, he has
two players from New York City, one from New Jersey, and one from Rhode Island.
Adding Boise State for football-only means nothing to him. You won't find any
players on Pitino's roster from Idaho or from Texas.

But Pitino isn't being self-serving when he suggests Temple and Memphis need to
be added to Big East basketball. He also pointed out at Big East media day that
these decisions aren't really affecting him or Jim Boeheim or Jim Calhoun. Those
guys will be gone soon enough. If you look at the history of college sports,
these are 20-year decisions being made right now.

Pitino certainly isn't being self-serving when he advocates the Big East add
Memphis. He simply understands the importance of rivalries in college
basketball. We don't know if Pitino could have stomached shilling for Memphis if
John Calipari were still there. But he does understand that a
Memphis-Louisville-Cincinnati rivalry is good for Memphis, Louisville, and
Cincinnati.

We've advocated the position that the Big East should add Temple for all sports
and give Villanova the option of moving up in football if the next Big East TV
package has enough value to make a move-up fiscally sound. A local rivalry
between the two schools in football and basketball would be terrific for this
city and add something to the Big East, if they can look beyond market share.
For football, the Big East has to decide if having both would bring value (i.e.,
television revenue) to the league. It would be good for both schools.

Apparently, the answer on the TV value is no. But that answer also diminishes
the basketball league. Central Florida has never won an NCAA Division I
tournament game. The last time SMU won an NCAA tournament game was 1988, before
any current SMU players were born. (Again, we're fully on board with Houston.
The main school in a market of that size, a rich history, from Elvin Hayes and
Phi Slamma Jamma through an NCAA appearance as recently as 2010 - sign 'em up.)

SMU and Central Florida are coming, though, assuming this football model doesn't
crumble completely. And Central Florida is a smart move for football. Given
that, the Big East basketball league needs to get a little larger, to try and
add muscle to its weakening hoop structure.

Temple is clearly trying to pull out whatever stops it can pull. On Monday,
Mayor Nutter's office announced it had sent a letter to Marinatto advocating for
Temple.

Throughout this realignment mess, we've tried to look at which Big East schools
have the leverage, where the voting blocs are. Right now, Boise State obviously
has the leverage. Getting Boise in the league is the linchpin to saving the
football arrangement. If Boise wants Brigham Young, and BYU signs on, that's a
no-brainer, despite the geographic craziness. If BYU passes and Boise wants
Wyoming or Eastern Washington or College of Western Idaho as a travel partner,
you may have to OK it.

But Big East schools that don't play football, a bloc with the most votes, that
controls the OK on adding football members, should take this opportunity to talk
some more about what Notre Dame would like to see happen to the basketball
league, what Louisville and Connecticut want most, what all the rest want, from
Georgetown to Marquette. And yes, what Villanova wants. Sorry, Temple fans,
Villanova is in that room and has made a lot of money for its hoop brethren in
recent years. Any plan will undoubtedly make accommodations for 'Nova. (We said
accommodations, not veto power.)

But the greater good - and we mean fiscally as well as philosophically - should
go beyond saving football's BCS status and adding value to the next football
television contract. The Big East stands for something. It obviously has a
strong sports brand, but that brand has little to do with football. That's why
Pitino's right on this. He may have thought he was merely making noise while
Louisville headed out the door to the Big 12. But that didn't happen, and nobody
can predict what will happen over the next year.

Except the ball is finally in the Big East's court for a little while. If Boise
State, Navy, and Air Force sign on for football - and that's still a big "if" -
then the Big East will have avoided fumbling away the football league entirely.

Now let's see if you presidents can avoid shooting an air ball.

Contact Mike Jensen at 215-854-4489, mjensen@phillynews.com, or @Jensenoffcampus
on Twitter. Read his "Off Campus" columns at www.philly.com/offcampus


LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Crime Watch for 05/05/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 383 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township.
DISPOSITIONS
Roy W. Stegall Jr., 1157 Ledge Drive; retail theft; held for court.

Drew A. Lambert, 3573 Liverpool Turnpike, Emigsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: minors (first
offense), underage drinking, driving at safe speed, driving under suspension;
waived to court.

Cody P. Beard, 1429 W. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: minors
(first offense), driving under the influence: general impairment, driving under
the influence: controlled substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
underage drinking, careless driving; waived to court.

Kevin J. Roussell Jr., 56 Boundary Road, Hanover; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Robert A. Webb, 760 Eichelberger St., Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Jaaron T. Ludwig, 25 Sawgrass Ave., Felton; underage drinking; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Roland M. Carter, 101 Huffnagle Drive, Hanover; intent to possess controlled
substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, retail theft; waived to court.

Lewis B. Anderson, 1016 W. 7th St., Wilmington, Del.; possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Wesley R. Pittman, 205 Chestnut St.; theft by deception; waived to court.

Benjamin E. Gunnett, 2498 Broad St.; intent to possess controlled substance,
driving under suspension; held for court.

Nathan A. Brodbeck, 4375 N. Sherman St., Mount Wolf; criminal trespass, criminal
mischief, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Carl R. Wire, 25 Ridge Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Jo-Allyson Oliver, 346 Cherry St., Red Lion; access device fraud, theft by
unlawful taking; waived to court.

Brett A. Forry, 5 Haverford Circle, Manchester; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Shea T. Hauck, 134 Camelot Arms; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Monique Martin, 626 Vander Ave.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and
restitution.

Rianin J. Fatland, 370 Bert Court; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

James Musser, 152 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Rhode Island: Rhode Island State Police Arrest Twelve Subjects for Driving Under
the Influence Over the Holiday Weekend Including One Subject With a Blood
Alcohol Reading Over .40

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of State Police, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
news release:

Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested twelve (12) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated over the Labor
Day Weekend. One operator was found to have a Blood Alcohol Content over .400,
which is more than five (5) times the legal limit. Blood Alcohol Contents that
high can result in serious medical issues or death. Due to those concerns, the
subject was immediately arraigned and then transported by Lincoln Fire
Department Rescue to Fatima Hospital for evaluation and detoxification. In
addition to the DWI arrests, there were sixty (60) other arrests on
miscellaneous charges during the period from Friday, August 29, 2014 through
Monday, September 1, 2014.

The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving While
Intoxicated:

Oscar R. Aceituno, age 51 of 60 Regent Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

John P. Marquis, age 24 of 109C Florence Road, Branford, Connecticut
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .242/.255)

Ricardo Lopez, age 53 of 4 Harvey Street, Pawtucket, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Jahaira Martinez, age 35 of 57 Alton Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .117/.118)

Shane O'Neill, age 24 of 16 Miller Stile Road, Quincy, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Nicholas Wallace, age 49 of 15 Cassie Lane, Uxbridge, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Ralph Berman, age 56 of 148 Zinnia Drive, Cranston, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .114/.106)

Alexander Noncent, age 20 of 27 Desoto Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
o Driving on a Suspended License-Certain Violations
o Duty to Stop in Accident with Attended Vehicle

Joseph Gargiulo, age 46 of 29 Sweet Grass Lane, Holliston, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
o Possession of Weapons Other than Firearms (Stun Gun)

Samuel AppenTeng, age 33 of 63 Webster Street, Pawtucket, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Kevin Jeffries, age 51 of 32 Arlington Street, East Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .408/.403)
o Driving on a Suspended License-Certain Violations

Brian L. Clements, age 50 of 44 Grape Street, Apt. 1, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .094/.097)
o Driving on a Suspended License
o Possession of a Stolen Motor Vehicle

Troopers also issued seven hundred ten (710) citations, including two hundred
eighty-eight (288) speeding violations, one hundred fifty (150) Seat Belt/Child
Restraint violations, and eight (8) Conditions Requiring Reduced Speed/Move Over
violations. They also handled forty eight (48) accidents, with one of them
involving an intoxicated operator.

Colonel O'Donnell stated, "This was a fatality free weekend in Rhode Island. We
believe there is a direct correlation between traffic enforcement and the
reduction of fatal and serious motor vehicle accidents. One thing is for sure,
the twelve individuals arrested for driving while under the influence, did not
have the opportunity to kill themselves or others. I commend the troopers for
their efforts in keeping our roadways safe."

The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, seat belt and child restraint
violations. We believe that by continuing these enforcement efforts, it makes
the highways safer for all travelers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           February 22, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 01/30/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Angela R. Hollenbeck, 122 E. Cottage Place; retail theft, second offense; waived
to court.

Anthony Lopez, 8706 Osage Drive, Tampa, Fla.; driving under the influence:
general impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Bruce A. Hughes Jr., 1745-D Yorktowne Drive; driving under the influence:
general impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Amanda L. Knaub, 305-7 E. King St.; false identification to police, identity
theft; held for court.

James Molina, 210 Park Place; driving under the influence: general impairment,
incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, accidents involving damage to attended vehicle, no driver license;
waived to court.

Annette Laucks, 2443 S. Queen St.; driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Mark C. Skowronski, 42 Coventry at Waterford; marijuana, small amount for
personal use, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David J. Stepp, 493 Garriston Road, York Haven; receiving stolen property;
waived to court.

Jeffrey L. Stouter, 929 Smith Drive; aggravated assault, resisting arrest, false
identification to police, escape, disorderly conduct; held for court.

Elgin B. Jenkins, 1009 N. George St.; marijuana/small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Bryant Starling, 401 Ridge Ave.; theft by unlawful taking; paid costs.

Davina E. Keeney, 3818 Oakleigh Drive; defiant trespass; held for court.

Derrick A. Shepheard, C/O York County Prison; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Derrick A. Shepheard, C/O York County Prison; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Joshua R. Mahone, 15762 Birthday Club Road, New Freedom; intent to possess
controlled substance by person not registered, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            March 10, 2005 Thursday

LAGUNA BEACH POLICE BLOTTER

SECTION: LAGUNABEACH

LENGTH: 386 words


freda ... here is a template to create the coplog each week.

Tuesday, March 8

South Coast Highway, 200 block, unknown injury traffic collision. Chet Christian
Wilson, of Laguna Beach, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the
influence. Reported at 4:11 a.m.

Monday, March 7

South Coast Highway, 400 block, medical aid. Michael Andrew Appel, of Dana
Point, was arrested on suspicion of public drunkenness. Reported at 3:57 p.m.

South Coast Highway, 1600 block, traffic stop. Dan Dallas Dole, of Los Angeles,
was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 8:41 a.m.

South Coast Highway/Vista Del Sol, traffic stop. Teresa Bell Payton, of
Pasadena, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at
12:42 a.m.

Broadway, 400 block, traffic stop. Kristian Richter Petersen, of Houston, Texas,
was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 2:07 a.m.

Saturday, MARCH 5

South Coast Highway, 1550 block, vehicle burglary. A woman told police that her
$400-valued diamond ring was stolen from her locked car in a parking lot.
Reported at 9:37 p.m.

Marilyn/Wesley, traffic stop. Vaso Nick Nikaj, of Newport Beach, was arrested on
suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 3:08 a.m.

South Coast Highway/Montage Resort. Thomas Ward Malett was arrested on suspicion
of driving under the influence. Reported at 12:32 a.m.

Friday, March 4

Laguna Canyon Road, 650 block, traffic stop. Errol Silverstein, of San Juan
Capistrano, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported
at 2:46 a.m.

Coast Highway, 8000 block, traffic stop. Lance Hamilton, of Orange, was arrested
on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 12:10 a.m.

Forest Avenue, 400 block, traffic stop. Devin Daly, of Hermosa Beach, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 1:11 a.m.

Thursday, March 3

Cedar Way, 140 block, assist other agency. David Orr, of Costa Mesa, was
arrested on suspicion of parole violation and a suspended driver's license.
Reported at 10:51 p.m.

Police Blotter is compiled by Erika I. Ritchie from oral and written reports of
the Laguna Beach Police Department. The crime log represents only a portion of
the crimes committed during the reporting period. Arrests indicate a suspicion
of violations, not charges filed.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 03, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

Where They Stand; Candidates for Governor Answer Question on Lobbyists

SECTION: WEEKLY - MD; Pg. M04

LENGTH: 1348 words


QUESTION 5: Do you believe special interest lobbyists have too much influence in
Annapolis? If so, please describe several steps you would take to curb their
influence.

Lawrence K. Freeman (D):

Yes, lobbyists have an undue influence, and I can state unequivocally that I
received no money from any special interest group. However, there are other
agencies affecting the behavior of our elected officials in Annapolis, and
equally important the citizens who elect them.

For example, the expulsion of Sen. Larry Young earlier this year was the product
of a racist targeting of African American officials, who some think have
acquired too much power. The campaign against Sen. Young was greatly
"influenced" by press reports in the Baltimore Sun. Without any criminal
charges, and a trial, even to this day, Sen. Young became the first Senator
kicked out of Annapolis in 200 years.

We see the same "influence" on the citizens in this year's gubernatorial race.
The decision by media to determine the outcome of the race in advance, and thus
shaping their coverage to that end, has prevented a discussion of new ideas.
This feeds the cynicism of many of Maryland voters, who are already less than
excited about being politically active in 1998.

A small clique of Democratic Party bureaucrats has similarly tried to influence
the voters by circulating a fraudulent memo attacking myself and other
candidates, as not bona fide Democrats, because we support the ideas of Lyndon
LaRouche.

How can society hold officials accountable to law, if there is not a passion for
truth and justice in our society? Until that passion becomes stronger, the
citizens and the politicians will accept a substandard level of morality, and
integrity.

Parris N. Glendening (D):

Yes -- some lobbyists do have too much influence. I have been outraged, for
example, at efforts by the tobacco and gambling industries to influence the
political process here in Maryland. We need to control that influence, allowing
all voices in a public debate to be heard.

Throughout the legislative process, competing interests line up against each
other. Taken together, these interests serve a vital role in a healthy
democracy. We must be open to the views of all groups -- because "special
interests" can mean our children, or local governments, or other important
groups.

We must ensure balance, guarantee equal access, and guard against improper
influence. Maryland's current disclosure laws allow citizens to know who someone
in Annapolis is representing. But we must do more. The gambling lobbyists spent
more than $ 600,000 in the last legislative session. The tobacco companies are
constantly elbowing around Annapolis. And the National Rifle Association spent
thousands of dollars trying to have the results of the last gubernatorial race
thrown out.

On March 6 of this year, I established strict new guidelines for executive
branch contracts. Any entity planning to pay any funds to any federal, state or
local elected official in exchange for any services must prepare a written
contract that reflects compensation provided and services expected to be
received for that compensation.

In addition, Congressman Ben Cardin was appointed to chair a Special Study
Commission on the Maryland Public Ethics Law. I expect to see legislation
strengthening that law after the commission has finished its work.

Terry McGuire (D):

Under a McGuire administration, the citizens of Maryland will see an end to
government by the rich, the powerful and the insider lobbyist. I promise to give
the "boot" to the puppet masters and their office-holding political cronies.

Legislation must be passed which will diminish the lobbyist effect on our
legislators. As a member of Common Cause, I support efforts to reform laws
governing campaign contributions. All contributions should be reported on a
quarterly basis with one of the reporting dates being one week before the
Maryland Legislature convenes. In addition, all contributors should be required
to list on that report the name of any lobbyist they or their companies have
retained.

My office will limit access to paid lobbyists and will be open to the average
citizen. Our campaign theme, "A Voice for the Voiceless," will be implemented so
that any citizen of Maryland will have an equal opportunity to access its
government. The McGuire administration will work to replace the Joint Ethics
Committee composed of legislators with private citizens to free them from the
influence of lobbyists or other insiders.

The real issue in this campaign is freedom, the freedom of the average citizen
to be informed of a candidate's positions on vital issues. When power, influence
and access of paid lobbyists is combined with segments of a free press which
practice de facto censorship by lack of coverage, the thread of democracy is
stretched very thin.

Charles I. Ecker (R):

This question assumes that ethical lapses and political corruption can be cured
if lobbyists can be curbed. This assumption is misleading. Our political system,
in its entirety, is responsible for the antipathy that Maryland's citizens hold
for their government.

Within the past year, one state senator was removed from the Senate, one member
of the House of Delegates resigned, and numerous ethical infractions were raised
against other members of the General Assembly. These events reflect the
political morass in Annapolis that must be addressed before our citizens can
restore their faith in government.

Two things must occur before we will make any progress. First, Maryland must
develop a strong two-party system that will provide accountability and a voice
for honest government. Second, we must have a governor whose ethical standards
and integrity are unquestioned to set the standard for conduct in Annapolis. My
election answers both of these issues.

In addition, I would take steps to strengthen the special prosecutor's office,
provide educational opportunities to discuss ethical considerations, consolidate
the financial disclosure and ethics oversight functions into one location, and
require that information regarding conflicts of interest be made public. In
other words, I would open the government to public scrutiny, demand
accountability, and redress any ethical lapses quickly.

Ellen R. Sauerbrey (R):

It can't be denied that lobbyists are an essential part of the legislative
process. There are generally lobbyists on both sides of issues and they present
valuable information. However, they don't have to wine and dine legislators to
provide that information.

With the same people running Annapolis for the past 30 years, an old-boy network
has evolved. Gerard Evans, a prominent Annapolis lobbyist, testified that
lobbyists often receive business from legislators who refer clients to them.
Some lobbyists are also instrumental in raising funds for legislators from their
clients. The time has come to replace the cozy clique in Annapolis with
thoughtful, concerned individuals who will represent the interests of Maryland
citizens, not special interests or their own political interests.

As governor, I would support legislation that bans the wining and dining that
currently plagues the political process. I'd also support: legislation that
requires the reporting of pre-session campaign contributions within the first
two weeks of the General Assembly session; legislation that provides full
disclosure of legislators' conflict of interest forms to the public; and
legislation that requires those who contribute more than $ 100 to disclose their
employers.

Despite the progress that has been made, the best type of reform is to elect
people with unquestionable integrity. Citizens need to take control of their own
destiny and put honest, trustworthy people in Annapolis. It's the people's
government, not the special interests'.

People are tired of the cozy clique in Annapolis. A Sauerbrey administration
will restore integrity to the State House.

NEXT WEEK: Candidates answer a question about football stadiums.

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 9, 2008 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 11/20/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
David Wright, 133 Linwood Ave., Glen Burnie, Md.; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Sandra Blair, 247 Washington Ave., SW, Brewster, Ohio; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid fine, costs and restitution.

Thomas Solis, 25 Carlisle Ave.; criminal mischief; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
cost and restitution.

Genevieve Diehl, 1735 North Hills Road; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and cost.

Garnett Rodgers, 160 Olde Hickory Road, Mount Wolf; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Christine Orwick, 224 Bermudian Church Road, East Berlin; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Robert Haley, 1262 W. King St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Mary Peck, 118 Cedar Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Michael Peck, 118 Cedar Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Michael Gibson, 3630 Carlisle Road, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Michael Rosenberry, 821 E. Boundary Ave.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Todd Warner, 1624 Monroe St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

David Pressel, 1613 Condor Lane, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Leslie Pressel, 1613 Condor Lane, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Dustin Lee Miller, 121 N. Penn St.; driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, speeding, traffic control devices, driving under suspension; waived to
court.

Luis E. Arocho, 626 S. Pershing Ave; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Jesse L. Fultineer, 326 Warren St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving on roadways laned for traffic, depositing waste on
highway; waived to court.

Bryan T. Evans, 262 Roosevelt Ave.; driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving under suspension, careless driving; held for court.

Iris N. Bordonada, 1124 W. Market St.; resisting arrest, obstruct administration
of law; held for court.

Ernest L. Branch III, 731 N. Pershing Ave.; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Pablo J. Villegas-Beni tez, 733 Vander Ave.; theft from a motor vehicle,
criminal mischief/damage to property, possess instruments of crime,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Roger Glover, 340 E. 23rd St., Baltimore, Md.; criminal conspiracy-forgery,
forgery, theft by deception, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Devin W. Matthews, 907 E. Granby St., Baltimore, Md.; criminal
conspiracy-forgery, forgery-unauthorized act in writing, theft by deception,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

Laura M. Miller, 106 Hamilton St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, failure to stop at red light; waived to court.

Jody C. Filewicz, 32 N. West St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, drivers required to be licensed; waived to court.

Sheldon D. Smith, 370 Lincolnway Drive; driving under the influence-controlled
substance-combination of alcohol/drugs, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Philip J. Innerst, 255 Edgewood Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving on roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Jose R. Montalvo, 214 W. Hope St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, drivers required to be licensed, restrictions on alcoholic
beverages; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             January 3, 2005 Monday

ON THE RECORD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 515 words


Court notes

DUIs

Alcohol -- Ryan M. Fleury, 24, of the 700 block of North Golfcrest, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Joyce S. Cantrell, 49, Peoria, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, to serve five days and
balance stayed pending review and credit for one day served, for driving under
the influence of alcohol and sentenced to concurrent 10 days in jail for driving
while driver's license revoked. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Stanley G. Case III, 28, of the 500 block of East Chestnut Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of
conditional discharge and 30 days in jail, with two days to serve, credit for
one day served, day for day credit to apply and balance stayed pending remission
hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol; and conviction for illegal
transportation of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Brian P. Carothers, 30, Chicago, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Maulikkumar Ombrakash Dave, 26, of the 1700 block of Clearwater
Avenue, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of
court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Recommended
treatment completed.

Drugs -- Scott W. Johnson, 34, of Eleanor Drive, Bloomington, DUI fine of $500
and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence
of drugs; and fined $750 and sentenced to concurrent court supervision for
possession of drug paraphernalia. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Terrence A. Papciak, 65, Cottonwood, Ariz., fined $600, DUI fine of
$500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the
influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Peter J. Bardzinski, 20, Naperville, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Franklin S. March, 36, Clinton, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of conditional discharge for driving under the influence of alcohol; and
fined $750 for possession of drug paraphernalia. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Carrie J. Stark, 24, of the 1700 block of Springfield Road,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Travis J. Rojas, 21, Rice, Minn., fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and 90 days in jail, with 30
days to serve and balance stayed pending remission hearing, for driving under
the influence of alcohol and driving while driver's license suspended. Must
complete recommended treatment.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                              March 2, 2009 Monday

Police log

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 669 words


Chambersburg

SIMPLE ASSAULT: Jose L. Cruz, 20, 2555 Lincoln Way West, was arrested and
charged with simple assault after he allegedly assault his girlfriend, Tiffany
R. Bird, on a sidewalk outside of her residence at 205 E. Liberty St., Saturday
at 1:16 a.m., Chamberbsurg police said.

Police said Bird suffered a head injury in the altercation.

(Incident No. C2009-02037)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Robert E. Dingle, 42, 5040 Burkholder Road, was
arrested for driving under the influence after a traffic stop at 1080 Wayne Ave.
Saturday at 11:24 a.m., Chambersburg police said.

(Incident No. C2009-02082)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Douglas Scott Christy, 30, Hagerstown, Md., was
arrested for driving under the influence after his vehicle was seen traveling
without headlights near the intersection of Queen Street and Water Street Friday
at 2:30 a.m., Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said.

(Incident No. H03-1831427) Greencastle

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: James W. Eckstine, 25, Chambersburg, was arrested
for driving under the influence after his vehicle was stopped on North Antrim
Way Saturday at 2:34 a.m., Greencastle police said.

(Incident No. 09-0284)

Hamilton Township

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Jeffrey Lynn Bradley, no age provided, 1534
Crottlestown Road, was arrested as a fugitive from justice at 875 Lincoln Way
West Thursday at 2:50 p.m., Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said.

Police were investigating an indecent exposure incident when it was discovered
Bradley was wanted on a warrant from West Virginia and arrested.

(Incident No. H03-1831306)

SIMPLE ASSAULT: Marcus Allen Bunker, 19, Chambersburg, was arrested and charged
with simple assault and harassment after an incident Feb. 23 at his residence at
44 Maribeth Drive.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said in a release Monday that Troopers
were contacted by a 19-year-old female who claimed she was assaulted by her
child's father. Police spoke with the victim and observed injuries to her face.

Police said Bunker was taken into custody without incident.

(Incident no. H03-1830575)

McConnellsburg

THEFT: A man is behind bars today on charges that he swiped a bottle of tequila
and a bottle of Jagermeister from the Wine and Spirits Store in Ayr Township at
2 p.m. Friday.

Joshua Eugene Jones, 28, no permanent address, was charged with retail theft and
placed in Franklin County Jail in lieu of $2,500 bail, according to Pennsylvania
State Police, Chambersburg. The Jose Cuervo was valued at $12.99 and the
Jagermeister at $19.99.

(Incident No. G05-1149576)

Newburg

MEGAN'S LAW VIOLATION: A Newburg area man has been charged with failing to
comply with Megan's Law.

Brian Etchberger, 43, of East Creek Road in Hopewell Township, Cumberland
County, failed to comply with requirements to register as a sexual offender
between Dec. 5 and March 3, according to Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle. He
was arraigned at Cumberland County Prison.

He is listed on Pennsylvania's Megan's Law Web site as living on North Penn
Street in Shippensburg Township as of Dec. 15.

(Incident No. H02-1832033)

Guilford Township

ACCIDENT: A man was sending a text message when his pickup truck crashed
Wednesday on Feaster Road in Guilford Township.

Police caught up with William E. Roth, 33, of Coldsmith Road, Greencastle, the
next day. He faces several unspecified charges for the 9:18 p.m. crash.

Roth was text messaging on a hand-held cell phone and lost control of his truck
on a curve at 157 Feaster Road, according to Pennsylvania State Police,
Chambersburg. His 1998 Ford F150 ran off the south side of the road, down an
embankment and into a tree. Roth walked away and was apprehended on Thursday.

Roth was arrested at 9:08 p.m. Thursday after he allegedly argued with a woman
at Coldsmith Road in St. Thomas Township. He slapped the woman's arm and grabbed
her by the throat before running away, police said.

Roth was charged with simple assault, harassment and terroristic threats. He
posted $10,000 bail on Thursday.

(Incident No. H03-1831170)

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            April 20, 2006 Thursday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 339 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
J.C. Bodkins, Salem Road, Etters; manufacture, deliver, possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Luis Gonzalez, Ridge Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Keith Livingston, E. Broadway, Etters; manufacture, deliver, possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Richard Wilson, Capital Hill Road, Dillsburg; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

August Chamberlin, N. Market St., Elizabethtown; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Regan Stroman, Carlisle Road, Dover; criminal mischief; held for court.

David Mull, Birch Lane, Carlisle; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jimmy Stoll Jr., Conewago Ave., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

James Harvey, College Ave., Lancaster; theft by unlawful taking; fugitive.

Brett Coy, River Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; held for court.

Robert G. Davis, Terry Drive, Oberlin; retail theft; waived to court.

Dennis West, Cly Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; held for court.

William Magill, N. George St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Kitts, First Ave., Manchester; simple assault; held for court.

Shawun Bennett, Wilson St., York Haven; marijuana, small amount; waived to
court.

John E. Hoffmaster, N. Charles St., Red Lion; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Robert L. Myers, Lewisberry Road, New Cumberland; statutory sexual assault;
waived to court.

John A. Freet, Cherry St., Duncannon; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Eugene Blystone, Conewago Alley, York Haven; marijuana, small amount; held for
court.

Steven R. Dohn Jr., Village Drive; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Sandra Gobat, Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Shane Shaffer, Pear Ave., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 21, 2005, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Men of 'Idol' step up to the mike

BYLINE: Bill Keveney

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 754 words

American Idol is down to 24, with 12 men singing tonight and 12 women on Tuesday
(Fox, 8 p.m. ET/PT). Viewers will vote and the bottom two male and female
hopefuls will be eliminated Wednesday (9 p.m. live ET/tape PT). USA TODAY's Bill
Keveney looks at the men:

Bo Bice, 29

Helena, Ala.

High notes: Alabama native has opened for Blackfoot and Warrant.


Musical influences: "An eclectic variety," including Jim Croce, James Taylor,
Led Zeppelin and Willie Nelson.

Why do you want to be the American Idol? "This is just something I wanted to use
as a sounding board for my music and maybe put me into something else."

David Brown, 20

New Orleans

High notes: Honed vocal skills with classical training; studied music business
at New Orleans' Delgado Community College.

Musical influence: His uncle, Jerry Davis Jr. "He taught me how to convey
messages in songs."

Why should you be the American Idol? "I have dreads. They didn't get nobody with
dreads yet."

Anthony Fedorov, 19

Trevose, Pa.

High notes: Born in the Ukraine; developed singing skills after tracheotomy in
infancy that had doctors questioning whether he would even speak.

Favorite performer: Usher.

On the judges' reactions: "They look at me with hope that they want to see some
good things out of me and I'll do my best not to let them down."

Judd Harris, 27

New York, N.Y.

High notes: New Orleans native; lead singer for funk/rock band Visible From
Space.

Musical influences: New Orleans artists The Meters, The Neville Brothers,
Professor Longhair and James Booker.

Why did you audition? "I've been talking about this show with all my friends for
a long time. So, here I am."

Constantine Maroulis, 29

New York, N.Y.

High notes: Toured with international cast of Rent, playing Roger; plays with
New York hard-rock band Pray for the Soul of Betty.

Musical influences: Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra, Billie Holiday, Jim Morrison.

Why did you audition? "A friend of mine sort of coerced me into it. She twisted
my arm. We checked it out. It worked out. Here we are."

Joseph Murena, 26

Smithtown, N.Y.

High notes: Auditioned for Showtime at the Apollo; studies acting/voice in New
York City.

Musical influences: His cousin, Barbara; Steve Perry, Al Green, Smokey Robinson.


Why do you want to be the American Idol? "I want people to be able to look back
at moments in their life and have me be the timeline for it."

Anwar Robinson, 25

Elizabeth, N.J.

High notes: As member of Newark Boys' Chorus performed at President Clinton's
inauguration.

Musical influences: Stevie Wonder, Karen Clark Sheard.

What about men vs. men? "I like this first so I can sharpen my skills as a male
artist . . .  I think it makes you pinpoint more of what you like in a singer."

Scott Savol, 28

Shaker Heights, Ohio

High notes: Plays trumpet and piano; has sung at city festivals, and church and
school functions.

Musical influence: His Aunt Janet.

Why are you in the competition? "To be on national TV and get to showcase your
talent, that's a tremendous opportunity that shouldn't be taken lightly. "

Nikko Smith, 22

Town & Country, Mo.

High notes: Longtime member of singing group Team 11; son of St. Louis
Cardinals' Ozzie Smith.

Favorite performer: "Prince is like the real American Idol."

Why should you be the American Idol? "I want to bring music back to the good old
days, like Sam Cooke or Marvin Gaye."

Travis Tucker, 21

Manassas, Va.

High notes: Studying math education at the University of Virginia; describes
vocal style as R&B/hip-hop.

Musical influence: His father and mother, Alton and Jeanette. "Just growing up,
we had all kinds of songs. They used to sing us a song when they were pushing us
on the swing. "

Favorite performer: Usher.

Mario Vazquez, 27

New York, N.Y.

High notes: While in high school, he educated youths through City Kids Repertory
Group; works with emerging music artists.

Musical influences: Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson, Prince, Donnie Hathaway.

On Simon Cowell: "The English accent, whatever he says cuts deeper. And he's
unpredictable."

Jared Yates, 18

Danville, Ill.

High notes: Senior at Schlarman Catholic High School, where he performs in plays
and concerts.

Musical influences: Marc Anthony, Celine Dion, Mariah Carey.

Favorite song: Breakaway by Kelly Clarkson. "The words are incredible, like 'I
won't forget the place I come from.' "

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (12)

TYPE: TELEVISION

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 31, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 07/31/2009

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 505 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, New berry and Conewago
town ships, Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Megan Amber Arnold, York Haven; endangering the welfare of a child, recklessly
endangering another person, simple assault; waived to court.

Sean Arnold, Dover; simple assault, harassment-subject other to physical abuse;
held for court.

Clarence L. Chubb Jr., Etters; driving under the influence, turning movements
and required signals; held for court.

Randy Eugene Rife, Etters; driving under the influence, turning movements,
required signals; waived to court.

Andrew Manny Morcos; driving under the influence, disregard traffic control
devices; held for court.

Scott D. Smithers, Camp Hill; retail theft, theft by deception; waived to court.

Charles M. Bortner Jr., Dover; accidents involving death or personal injury,
accident involving damage to attended vehicle; held for court.

Ryan C. Knaby, Enola; driving under the influence, duties at stop sign; waived
to court.

Vicki Diane Hunt, Lewisberry; driving under the influence, failure to obey
authorized person directing traffic; waived to court.

Dorothy A. Pierce, New Cumberland; accident involving damage to attended
vehicle; held for court.

Michelle S. Green, New Cumberland; identity theft, theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

David Lynn Ebersole Jr., Manchester; driving under the influence, careless
driving, operating vehicle without required financial responsibility; waived to
court.

Justin A. Lepley, York Haven; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Daniel Blaine Fry, Lewisberry; driving under the influence, speeding; waived to
court.

Kevin Echard, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Harry R. Carroll, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Steven Anthony Shawe, Baltimore, Md.; receiving stolen property, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Zachary Robert Wil liams, Lewisberry; aggravated assault by vehicle while
driving under the influence, driving under the influence; driving unregistered
vehicle; waived to court.

Amanda R. Bolling, Etters; disorderly conduct; moved to non-traffic.

Kevin Lee Starr, Harrisburg; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Christy Linkhauer, York Haven; bad checks; settled.

Gregory R. Thomas, Bainbridge; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Reese Lee Lightner, Lewisberry; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Michelle Lee Euculano, Manchester; driving while operator's privilege suspended
or revoked; moved to non-traffic.

Ibrahim Oumarou, Harrisburg; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Cynthia Ann Chango, Etters; criminal mischief, harassment, disorderly conduct;
moved to non-traffic.

Vincent L. Kemper, York Haven; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Erik James Dick, Steelton; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Tasha Marie Russell, Steelton; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Nevarro Edward Sickles, Harrisburg; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Herbert Li Byrd, Lemoyne; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           August 15, 2007 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 08/14/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Ruth Brunner, Rittner Highway, Carlisle; bad checks; held for court.

Angela Leggs, N. Hanover Street, Carlisle; bad checks; held for court.

Shane Ritter, York Haven Road, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Andrew Rishel, Oakham Drive; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Theresa Leber, Chestnut Hill Road, Dillsburg; bad checks; held for court.

Tracey Jones, Sherman Street; bad checks; waived to court.

Ernest Dykes, N. 18th Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jeffrey Cravener, E. Philadelphia Street; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Brian Myers, Lewisberry Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Justin Jacoby, Cemetery Road, Manchester; criminal trespass-break into
structure; waived to court.

Traci Ziegelmeir, Chestnut Way, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

James Scarbary, P.O. Box, Lawrenceville, Ga.; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Danny McLaughlin, Front Street, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived
to court.
---
District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships; Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Alfonso Rosado, 42 S. Penn St.; driving under the influence: general impairment,
driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving under the influence:
controlled substance, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of alcohol and drugs; waived to court.

Adam Joseph Buckel, 85 Sinclair Circle, Wrightsville; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Dori Lynn Bartles, 213 Roosevelt Ave.; possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Gilberto Huertas, 669 W. College Ave.; access device fraud; held for court in
absentia.

Luis A. Gonzalez-Rivera, 135 Hitching Post Lane, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           August 15, 2007 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 08/15/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Ruth Brunner, Rittner Highway, Carlisle; bad checks; held for court.

Angela Leggs, N. Hanover Street, Carlisle; bad checks; held for court.

Shane Ritter, York Haven Road, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Andrew Rishel, Oakham Drive; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Theresa Leber, Chestnut Hill Road, Dillsburg; bad checks; held for court.

Tracey Jones, Sherman Street; bad checks; waived to court.

Ernest Dykes, N. 18th Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jeffrey Cravener, E. Philadelphia Street; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Brian Myers, Lewisberry Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Justin Jacoby, Cemetery Road, Manchester; criminal trespass-break into
structure; waived to court.

Traci Ziegelmeir, Chestnut Way, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

James Scarbary, P.O. Box, Lawrenceville, Ga.; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Danny McLaughlin, Front Street, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived
to court.
---
District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships; Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Alfonso Rosado, 42 S. Penn St.; driving under the influence: general impairment,
driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving under the influence:
controlled substance, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of alcohol and drugs; waived to court.

Adam Joseph Buckel, 85 Sinclair Circle, Wrightsville; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Dori Lynn Bartles, 213 Roosevelt Ave.; possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Gilberto Huertas, 669 W. College Ave.; access device fraud; held for court in
absentia.

Luis A. Gonzalez-Rivera, 135 Hitching Post Lane, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             April 12, 2002 Friday

Acton -- Edwin I. Perez, 29, 17 Dix St., Dorchester; operating under the
influence of alcohol. -- Timothy K. Gendron, 35, 60 Cross Road, Lunenburg;
operating under the influence of alcohol;
marked lanes violation, illegal possession of marijuana.

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 433 words


-- Steve O. Green, 22, 122 22nd Nellis St., Queens, N.Y.; receiving stolen
property,

larceny of a motor vehicle. Ayer -- Philip G. Stamas, 41, 20 Burlington Ave.,
Lowell;

operating under the influence of alcohol, speeding, illegal possession of
marijuana.

-- Stephanie S. McAndrew, 21, 25 Jackson St.; assault and battery; assault with

a dangerous weapon, two counts. -- Sally Wood, 56, 52 Chapel St., Shirley,
driving

while intoxicated. Boxboro -- Lorenzo Jackson, 49, 232 Wallace St., Providence,

R.I.; operating an unregistered motor vehicle, operating with a suspended
license;

warrant for motor vehicle charges. Dunstable -- Frank W. Kavalowskas, 35, 306
Depot

St.; domestic assault and battery. Groton -- Craig A. Boyle, 18, 6 Claire St.,

Tewksbury; operating under the influence of alcohol, speeding. -- 15-year-old
Groton

female; runaway, unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle. Littleton -- Wilba
Simmons,

42, 96 East Main St., Ayer; larceny of a motor vehicle. -- Derek Melvin, 20, 279

South St., Marlboro; operating with a suspended license. Pepperell -- Gail F.
Galgay,

49, 42 Ascutney St., Windsor, Vt.; operating under the influence of alcohol,
marked

lanes violation. -- Chad A. Ingersoll, 21, 45 Shattuck St.; operating under the

influence, second offense, operating after suspension for OUI, failure to keep

right. -- Annmarie Giaquinto, 21, 103 Main St., Groton; drunken driving, illegal

possession of marijuana-subsequent offense, speeding, marked lanes violation.

State police -- Michael P. Martin, 33, 55 North St., Westford; by Concord
barracks;

operating under the influence of alcohol, marked lanes violation, following too

close, speeding.Lowell -- Mark D. Russo, 19, 35 Wheeler St., Dracut;
shoplifting.

-- Hector L. Rosado, 23, 423 Broadway St., unit 3; threat to commit crime,
intimidation

of a witness. -- Jenny Lebron, 27, 47 S. Whipple St., unit 6; conspiracy to
violate

drug laws. -- Manuel DePaulo, 26, 77 Merrimack St., unit 7; operating not
licensed

so to do. -- Gregory P. Whitney, 29, 1226 Pawtucket Blvd.; disorderly conduct,

assault and battery on a police officer, resisting arrest. -- Danielle L.
Accardi,

24, 270 Littleton Road, Chelmsford; warrant for uninsured motor vehicle, driving

with a suspended license, and unregistered motor vehicle. -- Binnat Van, 50, 26

Grand St., second floor; disorderly conduct. -- Diego Santana, 40, 281 Howard
St.,

Lawrence; trafficking over 14 grams of cocaine, trafficking over 14 grams of
cocaine

in a school zone, conspiracy to violate drug laws.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

More Crime Watch for 4/5/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 569 words


District Judge Barry L. Bloss Jr.'s office covers Springetts bury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.

DISPOSITIONS

Jay Lawrence Jr., 313 E. Princess St.; retail theft; bound over to court.

Stephen Nelson, 700 W. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Miguel Ascenio Ayala, 3400 Concord Road; aggravated assault, assault by
prisoner; bound over to court.

John Carter, 91 Cypress Point Road, Felton; burglary, theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Derrik Flaharty, 428 E. Main St., Apt. 3, Dallastown; burglary, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Charles Jacques, 2221 E. Philadelphia St.; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and cost.

Max Jureckson, 2732 Brookfield Road, Lancaster; possession of marijuana-small
amount for personal use, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Ian O'Connor, 17 Donovan Court, Brunswick, Md.; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Christopher Stone, 4273 Britain Drive; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Thomas Richmond, 751 Priority Road; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

William Kuit, 1301 St. Paul St., Apt 76, Baltimore, Md.; disorderly conduct,
underage drinking; pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and cost.

Brad Williams, 245 E. College Ave.; driving under the influence, possession of
small amount of marijuana; bound over to court-failed to appear.

Felicia Stump, 3601 New Holland Drive, Wilmington, N.C.; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

John Hoffman, 1225 Mill Mar Road, Lancaster; driving under the influence,
possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Valerie Kahler, 205 Fig Tree Way, Manchester; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and cost.

Kaoru Booher, 1180 Simmontown Road, Gap; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Kayla Grove, 1204 E. Poplar St.; retail theft; bound over to court.

Timothy Mertz, 150 Sylvan Retreat Road, Columbia; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Miquel Lopez, 1255 E. Orange St., Apt. A-1, Lancaster; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Wendy Stough, 300 Quaker Meeting Road, Wrightsville; driving under the influence
; waived to court.

Kerry Clark Jr., 3476 N. George St., Emigsville; firearms not to be carried
without a license, criminal attempt to possess with intent to deliver marijuana,
possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; bound over to court.

Holly Wentzler, 4100 Camberlay Drive; possession with intent to deliver
marijuana; waived to court.

Charles Lowrie, 151 Stevens Ave.; possession with intent to deliver marijuana (2
counts); waived to court.

Brandon Looks, 479 Campbell Road; possession with intent to deliver marijuana (2
counts); waived to court.

Christian Roman, 914 E. Market St., 2nd floor; theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

Justin Medina, 70 Cherokee Lane, Windsor; possession of marijuana-small amount
for personal use; waived to court.

Kimberly Rhine, 2018 Valley View Lane, Seven Valleys; forgery (6 counts); waived
to court.

Eric Deardorff, 53 S. Pine St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Wayne Crites Jr., 2101 Worth St.; bad checks; waived to court.

Jessica Martin, 124 Hershey Mill Road, Apt. B-4, Mountville; retail theft;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 8, 2004 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 522 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114. Most contempt warrants can be taken care
of by contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

Jason L. Orman, aka Hall - 33, Mullan, three warrants of attachment, exhibition
of a deadly weapon, reckless driving, obstructing and delaying an officer,
killing game during closed season, $562 cash bond.

David C. Overstreet Jr. - 32, Coeur d'Alene, warrant of attachment, driving
while suspended, $366 cash bond.

Sandra E. Padrta - 47, Greenacres, Wash., bench warrant for probation violation,
possession of a controlled substance, $20,000 bond.

Bradley W. Palin - 41, Corvallis, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving under
the influence, fictitious display of license plates, failure to purchase a
driver's license, possession of a concealed weapon, $382 cash bond.

Justin W. Pardun - 30, Wallace, warrant of attachment, possession of a drug
paraphernalia, $100 cash bond.

Luke E. Patrick - 30, Polson, Mont., warrant of attachment, inattentive driving,
driving without privileges, $520 bond.

Shenan D. Patrick - 38, Silverton, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $539 cash bond.

Melissa L. Payne - 30, Whitman, W. Va., warrant of arrest, grand theft, $1,500
cash bond.

Robert E. Payne - 45, Decaturville, Tenn., warrant of attachment, driving under
the influence, $1,181 bond.

Dale W. Peacock - 45, Everett, Wash., bench warrant, driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

Samuel L. Pearson - 42, Athol, warrant of attachment, two bench warrants,
insufficient funds checks, failure to show proof of insurance, $2,102 bond, 90
days in jail.

Patrick R. Pederson - 55, Helena, Mont., warrant of attachment, pedestrian under
the influence, failure to obey a lawful order, $88 cash bond.

George F. Pelly Jr. - 40, Butte, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving while
suspended, $278 bond.

Jane E. Pemberton - 50, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $578 bond.

Burton E. Pendelton - 36, Spokane, warrant of attachment, petty theft,
obstructing officers, $283 cash bond.

Robert E. Penley - 68, Cedar Crest, N.M., warrant of attachment, driving under
the influence, transporting open container, $264 cash bond.

Randall C. Perkins, aka Siekawitch - 35, Yakima, Wash., warrant of attachment,
grand theft, driving without privileges, $266 bond.

Marcus J. Peschel - 32, Spokane, warrant of arrest, failure to carry a driver's
license, $100 bond.

David L. Peterson - 61, Carlsbad, N.M., bench warrant, driving under the
influence, $500 bond.

James H. Peterson - 25, Osburn, bench warrant, driving without privileges,
$1,000 bond.

Jason E. Petrosky - 30, Pemberton, Wash., warrant of attachment, two bench
warrants, driving under the influence, failure to purchase a driver's license,
$4,678 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 9, 2007 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 10/09/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 993 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Michael Krone, Bobby Jones Drive, Etters; marijuana-small amount for personal
use; held for court.

David Carr, 8th Street, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Lisa Malley, Dorwart Circle, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Heather Reed, Wayne Street, Summerdale; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Richard Davis, Timber Lane, New Cumberland; acquire or obtain possession of
controlled substance; waived to court.

Athina Etnoyer, 2nd Street, Highspire; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Brandon Beaston, Mall Road, Etters; aggravated assault; held for court.

Daniel Breeding, Maple Avenue, Baltimore, Md.; simple assault; waived to court.

Lisa Cruz, Bobby Jones Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Stephen Glassick, Second Street, Mount Wolf; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property; held for court.

David Heffelfinger, Erney Road, Dover; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Lindsey Schell, Old Trail Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Edward Ward Jr., Garnet Road; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Shari Baer, Drexel Place, New Cumberland; harassment; waived to court.

Brian Boyce Jr., E. Philadelphia Street; criminal mischief; waived to court.

Daniel Fiorenza, Stillhouse Lane, Etters; bad checks; held for court.

Brenda Collins, N. Sixth Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Nathaniel Husler, Observatory Drive, Lewisberry; simple assault; held for court.

Steven Woodburn, Salem Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Matthew Streeval, White Birch Lane, Etters; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Daniel Hocker, Fetrow Lane, New Cumberland; simple assault; waived to court.

Mark Troup Jr., Valley Road, Marysville; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Darren Crumm, York Haven Road, Manchester; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Danielle Koellner, Shuey Lane, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Shane Liddick, Newport Road, Duncannon; theft by deception; waived to court.

Paul Newton, Commerce Drive, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Amy Hoehne, N. 4th Street, Harrisburg; defiant trespass/fenced/enclosed; waived
to court.

Brennan Cornish, N. 4th Street, Harrisburg; theft of services; waived to court.

Julio Baez-Rodriguez, S. Queen Street; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Ernest Ford, W. Mulberry Street, Baltimore, Md.; theft by deception; waived to
court.

Otto Britto-Castillo, South Pershing Avenue; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Alexander Concepcion, Cambridge Avenue, Bronx, N.Y.;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver; held for
court.

Patricia Kaeppel, Mountain View Drive, Etters; possession of marijuana; held for
court.

Amanda Mikos, Fox Chase Drive, Dover; retail theft; held for court.

Dennis Grieff, Boeing Road, New Cumberland; harassment; waived to court.

Debra Klunk, Whisler Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Lynn Starner, Union Deposit Road, Harrisburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Dawn Heller, Old Trail Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jeffrey Kelly Jr., Hillpoint Drive, Etters; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Steven Billet, Midland Avenue; criminal trespass-enter structure; waived to
court.

Jesse Eledge, N. East Street, Carlisle; theft by unlawful taking; held for
court.

Donald Ebersole, Red Bank Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Patrick Kinsella, Norman Avenue, Buffalo, N.Y.; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Dustin R. South, Hoop Cemetery Road, Blountsville, Ala.; driving under the
influence; held for court.

Abraham Weisel, Kise Mill Road, York Haven; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Brent Crompton, Sledzinski Road, Lake Ariel; operating vehicle without valid
inspection; waived to court.

Kimberly Singh, S. Richland Avenue; theft of services; held for court.

Brad Swartswelder, Masters Drive, Arnold, Md.; bad checks; held for court.

Aaron Smith III, Waldorf Drive; simple assault; waived to court.

Brian Yeakel, N. Hellertown Avenue, Quakertown; driving under the influence;
held for court.

William Snyder, Lakeside Avenue, Harrisburg; habitual offenders; waived to
court.

Kenneth Tucker, Brookwood Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Joseph Puliti, Pine Tree Drive, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Curtis Anderson, Spanglers Mill Road, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Wendy Baldic, Bridge Street Rear, New Cumberland; possession of controlled
substance; waived to court.

Jason Raniero, Hill Point Drive; Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Christina Holler, Kings Highway, Marysville; receiving stolen property; held for
court.

---
District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chanceford and Peach
Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
John M. Fisher, 39 N. Castle Fin Road, Airville; driving under the influence,
agricultural vandalism; held for court.

Richard Wayne Lane, Unit 23, 13035 Collinsville Road, Brogue; possession of
marijuana, possession/use of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Joshua Moran, c/o York County Prison; burglary, criminal trespass, criminal
conspiracy/burglary, criminal conspiracy/criminal trespass, theft by unlawful
taking, criminal conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Andre Darnell Carter, c/o York County Prison; unlawful delivery, possession with
intent to deliver; waived to court.

Michael Eugene Frysinger Jr., 1884 Raub Road, Felton; driving under the
influence; no rear lights; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             July 13, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 346 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for any information about the following people, who are identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's department at (208)
263-8417, or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

MISDEMEANORS

Cammeron  A. Muniz - 20, Libby, Mont., failure to comply for
possession/consumption/purchase of alcohol by a minor, $152 bond.

Tanya P. Myers - 20, Oldtown, failure to comply for
possession/consumption/purchase of alcohol by a minor, $100 bond.

Jeffery B. Nelson - 33, Laclede, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

David S. Newcomb - 42, Laclede, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$578 bond.

Gina M. Nielsen  - 35, Sagle, failure to comply for resisting/obstructing
officers, $200 bond.

Charles A. Nixon - 46, Spokane, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $140 bond.

Stacy L. Norbury  - 29, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$588 bond.

Christopher Nunnes  - 22, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/resisting and
obstructing peace officer, $200 bond.

Terry Olazabal  - 44, Sandpoint, parole violation/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

Samuel K. Olsen - 45, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Brandon C. Olson - 20, Spokane, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$500 bond.

Gregory P. Otero - 46, Sagle, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Jose A. Pacheco Jr. - 32, Kootenai, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Bobby L. H. Pagaling - 22, Cusick, Wash., failure to appear/petty theft, $5,000
bond.

Randall  Palazzo - 39, Tucson, Ariz., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $300 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 4, 2012 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 09/4/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 584 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Nakoma C. Richardson, 125 E. Cottage Place; reckless endangering another person,
disorderly conduct, reckless driving, harassment; waived to court.

Paul A. Krinitsin, 70 Dietz Estates; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely (4th offense), driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, disorderly conduct, possession of fireworks,
operating vehicle without ignition interlock; waived to court.

Amanda M. Brown, 1003 Caspian Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, disregard single traffic lane; waived to court.

Christopher Chung, 1 Hurst Court, Nottingham, Md.; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
minor, minor operating vehicle with alcohol in system, restrictions on alcoholic
beverages; held for court.

Monica M. Eaton, 584 Company St.; false reports, false identification to police,
harassment; waived to court.

Lindbergh Carlos Jr., 643 W. King St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Leslie Wolgamuth, 1871 Lancaster Pike, Peach Bottom; earned income tax

violation; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Meredyth Easterly, 1229 Winding Oak Drive;

application for dog license; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

James Criswell, 6906 W. Country Club Drive, North, Sarasota, FL; earned income
tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Tracy Weyand, 171 Slab Road, Delta; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Billie Kearse Feliciano, Colonial Landscape De velopment, 6343 Lake Road;
employer's quarterly tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rosemary Tetreault, 627 E. Market St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Barry Markle, 623 W. Green St., West Hazelton; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Heriberto Hernandez-Reyes, 2727 Herr St., Harrisburg; criminal mischief; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Mark A. Ferree, 1175 Tower Road; earned income tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Lamar B. Anderson, 2415 Clearview Lane, Spring Grove; earned income tax

violation (2 counts); found guilty, paid fine and costs.

April Collier, The Coun try Cafc, 728 E. Market St.; business/mercantile
business tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Andrew Rohrbaugh, 315 W. Cottage Place; mercan-

tile/business tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Roman Saxon, NFA;

harassment; found guilty, serve time.

Paul Hagerman Jr., 21616A York Road, Freeland, Md.; earned income tax violation;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Larry Golden II, Gruv er's Bakery Inc., 34 E. Main St., Dallastown;
mercantile/business privilege tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Larry Golden II, Gruv er's Bakery Inc., 34 E. Main St., Dallastown; employer's
quarterly tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Ryan Mako, 448 Blue Ridge Drive; earned income tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

James K. Waltemyer, 14 Maryland Ave., Windsor; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Lisa Orndorff, 555 S. Franklin St., Hanover; earned income tax violation; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lena Fa, 288 W. Cottage Place; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Terry Blosser Jr., 1406 W. Market St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 5, 2009 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 742 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Lauren Abshire, Redwood Valley, Calif., reported Thursday the $58,600 theft of a
TV and household appliances from the 1300 block of E. Seasons Road in Athol.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Penny Friedlander

Jennifer K. Hollowell, 26, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges (second
offense), amended to driving without privileges (first offense); $300 fine, five
days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 180 days driver's license
suspension.

Dean D. Chapman, 43, Plummer; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (140 days suspended) or 72 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Peter P. Faust, 46, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000, 180 days in
jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Sylvia L. Eisenlord, 46, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence, amended to
inattentive driving; $300 fine ($150 suspended), 90 days in jail (80 days
suspended), one year probation.

Judge James Stowe

Bruce E. Larsen, 53, Hayden; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days in
jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Treva R. Shaw, 45, Post Falls; driving under the influence (second offense);
$2,000 fine ($1,500 suspended), 365 days in jail (335 days suspended) or 40
hours county work program, 365 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Shawn L. Plese, 32, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 90 days
in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Brandon G. Thomas, 27, Spokane; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days
in jail (176 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

James S. Smith, 50, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence excessive (second
offense), amended to driving under the influence excessive (first offense);
$2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 56
hours county work program, 365 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Douglie P. Sloan, 49, Post Falls; driving under the influence, amended to
reckless driving; $750, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 72 hours county
work program, 30 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Kyle R. Lasch, 21, Rathdrum; driving under the influence (second offense),
amended to driving under the influence (first offense); $1,000 fine, 180 days in
jail (130 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Janet P. Carroll, 50, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence, amended to
driving under the influence excessive; $2,000 fine ($1,750 suspended), 365 days
in jail (260 days suspended), 365 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

David E. McDaniel, 44, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense); $1,000 fine, 180 days in jail (150 days suspended) or 72 hours county
work program, 365 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Joan Mitchell

Angela R. Hall-Johnson, 23, Coeur d'Alene; count I: possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; $87.50 fine, 180 days in jail. Count II:
injury to child; $87.50 fine, 180 days in jail.

Judge Charles Hosack

Eric L. Wishart, 42, Hayden; driving under the influence; $132.50 fine, 180 days
in jail, 90 days driver's license suspension.

Civil complaints

Mountain West Bank v. Victor Berzins and Deborah Berzins, plaintiff seeking
$55,659.

Andrew Robles v. Tanya Chiono and A Touch of Romance, plaintiff seeking $3,500.

Andrew Robles v. Tanya Chiono and A Touch of Romance, plaintiff seeking $3,440.

Capital One Bank v. Susan Lowry, plaintiff seeking $4,808.

Discover Bank v. Joseph Jones, plaintiff seeking $9,106.

High Tech Heating and Cooling v. Sean Hammond dba Wild Goose Homes and Laura
Hammond; Fred Alexander and Overhead Door Inc. and Fred's Appliance Inc. and
Eagle Insulation Inc., plaintiff seeking $6,200.

Civil judgments

Peterson Enterprises Inc. dba Valley Empire Collection v. Joseph Volkman,
plaintiff awarded $3,273.

Civil dismissals

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Elizabeth Page and Thomas Page.

Midland Funding LLC v. Shari Griffin.

Citibank v. Toby Bauer.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

RI State Police Arrest Seven Subjects for Driving Under the Influence During the
Weekend

LENGTH: 292  words


Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested seven (7) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated during the
weekend. State Police also arrested a Woonsocket resident for Reckless
Driving/Street Racing after Troopers observed him and another unknown vehicle
racing at a high rate of speed on Route 146 South in the Town of Lincoln.


The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
intoxicated:
Addulrahman Othman, age 23, of 132 Doyle Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence (BAC .150/.150)
Jeremy Ramirez, age 26, of 36 King Phillip Street, Providence, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(Blood Results)
oReckless Driving
oDisorderly Conduct
oOperating on a Suspended License
Marvin Hernandez, age 24, of 52 Richmond Street, New Bedford, Massachusetts
oDriving Under the Influence(BAC - .203/.217)
Melvin Cosme, age 48, of 297 Grove Street, Brockton, Massachusetts
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .203/.211)
Sabastian Tardie, age 25, of 45 Murphy's Way, Uxbridge, Massachusetts
oDriving Under the Influence (BAC - .170/.168)
Apollo Gomes, age 35, of 135 Old Voluntown Road, Exeter, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Jessica Fox, age 49, of 11 Rawson Avenue, Smithfield, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Angel Roman, age 37, of 90 Morin Heights Boulevard in Woonsocket was arrested by
Troopers for Reckless Driving/Street Racing. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

Crime Watch for 07/20/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 203 words


District Judge Scott E. Laird's office covers York Township, Dallastown and Yoe.

DISPOSITIONS

Tyrone Bradley, 3050 Navarone Ave., Richmond, Va.; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Matthew A. Folkenroth, 26 E. Main St., Apt. A, Dallastown; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Justine L. Harr, 70 W. Broad St., Yoe; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Muhammad Nadeem, 311 Bristol Drive; terroristic threats, simple assault,
aggravated assault; held for court.

Jennifer Gross, 9N 2nd St., Apt./Suite Floor 2, Wormleysburg; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Joseph Hotchkiss Jr., 43 E. George St., York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Robert Nelson Jr., 555 Kreutz Creek Road; driving under the influence, operating
vehicle without valid inspection; waived to court.

Sabrina Paul, 2815 Halstead Lane; disorderly conduct; guilty.

Alba Rivera, 322 Wallace St.; truancy; found guilty.

Juvenile, 146 Lexington Road; truancy; found guilty.

Stanley Szopinski, 1729 W. Poplar Terrace; driving under the influence,
fraud-alter/forge title registration; waived to court.

Joshua Sprenkle, 3670 Harrowgate Road; possession of marijuana, driving under
the influence; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 06/27/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.

DISPOSITIONS

Chase Allen Socolovsky, 6448 Baltimore Pike, Littlestown; criminal conspiracy (2
counts), retail theft, retail theft (2 counts), receiving stolen property;
waived to court.

Joshua Bo Rhodes, 6084 Thoman Road, Spring Grove; prohibited offensive weapons,
possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Patti Jo Hiltz, 602 York St., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment (3 counts), accident involving damages to attended vehicle, careless
driving; waived to court.

Dustin Zachary Kloster man, 135 Edward St., Hanover; simple assault, harassment;
waived to court.

Shauna Lynn Bell, 821 W. Alvin St., Hanover; simple assault, selling/furnishing
liquor, harassment; held for court.

Laura E. Stevens, 323.5 Frederick St., second floor, Hanover; use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; pleaded guilty.

Matthew Jared Henig man, 885 McAllister St., Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Jose D. Barajas, 709 York St., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving on
roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Steven Patrick Batka, 8222 Glenville School Road, Glen Rock; terroristic
threats, harassment; held for court.

Frank Edward Garber Jr., 11436 Whiskey Springs Road, Woodsboro, Md.; driving
under the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, careless driving;
held for court.

Adam Charles Marriott, 4 Lucy Court, Reisterstown, Md.; criminal mischief; held
for court.

Dagmary Quintana-Ruiz, 112 Broadway, Apt. 2, Hanover; violations concerning
licenses, driving without a license; held for court.

Lance Thomas Altland, 11 Westminster Ave., Hanover; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Cortney Paige Myers, 279 Beck Mill Road, Hanover; criminal conspiracy, retail
theft, retail theft, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Sheila Louise Schiery, 632 Frederick St., Hanover; criminal conspiracy, retail
theft, retail theft, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Eli Benard Schiery, 632 Frederick St., Hanover; criminal conspiracy, retail
theft, retail theft, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Sheila Louise Schiery, 632 Frederick St., Hanover; criminal conspiracy, retail
theft, retail theft, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Richard Louis Dorsey III, 484 Blooming Grove Road, Hanover; use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Corrina Marie Reese, 484 Blooming Grove Road, Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

---

District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Steven M. Strausbaugh, 3541 School House Road, Dover;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, escape,
resist arrest, criminal mischief-damage property; held for court.

Nicole M. Hager, 225 N. Main St., Red Lion; theft of property
lost/mislaid/delivered by mistake, receiving stolen property, access device
issued to another who did not authorize use (2 counts); waived to court.

Kenneth J. Dohm, 1511 W. Princess St.; statutory sexual assault, indecent
assault-victim under 16 years of age, corruption of minors; waived to court.

Robert W. Smith III, 428 E. Main St., Dallastown; criminal attempt-burglary,
criminal conspiracy-burglary, criminal trespass-break into structure; waived to
court.

Jessica N. Oberholtzer, c/o Lancaster County Prison; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Justin E. Thomas, 1019 W. King St.; firearms not to be carried without a
license, recklessly endangering another person; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 7/14/2010

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 714 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Edward H. Snyder VI, 200 Leedy Road, Spring Grove; retail theft-misdemeanor;
waived to court.

David E. Saulisbury, 23 S. West St.; possession of marijuana; held for court.

Steven M. Lane Jr., 729 Jessop Place; simple assault, harassment, disorderly
conduct; held for court.

Edward H. Snyder VI, 200 Leedy Road, Spring Grove; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Norman J. Austin, 7717 Lincoln Highway, Abbottstown; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
general impairment, careless driving; waived to court.

Karl B. Allingham, 135 S. 3rd St., Mount Wolf; driving under the influence:
controlled substance-schedule 1, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-metabolite; waived to court.

Tanya L. Gilbert, 766 W. Market St.; make repairs/sell, etc. offensive weapons,
simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Karen Fillmore, 124 S. Main St., Shrewsbury; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Mahlon Fillmore, 124 S. Main St., Shrewsbury; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Matthew Frawley, 585 Charles Circle, Hellam; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Holly Frawley, 585 Charles Circle, Hellam; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

James Kreeger, 546 Dupont Ave.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

David Morgan, 151 Woodland Drive, truancy; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Angelina Grunert, 3642 Richard St., Madison, Wis.; weed/vegetation control;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rebecca Claudio, 324 Harding Court; retail theft; found guilty, served time.

William Schneider, 15 Coppergate Drive, Baskinridge, N.J.; underage drinking,
disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jonathan Hibner, 1010 W. Princess St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Taylor Potts, 148 W. Main St., Westminster, Md.; criminal trespass; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Larry Augustus, 3400 Concord Road; disorderly conduct; found guilty, served
time.

Suzanne Purdy, 3400 Concord Road, disorderly conduct; found guilty, served time.

Roman Saxon, 6 S. Highland Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Robert McMillan, 39 N. West St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Anthony Mann, 435 Indian Rock Dam Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Michael Rymer, 307 Briarcliff Road, Rocky Mount, N.C.; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid fine, cost and restitution.

Craig Albright, 25 Sussex Circle; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Derek A. Hilsmeier, P.O. Box 251, Delta; earned income tax; pleaded guilty, paid
cost and fines.

Kyle R. Owens, 3028 Bornt Drive, Dover; earned income tax; pleaded guilty, paid
cost and fines.

Traci A. Owens, 3028 Bornt Drive, Dover; earned income tax; pleaded guilty, paid
cost and fines.

Daniel L. Nugent, Nugent Industries, 410 Carriage Lane, Red Lion; earned income
tax; found guilty, paid cost and fines.

Aubrey Aldons, 1495 Windsor Road, Apt. 4, Red Lion; earned income tax; pleaded
guilty, paid cost and fines.

Andre Chance, 1038 Hearthridge Lane; earned income tax; pleaded guilty, paid
cost and fines.
---
District Judge Dwayne A. Dubs' office covers Hanover.
DISPOSITIONS
Stephanie M. Watson, Manchester Avenue, Westminster, Md.; retention of library
property; found guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Thomas P. Leonard, Pleasant Street, Hanover; snow removal violation at 222
Pleasant St.; found guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Thomas H. Rutledge, High Street, Hanover; park rules enumerated; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Beverly Kopp, McKinley Avenue, Hanover; retail theft; pleaded guilty, ordered to
pay fine and costs.

Pamela Lovell, Third Street, Hanover; truancy violation filed by Hanover Middle
School; pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Dawn Kraft, Poplar Street, Hanover; truancy violation filed by Hanover Middle
School; pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Jessica M. Reger, Second Avenue, Hanover; confinement of dogs, vaccination
required; pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

State's drivers taking risks

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 564 words


By Tim Carpenter

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Kansans are fond of hitting the bottle before jumping behind the wheel.

So pervasive is their willingness to violate one of the supreme tenets of
transportation safety that the state ranks sixth nationally in terms of driving
under the influence of alcohol, according to a recent federal survey.

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services reported 21.1 percent of
Kansas' drivers 18 and older admitted to being impaired by liquor at least once
in the previous year while commanding a vehicle. Among Kansas' neighboring
states, only Nebraska at 22.9 percent, had a more significant problem.

The incidence of driving under the influence ranged from a low of 9.5 percent in
Utah to 26.4 percent in Wisconsin. The national average was 15.1 percent.

"This report highlights the enormous public health risk posed by this problem,"
said Terry Cline, director of the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Services Administration.

Kansas officials working directly to reduce pervasiveness of driving under the
influence of alcohol say the report affirmed the importance of public education
programs designed to deter reckless behavior by motorists.

"We are 100 percent committed to removing impaired drivers from the road," said
Cait Purinton-Day, spokeswoman for the Kansas Highway Patrol.

Highway patrol troopers arrest an average of 3,000 people each year on suspicion
of driving under the influence of alcohol.

Chris Bortz, assistant bureau chief for traffic safety at the Kansas Department
of Transportation, said more than 130 local law enforcement agencies work with
KDOT each year on special enforcement programs.

"We feel like we're making a difference," Bortz said. "We'd argue we're a better
state than is reported in this (survey). We think our alcohol numbers are
getting better."

The federal survey was based on a random sample of U.S. households. In all,
127,000 adults in 2004, 2005 and 2006 were asked whether they had driven under
the influence of alcohol in the past year.

States clustered in the Midwest didn't fare well in this assessment, while
Southern states reported lower incidents of impairment.

States trailing Wisconsin were North Dakota, 24.9 percent; Minnesota, 23.5
percent; Nebraska, 22.9 percent; South Dakota, 21.6 percent; and Kansas, 21.1
percent. Missouri reported 18 percent; Iowa, 17.6 percent; Colorado, 17 percent;
and Oklahoma, 13.7 percent.

Seven of the country's Southern states - West Virginia, Arkansas, North
Carolina, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi and Tennessee - all came in under 13
percent.

Eric Goplerud, research professor at George Washington University Medical
Center, said cultural and demographic issues probably have a role in the higher
rates of driving under the influence in certain states.

He said that religious affiliations in the Southeast often strongly discourage
drinking, but that doesn't occur so much in the upper Midwest.

"A good part of the social life is around drinking," said Goplerud, who is also
director of Ensuring Solutions to Alcohol Problems, which calls for increased
access to treatment programs.

Also, blacks drink at substantially lower rates and at less hazardous rates than
whites, he said. The populations in the Upper Midwest states are heavily white.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Tim Carpenter can be reached

at (785) 295-1158

or timothy.carpenter@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

State's drivers taking risks

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 564 words


By Tim Carpenter

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Kansans are fond of hitting the bottle before jumping behind the wheel.

So pervasive is their willingness to violate one of the supreme tenets of
transportation safety that the state ranks sixth nationally in terms of driving
under the influence of alcohol, according to a recent federal survey.

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services reported 21.1 percent of
Kansas' drivers 18 and older admitted to being impaired by liquor at least once
in the previous year while commanding a vehicle. Among Kansas' neighboring
states, only Nebraska at 22.9 percent, had a more significant problem.

The incidence of driving under the influence ranged from a low of 9.5 percent in
Utah to 26.4 percent in Wisconsin. The national average was 15.1 percent.

"This report highlights the enormous public health risk posed by this problem,"
said Terry Cline, director of the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Services Administration.

Kansas officials working directly to reduce pervasiveness of driving under the
influence of alcohol say the report affirmed the importance of public education
programs designed to deter reckless behavior by motorists.

"We are 100 percent committed to removing impaired drivers from the road," said
Cait Purinton-Day, spokeswoman for the Kansas Highway Patrol.

Highway patrol troopers arrest an average of 3,000 people each year on suspicion
of driving under the influence of alcohol.

Chris Bortz, assistant bureau chief for traffic safety at the Kansas Department
of Transportation, said more than 130 local law enforcement agencies work with
KDOT each year on special enforcement programs.

"We feel like we're making a difference," Bortz said. "We'd argue we're a better
state than is reported in this (survey). We think our alcohol numbers are
getting better."

The federal survey was based on a random sample of U.S. households. In all,
127,000 adults in 2004, 2005 and 2006 were asked whether they had driven under
the influence of alcohol in the past year.

States clustered in the Midwest didn't fare well in this assessment, while
Southern states reported lower incidents of impairment.

States trailing Wisconsin were North Dakota, 24.9 percent; Minnesota, 23.5
percent; Nebraska, 22.9 percent; South Dakota, 21.6 percent; and Kansas, 21.1
percent. Missouri reported 18 percent; Iowa, 17.6 percent; Colorado, 17 percent;
and Oklahoma, 13.7 percent.

Seven of the country's Southern states - West Virginia, Arkansas, North
Carolina, Kentucky, Alabama, Mississippi and Tennessee - all came in under 13
percent.

Eric Goplerud, research professor at George Washington University Medical
Center, said cultural and demographic issues probably have a role in the higher
rates of driving under the influence in certain states.

He said that religious affiliations in the Southeast often strongly discourage
drinking, but that doesn't occur so much in the upper Midwest.

"A good part of the social life is around drinking," said Goplerud, who is also
director of Ensuring Solutions to Alcohol Problems, which calls for increased
access to treatment programs.

Also, blacks drink at substantially lower rates and at less hazardous rates than
whites, he said. The populations in the Upper Midwest states are heavily white.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Tim Carpenter can be reached

at (785) 295-1158

or timothy.carpenter@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 416 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Russell G. Alt - 33, Naples, burglary, grand theft, $25,000 bond.

Douglas F. Chapman - 68, Sandpoint, failure to appear/injury to a child, $5,000
bond.

Joseph K. Cooper - 34, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, $10,000 bond.

Billy D. Cummings - 47, Sandpoint, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, $10,000 bond.

Charles A. Curtis - 59, Canoga Park, Calif., child custody interference, $50,000
bond.

MISDEMEANORS

James W. Anderson - 37, Noxon, Mont., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $6,000 bond.

Matthew S. Anderson - 41, Malta, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,000 bond.

Tracy L. Anderson - 40, Priest River, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $1,500 bond.

Vernon E. Ask - 52, Hamilton, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $2,000 bond.

Selena L. Coppert - 40, Rathdrum, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $6,000 bond.

Joanna M. Dunn - 23, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $6,000 bond.

Tanya L. Forgette - 39, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, $7,500 bond.

Paul A. Hamilton - 35, Priest Lake, no valid driver's license, $500 bond.

Mary J. Hendrickson - 30, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence (second offense), $2,000 bond.

Milton E. Kurtz - 74, Sagle, failure to appear/inattentive/careless driving,
$5,000 bond.

Jeffrey L. Ludolph - 44, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $10,000 bond.

Loren J. Martin - 26, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
suspended, $1,000 bond.

Cassandra K. Nordland - 24, Sagle, failure to comply/careless driving, $1,000
bond.

Michael A. Parker - 28, Sagle, parole violation/use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,000 bond.

Jerad B. Patterson - 30, Missoula, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, $5,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 13, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 498 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for any information about the following people, who are
identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond
amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's
department at (208) 446-1300.

FELONIES

Gary L. Ege - 53, Post Falls, probation violation/burglary, misdemeanor
probation violation/driving under the influence, driving while suspended,
$25,000 bond.

Jeffrey J. Strong - 21, Tacoma, Wash., probation violation/aggravated assault,
$25,000 bond.

Joseph S. Triano III - 31, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, possession of marijuana, possession of paraphernalia, driving
while suspended, $25,000 bond.

Lawrence D. Williams - 43, Kalispell, Mont., aggravated assault (two counts),
$25,000 bond.

Jarrod J. Yockey - 32, Coeur d'Alene, failure to register as a sex offender,
$25,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Charles L. Albers - 50, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Michael D. Bethel  - 45, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, leaving the scene of an accident, four days in jail.

Robert J. Campbell - 35, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use,
five days in jail.

Thomas C. Colstrom  - 44, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
driving under the influence, $10,000 bond.

Lesa K. Coontz - 38, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving while suspended, no insurance (two counts), $10,000 bond, 45 days in
jail.

Ryan G. Cunningham - 23, Coeur d'Alene, frequenting a place where drugs are
used, etc., $2,000 bond.

Mariah H. Garay  - 26, Coeur d'Alene, driving while suspended, $5,000 bond.

Michael A. Girard  - 20, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/minor in possession of
alcohol, $500 bond.

Timothy D. Hines - 26, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence (two counts), possession of paraphernalia, $30,000 bond.

Merle A. Hojem - 50, Pinehurst, invalid driver's license, $500 bond.

Nicholas D. Ivie - 20, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
four days in jail.

Ingemar J. Lonn - 23, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/petty theft, $5,000 bond.

Melissa S. Mattson - 36, Post Falls, failure to appear/petty theft, driving
while suspended, failure to provide insurance, $10,000 bond.

Bryon N. Moore - 21, Plummer, failure to appear/possession of marijuana,
possession of paraphernalia, $5,000 bond.

Leann L. Thomas - 33, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

* Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted felons can
be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home page at
http://co.kootenai.id.us/sheriff

TYPE: Oficial records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Rhode Island: RI State Police Arrest Seven Subjects for Driving Under the
Influence During the Weekend

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Department of State Police, The state of Rhode has issued the
following news release:



 Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police
and Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested seven (7) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated during the
weekend. State Police also arrested a Woonsocket resident for Reckless
Driving/Street Racing after Troopers observed him and another unknown vehicle
racing at a high rate of speed on Route 146 South in the Town of Lincoln.





 The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
intoxicated:



 Addulrahman Othman, age 23, of 132 Doyle Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC .150/.150)



 Jeremy Ramirez, age 26, of 36 King Phillip Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(Blood Results)

 &bull; Reckless Driving

 &bull; Disorderly Conduct

 &bull; Operating on a Suspended License



 Marvin Hernandez, age 24, of 52 Richmond Street, New Bedford, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence(BAC - .203/.217)



 Melvin Cosme, age 48, of 297 Grove Street, Brockton, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .203/.211)



 Sabastian Tardie, age 25, of 45 Murphy's Way, Uxbridge, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC - .170/.168)



 Apollo Gomes, age 35, of 135 Old Voluntown Road, Exeter, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Jessica Fox, age 49, of 11 Rawson Avenue, Smithfield, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol (BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Angel Roman, age 37, of 90 Morin Heights Boulevard in Woonsocket was arrested
by Troopers for Reckless Driving/Street Racing.



 Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Rhode Island: RI State Police Arrest Seven Subjects for Driving Under the
Influence During the Weekend

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Department of Plantations, The state of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:



 Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police
and Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested seven (7) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated during the
weekend. State Police also arrested a Woonsocket resident for Reckless
Driving/Street Racing after Troopers observed him and another unknown vehicle
racing at a high rate of speed on Route 146 South in the Town of Lincoln.





 The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
intoxicated:



 Addulrahman Othman, age 23, of 132 Doyle Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC .150/.150)



 Jeremy Ramirez, age 26, of 36 King Phillip Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(Blood Results)

 &bull; Reckless Driving

 &bull; Disorderly Conduct

 &bull; Operating on a Suspended License



 Marvin Hernandez, age 24, of 52 Richmond Street, New Bedford, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence(BAC - .203/.217)



 Melvin Cosme, age 48, of 297 Grove Street, Brockton, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .203/.211)



 Sabastian Tardie, age 25, of 45 Murphy's Way, Uxbridge, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC - .170/.168)



 Apollo Gomes, age 35, of 135 Old Voluntown Road, Exeter, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Jessica Fox, age 49, of 11 Rawson Avenue, Smithfield, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol (BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Angel Roman, age 37, of 90 Morin Heights Boulevard in Woonsocket was arrested
by Troopers for Reckless Driving/Street Racing.



 Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Rhode Island: RI State Police Arrest Seven Subjects for Driving Under the
Influence During the Weekend

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Department of Plantations, The state of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:



 Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police
and Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested seven (7) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated during the
weekend. State Police also arrested a Woonsocket resident for Reckless
Driving/Street Racing after Troopers observed him and another unknown vehicle
racing at a high rate of speed on Route 146 South in the Town of Lincoln.





 The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
intoxicated:



 Addulrahman Othman, age 23, of 132 Doyle Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC .150/.150)



 Jeremy Ramirez, age 26, of 36 King Phillip Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(Blood Results)

 &bull; Reckless Driving

 &bull; Disorderly Conduct

 &bull; Operating on a Suspended License



 Marvin Hernandez, age 24, of 52 Richmond Street, New Bedford, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence(BAC - .203/.217)



 Melvin Cosme, age 48, of 297 Grove Street, Brockton, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .203/.211)



 Sabastian Tardie, age 25, of 45 Murphy's Way, Uxbridge, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC - .170/.168)



 Apollo Gomes, age 35, of 135 Old Voluntown Road, Exeter, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Jessica Fox, age 49, of 11 Rawson Avenue, Smithfield, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol (BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Angel Roman, age 37, of 90 Morin Heights Boulevard in Woonsocket was arrested
by Troopers for Reckless Driving/Street Racing.



 Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                               May 8, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 05/08/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Angelina M. Duvall, 1033 Bayner Road, Baltimore, Md.; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; guilty plea.

Justin Jacoby, 350 Cemetery Road, Manchester; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, marijuana-small amount for personal use; guilty plea.

Jasen Ramsey, 930 E. Canal Road, Dover; defiant trespass posted; moved to
non-traffic.

John Glenn Cobb, 1839 Mulberry St., Harrisburg; disorderly conduct- engage in
fighting; moved to non-traffic.

Betty Cobb, 1839 Mulberry St., Harrisburg; disorderly conduct-engage in
fighting; moved to non-traffic.

Alice Richard, 1741 Province Lake Road, Parsonsfield, Maine;
harassment-communication repeatedly in another manner, stalking-repeatedly
communication to cause fear; waived to court.

Tommy Gene McBride, 5389 Lincoln Highway West, Apt. B, Thomasville; driving
under the influence, marijuana-small amount for personal use, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Michael David Hess, 88 Ruel Ave., Apt. 2, Hanover; simple assault, driving under
the influence, recklessly endangering another person, endangering welfare of a
child, harassment; waived to court.

Brandon Michael Hoff, 333 South Lake Road, Spring Grove; conspiracy-forgery,
conspiracy-identity theft, conspiracy-other reason access device,
conspiracy-theft by unlawful taking, conspiracy-receiving stolen property;
waived to court.

Matthew Dwaine Bru nick, 3535 Hunterstown Hampton Road, Apt. A, New Oxford;
criminal conspiracy-forgery, criminal conspiracy-identity theft, criminal
conspiracy-access device fraud, criminal conspiracy-theft by unlawful taking,
conspiracy-receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Shawn T. Bair, 574 Baltimore St., Hanover; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Robert Mitchell Harrell, 1231 N. Main St., Hampstead, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, failure to notify police, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Nathan Dekotah Bowers, 102.5 Fair Ave., Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, liquor law; waived to court.

Jay Benge, 1130 Krentler Drive, Hanover; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Norman Michael Miller Jr., 30 Blue Spruce Drive, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia, escape, criminal mischief, disorderly conduct; waived to
court.

Andrew Michael Snee ringer, 67 S. East St., Spring Grove; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 699 words


NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE ROBERT CALDWELL

Trent R. Batie, 31, Post Falls; battery-domestic violence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (110 days suspended), two years probation.

JUDGE CHARLES HOSACK

Jeremy V. Guzman, 19, Coeur d'Alene; malicious injury to property; 365 days in
jail (360 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, two years probation.

JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON

Rachael K. Dean, 27, Hayden; driving under the influence (excessive) second
offense, amended to driving under the influence (first offense); $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

William P. Boger, 47, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense); $2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), 365 days in jail (258 days suspended),
365 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Nicholas A. Jacobs, 23, Athol; driving under the influence, amended to
inattentive driving; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, one year probation.

Renate C. Tomaselli, 48, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence, amended to
reckless driving; $500 fine, 30 days in jail (28 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, one year probation.

Susan A. Tofflemire, 48, Ventura, Calif.; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Clifford P. McClure, 56, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180
days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Harvey B. McKinley Jr., 39, Post Falls; driving under the influence (excessive);
$1,000 fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours
county work program, 365 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Nicholas J. Ketchum, 27, Arlington, Wash.; driving under the influence; $750
fine, 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90
days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Christopher N. Osborn, 34, Priest River; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Travis J. Frisbey, 30, Coeur d'Alene; count I: battery, amended to disturbing
the peace; $250 fine, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county
work program, two years probation. Count II: providing false identification to
officer; $250 fine, 20 days in jail or 40 hours county work program.

JUDGE SCOT NASS

Lori E. Cowperthwaite, 39, Coeur d'Alene; count I: driving under the influence
(excessive), amended to driving under the influence (first offense); $600.50
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (157 days suspended), 90 days driver's
license suspension, one year probation. Count II: possession of controlled
substance; 365 days in jail (342 days suspended), one year probation. Count III:
petit theft; 365 days in jail (342 days suspended), one year probation.

JUDGE JAMES STOWE

Cherish Dixie D. Miller, 19, Post Falls; minor in possession of alcohol (third
and subsequent offenses); $1,000 fine ($500 fine), 60 days in jail (30 days
suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 16 months probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Anderson Financial Services LLC dba Quickclick Loans v. Kenneth Weistaner,
plaintiff seeking $1,054.

Mr. Electric of North Idaho v. Linda Miller dba Real Estate Services, plaintiff
seeking $1,189.

Panhandle State Bank v. Silver One LLC, R. Brad Jordan, Patrick Hall, and Robert
Mathers, plaintiff seeking $155,492.

American General Financial Services v. John Travis, plaintiff seeking $3,077.

EA Services v. Alpha Gamma Delta, plaintiff seeking $2,050.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Stephany Niedzalkowski, plaintiff awarded $126,450.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Gary Machler and Melissa Machler, plaintiff awarded
$1,685.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Lori A. Smith from Tim A. Smith.

Paul I. McGovern from Dolores D. McGovern.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Ronald Wilson from Marilyn Wilson.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 1, 2008 Monday

Crime Watch for 12/01/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 752 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Heather A. Spahr, 70 Chipawa Ave., Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, careless driving, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Kyler R. Faucher, 4440 Hikey St., Dover; recklessly endangering another person,
resisting arrest, fleeing/attempt to elude police, driving under suspension;
held for court.

Elroy Hampton Jr., 135 N. West St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
intent to possess controlled substance by person not registered, false
identification to police, scattering rubbish; waived to court.

Latoyia N. Williams, 357 E. Prospect St.; false reports/falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police, disorderly conduct, scattering rubbish;
waived to court.

John T. Miller, 417 N. Franklin St., Red Lion; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, illegal racing; waived to court.

David Gratham, P.O. Box 1182, Brodheadsville; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving
wrong way; held for court.

Crystal A. Gilliam, 340 E. 23rd St., Baltimore, Md.; criminal
conspiracy/forgery, forgery-unauthorized act in writing, theft by
deception/false impression, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Jessie K. Lanier, 335 N. George St.; theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Frank Fetter, 315 3rd Ave., Altoona; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, resisting arrest, institutional
vandalism, simple assault, disorderly conduct, terroristic threats; waived to
court.

Terri Thorpe, 300 E. Chestnut St.; simple assault, retail theft, disorderly
conduct, harassment, public drunkenness, defiant trespass; waived to court.

Christian P. Garrett, 101 N. Gotwalt St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving under
suspension; waived to court.

Craig A. Amspacher, 2079 Taxville Road; possession/safe/use display documents,
driving under suspension, expired registration; waived to court.

Rashaad A. Sweeney, 810 S. Queen St.; false report-falsely incriminate another,
flight to avoid apprehension/trial/punishment; waived to court.

Thomas E. Stahl, c/o York County Prison; theft by deception/false impression,
deceptive business practice; waived to court.

Guy Hamberger, 1749 Monroe St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Steven Goodling, 2521 Emig Mill Road, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Holly Blue, 280 Esbenshade Road, Ronks; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Kimberly Forrey-Damas ka, 2912 Brush Valley Road, Glen Rock; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Stephen Gaumer, Gaumer Tool and Machine Co., 230 Industrial Road; employers tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Andrea Brown, 118 N. Diamond St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

William Flowers, 183 S. Highland Ave., Apt. 3; harassment; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Adam Dluzeski, 2380 Belair Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Martin Dluzeski, 2380 Belair Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Robyn Dluzeski, 2380 Belair Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Leonard Auto, Lois Leonard, 4235 Susquehanna Trail North; employers tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Nancy Lucas, 1300 Hokes Mill Road; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Kelly Brooks, 2224 Harlacker Lane, Dover; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Marcella Dimartino, 217 E. Middle St., Gettysburg; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Patricia Miller, 1502 Stanton St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Philip McDowell, 200 S. Yale St.; weed/vegetation control; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Rick J. Gardner, 264 Mine Bank Road, Wellsville; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Chad Day, 69 Main St., Yorkana; harassment; found guilty, served time.

Kerry Beaverson, 969 S. Royal St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, served
time.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 7, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 404 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Christopher W. Hermsmeier  - 33, Spokane, parole violation/possession of
methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Jeremiah P. Johnson - 24, Sandpoint, parole violation/aggravated assault,
$40,000 bond.

Rafael Martinez  - 27, Yakima, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance, $40,000 bond.

Jason D. Smith - 31, Omaha, Neb., lewd conduct with a minor (two counts),
$50,000 bond.

Bruce H. Powell - 48, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/battery, injury to a
child, $25,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Rachel A. Bujko - 19, Priest River, possession of a controlled substance, $2,000
bond.

Vladimir K. Demko - 24, Spokane, negligent boating, $500 bond.

Lewis D. Hankins - 34, Rolling Hills, Calif., failure to appear/driving under
the influence, $2,000 bond.

Bruce H. Hosea  - 43, Troy, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the influence
, $2,500 bond.

Brian R. Jaymes  - 32, Priest River, possession of a controlled substance,
$1,000 bond.

James L Kipp - 49, Browning, Mont., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $5,000 bond.

Larry L. Komanec  - 31, Clark Fork, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $1,114 bond.

Andrew S. Kuhfuss - 45, Ponderay, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $174 bond.

Robert J. Ostman - 54, Bonners Ferry, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Torry D. Pope - 35, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

John R. Prince - 26, Hope, petty theft, $1,000 bond.

James A. Rosholt - 43, Kootenai, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $1,000 bond.

Christopher A. Washburn - 24, Cheney, failure to comply/use or possession of
drug paraphernalia with intent to use, $225 bond.

Mary J. Williams - 37, Sandpoint, parole violation/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Theresa D. Youmans - 44, Priest River, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia, $325 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 11, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 426 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for any information about the following people, who are identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's department at (208)
263-8417, or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Shelly R. Adair - 22, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery, $20,000 bond.

Aaron Che Knute Ayala - 35, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/possession of a
controlled substance, $88 bond.

Michael W. Barton - 45, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/issuing an
insufficient funds check, $3,000 bond.

Richard V. Bertollini - 65, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $250,000 bond.

Charles L. Biegler - 65, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/drug trafficking,
$388 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Ronald F. Blakney - 38, Post Falls, failure to comply/driving with an invalid
driver's license, $304 bond.

Christopher C. Brisboy - 23, Sandpoint, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $556 bond.

Justin C. Digiulio - 22, Sandpoint, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $329 bond.

Jody N. Dorrough  - 29, Oldtown, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$588 bond.

Kevin M. Goldner - 45, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Eric R. Harkey - 34, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,500 bond.

Simon W. Johnson - 41, Sagle, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$369 bond.

Morris M. Matt - 38, Worley, parole violation/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Dominic F. Naccarato - 26, Priest River, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $80 bond.

Charles G. Neureuther  - 26, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/ careless or
inattentive driving, $200 bond.

Robert J. Ostman  - 54, Bonners Ferry, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Nicholas L. Poledna - 24, Sandpoint, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $500 fine.

Allen D. Roth - 18, Sandpoint, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $300 bond.

William J. Sands - 23, Priest River, failure to comply/trespassing, unlawful
possession of wildlife, $5,000 bond.

Crayton D. Whiteeyes  - 42, Spokane, failure to comply/resisting or obstructing
officers, $500 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUI

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 448 words


George Scott Dillard, 44, of the 300 block of Sugarcreek Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 17, 2010, and was fined $1,529.

David William Biskner, 45, of the 2000 block of South Custer Road in Monroe,
Mich., was charged with driving under the influence on June 26, 2010, and was
sentenced to 60 days in jail.

Alfred Levearn Hill, 32, of the 3900 block of Crest Drive in Hephzibah, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 20, 2010, and was sentenced to
15 days in jail and 12 months' probation and was fined $1,504.

Benjamin William Walter, 25, of the 4300 block of Forrest Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 18, 2010, and was sentenced to
13 days in jail and 12 months' probation and was fined $1,224.

Johnny Dike Reese, 54, of the 6500 block of River Road in Waynesboro, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 3, 2010, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $835.

Carol Jeanne Thomas, 50, of the 500 block of Oak Chase Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 1, 2010, and was sentenced to
13 days in jail and 12 months' probation and was fined $1,224.

Jim Robert Wallace. 53, of the 200 block of Lake Jean Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 26, 2010, and was fined $810.

Efrain Castro-Diaz, 37, of the 200 block of Sockeye Court in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 25, 2010, and was fined $810.

Joshua Dale Logan, 27, of the 2200 block of Wortham Lane in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 27, 2010, and was sentenced to
three days in jail and 12 months' probation and was fined $1,249.

Yobani Garcia Alvarez, 30, of the 200 block of Tillery Lane in Knoxville, Tenn.,
was charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 6, 2001, and was fined
$835.

Olivia Lee Garcia, 30, of the 500 block of Cedar Rock Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 24, 2010, and was fined $810.

David Lee Welch, 48, of the 1400 block of Pine Needle Road in Harlem, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 7, 2010, and was fined $810.

Scott Richard Graham, 42, of the 100 block of Knollwood Trail in North Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 3, 2010, and was fined
$810.

Teresa Nickel Sawyer, 45, of the 400 block of Blue Ridge Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 7, 2010, was fined $810.

Casey Lee Kirkland, 22, of Grovetown, was charged with driving under the
influence on July 31, 2010, and was sentenced to three days in jail and 12
months' probation and was fined $1,224.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 393 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

James C. Chandler - 36, Cincinnati, Ohio, grand theft, possession of a
controlled substance, driving under the influence, $21,180 bond.

Juan E. Cipriano - 43, Corvallis, Ore., vehicular manslaughter, $20,000 bond.

John E. Draper - 60, Kodiak, Alaska, lewd and lascivious conduct with a child,
$5,000 bond.

Lawrence V. Hersick - 56, Chicago, Ill., aggravated assault, $10,000 bond.

Jason D. Smith - 32, Omaha, Neb., lewd conduct with a minor (two counts),
$50,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Steven W. Ashley Jr. - 32, Sandpoint, leaving the scene of an accident,
obstructing officers, $204 bond.

Loyd N. Belgarde - 47, Sandpoint, pedestrian under the influence of
alcohol/drugs, theft, $2,300 bond.

Mark A. Carnevale - 50, Spirit Lake, assault, $333 bond.

Michael G. Christensen - 44, Kennewick, driving under the influence, open
container, $427 bond, four days in jail.

Michael J. Clary - 54, Wenatchee, malicious injury to property, $300 bond, 30
days in jail.

Erin P. Critchell - 44, Sandpoint, petty theft, $1,500 bond.

Jerry J. Franco - 36, Sandpoint, driving without privileges, $3,000 bond.

Howard L. Geenen - 43, Reno, Nev., driving under the influence,
inattentive/careless driving, $900 bond.

Michael D. Hilgers - 51, transient, disturbing the peace, dog on the beach
violation, $1,750 bond.

Nelson C. Mercer - 47, Sandpoint, battery, $532 bond.

Ashley E. Norstog - 20, Sagle, driving without privileges, two days in jail.

Russell C. Patterson - 44, Sandpoint, driving without privileges, driving under
the influence, $25,000 bond.

Troy D. Peirce - 38, Elk, Wash., possession of marijuana, possession of
paraphernalia, inattentive driving, $482 bond.

Gerald W. Pitt - 36, Sandpoint, possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to
use, petty theft, $350 bond.

Keith J. Stearns - 37, Dayton, Wash., battery, $513 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 14, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Weekly Big 12 Notebook

BYLINE: CURT MCKEEVER, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: C; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1112 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


JUMP SHOTS

SUTTON SITED FOR DUI, TAKES MEDICAL LEAVE

Oklahoma State University President David Schmidly said Monday that men's
basketball coach Eddie Sutton, recovering from injuries suffered in a Friday
automobile accident, has asked to take a medical leave of absence for the
remainder of the season.

In a statement released by Oklahoma State, Sutton said a chronic back injury has
added to the stress of the Cowboys' struggles on the court this season. OSU
entered Monday night's game at Kansas with a 13-11 record.

"With my deteriorating physical condition and other issues, I have been under a
tremendous amount of stress. I told Dr. Schmidly I was close to making this
decision after the trip to Kansas State (on Feb. 4) because the pain in my back
was making it very difficult to coach. After Friday's events, I know it is best
to go on medical leave the remainder of the season to address my future health."

The 69-year-old Sutton was traveling to the Stillwater airport to fly with his
team to a game against Texas A&M at College Station, Texas, when the accident
occurred Friday. The coach sustained bruises to his head in the accident and was
hospitalized overnight.

After the accident, police cited Sutton with driving under the influence,
speeding and driving left of center but did not jail him on a complaint because
of a lack of physical evidence. Results of blood tests to determine whether
Sutton was driving under the influence could take six to eight weeks. Under
Oklahoma law, driving under the influence can include a range of substances,
including prescription painkillers or alcohol.

According to a report in The Oklahoman, witnesses reported smelling a "slight
fruity odor" on the coach's breath and seeing a bottle of hydrocodone, a
narcotic pain reliever, in his vehicle.

Sutton's son Sean, who will succeed him when he retires, has assumed leadership
of the Cowboys' program.

MIZZOU'S SNYDER OFFERED SETTLEMENT

The University of Missouri Board of Curators has offered resigning men's
basketball Coach Quin Snyder a settlement package totaling $574,000, board
sources told The Columbia Daily Tribune on Monday.

The settlement with Snyder - who said Thursday that he hadn't considered
resigning, and then on Friday told the Tigers he wouldn't be coaching them the
rest of the season - was worked out in a series of closed-door weekend sessions
involving telephone conference calls with the board and meetings with Missouri
President Elson Floyd, chancellor Brady Deaton, athletic director Mike Alden and
Bunky Wright, the board's general counsel.

Under the terms of his contract, which was to run through April 30, 2008, Snyder
was owed $370,000 in base salary. In addition, the contract included
compensation from athletic shoe companies, for broadcast appearances and for
conducting a summer youth basketball camp.

Snyder's departure came a day after he met with Gary Link, a special assistant
to the athletic director and the color analyst on the Tigers' radio broadcasts
following Thursday's practice.

Alden declined to say whether Link told Snyder he wouldn't be retained after the
season. "I don't think that'd be fair for me to speak to that. I wasn't there,"
Alden told the Daily Tribune. "I think Gary just visited with Quin like he
always does. He talks with him all the time."

AROUND THE LEAGUE

* Kansas State coach Jim Wooldridge, wearing a brace after having surgery
Wednesday to repair a bulging disk in his neck, was told by his doctor he should
take it easy for four to six weeks. But after watching the Wildcats split a pair
of games on TV, the 50-year-old said he's considering traveling with the team to
Wednesday's game at Texas Tech.

K-State has lost four of five games, by just 3, 2, 2 and 4 points.

* Colorado senior forward Martane Freeman responded from being suspended for
last Wednesday's game at Texas A&M to score 13 points off the bench in the
Buffs' 66-64 win against Texas Tech on Saturday. Freeman, who was disciplined
for an attitude problem, entered with an eight-point average.

* In his last three games, Texas Tech guard Jarrius Jackson has 13 assists with
just one turnover, and six steals.

* Texas, shooting for its first 10-1 start in Big 12 play tonight against
Baylor, has its best 24-game record (21-3) since the 1946-47 Final Four team was
23-1.

* Terrell Everett's 14 assists in Oklahoma's win against Baylor on Saturday were
the most by a Sooner in eight years, and four shy of the OU single-game record.

* Iowa State guard Curtis Stinson is 15 steals from becoming the third player in
Big 12 history to have 1,500 points, 400 rebounds and 200 steals.

* The first episode of "Knight School," which follows the plight of 32 Texas
Tech students hoping to make Coach Bob Knight's team," will air on ESPN at 9
p.m. Sunday. Camera crews shot 26,000 minutes of footage that will be edited to
300 minutes for six one-hour episodes.

MEN'S STANDINGS

   Team Conf. Overall
   Texas 9-1 21-3
   Kansas 8-2 17-6
   Oklahoma 7-3 16-5
   Colorado 6-4 16-5
   Nebraska 5-5 15-8
   Texas A&M 5-6 15-7
   Kansas State 4-6 13-8
   Iowa State 4-6 14-9
   Texas Tech 4-6 12-12
   Missouri 4-7 11-11
   Oklahoma State 3-7 13-11
   Baylor 2-8 2-8

AND THE WINNERS ARE ...

Kansas' Mario Chalmers and Baylor's Curtis Jerrells are the latest Big 12 player
and rookie of the week, respectively.

Chalmers, a 6-foot-2 freshman guard, averaged 21.5 points, 3.5 rebounds and 3.5
steals in KU victories against Nebraska and Iowa State. Jerrells, a  6-1
freshman guard, averaged 22 points in the Bears' win against Missouri and loss
to Oklahoma.

QUOTABLE

"That was a stunning incident. But, hey, we took it. We've been taking punches
all year, and people thought this was going to be a knockout punch for us, but
we came out and showed the character that we had. We still play, and we still
play for Coach Q." - Missouri senior Jimmy McKinney, after the Tigers, in their
first appearance since Quin Snyder resigned, beat Kansas State 74-71 Sunday to
end a seven-game losing streak.

"To me, this is beautiful basketball. Most people wouldn't look at a 46-44 and
think it was beautiful, but I do. The uglier the better for us." - Texas A&M
coach Billy Gillispie, following his team's win against Oklahoma State on
Saturday.

"He's got a big mouth. He told me 'a physical game's not your style, stick to
finesse.' It feels real good to win when they're talking smack." - Kansas
freshman Brandon Rush, about Iowa State junior Curtis Stinson, after the
Jayhawks' 88-75 victory against the Cyclones on Saturday. The game also featured
a double-technical foul called on KU's C.J. Giles and ISU's Shawn Taggart, who
had to be restrained from one another, with five minutes to play.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This wrecked SUV belongs to Oklahoma State basketball coach Eddie
Sutton who was cited with driving under the influence after he was injured in a
two-vehicle accident Friday. MATT BARNARD/The Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 18, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O21

LENGTH: 514 words


Steven Dirk Neal, 48, of the 400 block of Merrymont Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 11, 2005, and was fined $810.

Gwendolyn Denise Combs, 39, of the 300 block of Westmont Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 28, 2005, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $835.

Louis Michael Glosson, 36, of the 1800 block of Wylds Road in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 2, 2005, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $835.

Gregory James Capelle Jr., 29, of the 3000 block of Angela Street in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on July 23, 2005, and was sentenced
to 60 days in jail.

Joseph Emery Koss Jr., 46, of the 3300 block of Wedgewood Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 28, 2005, and was sentenced to
90 days.

Aaron Marshall Bongard, 17, of the 4000 block of Amherst Way in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 1, 2005, and was fined $810.

Carl Patrick Ford Jr., 28, of the 900 block of Cammaron Way in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 4, 2005, and was fined $810.

Benjamin Horatio Curtis, 37, of the 4100 block of Knollcrest Circle North in
Martinez, was charged with driving under the influence on July 4, 2005, and was
sentenced to 12 months probation and was fined $1,224.

Tyrone Mackey, 32, of the 700 block of Brownfield Lane in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on June 27, 2005, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $810.

Sergey Nikolyevich Markevich, 36, of the 10000 block of Hidden Branch Lane in
Jacksonville, Fla., was charged with driving under the influence on June 20,
2005, and was fined $810.

Richard Thomas Green, 37, of the 2500 block of Louisville Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 27, 2005, and was sentenced to
30 days in jail.

Michael Andrew White, 32, of the 1200 block of Newmantown Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 24, 2005, and was fined $810.

Miguel Angel Flores, 23, of the 200 block of Waters Way in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on July 15, 2005, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $810.

Patti Marie Buch, 23, of the 400 block of Creekridge in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on July 8, 2005, and was fined $700.

Thomas Michael Hadden, 44, of the 4500 block of Aylesbury Court in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 8, 2005, and was fined $810.

James Graham Posey, 21, of the 800 block of Sparkleberry Road in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 22, 2005, and was fined $810.

Giovanni Salvatore Greco, 47, of the 3000 block of Ridgecrest Drive in Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on July 26, 2005, and was fined
$810.

Ricky Keith Davis, 43, of the 300 block of Old Plantation Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 23, 2005, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Local influences heavily dictate content preferences of mobile device users

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (Ashima)

LENGTH: 464  words


There's no denying the influence that e-commerce is having on the retail
landscape, and that influence is starting to go mobile. And as that trend grows,
marketers have an opportunity to leverage the influence of consumer preferences.
Specifically, by crafting their messages around local interests, marketers stand
to boost their engagement with the tech-savvy consumers that see their messages.

To gain additional insight, a recent Scarborough survey found that local
influences heavily dictate the content preferences of mobile device users.
Mobile ad-friendly shoppers (see infographic), defined by Scarborough as adults
who used a smartphone or tablet in the past 30 days for shopping, agree they'd
be willing to receive ads on their phone in exchange for certain services, or
disagree that ads on phones are annoying.

For example, in Knoxville, Tenn., the city that boasts the highest percentage of
mobile ad-friendly shoppers, the reality-adventure TV genre reigns for the
group. In fact, mobile ad-friendly shoppers in Knoxville are 45 percent more
likely to cite reality-adventure as television programming they typically watch.
Science fiction and music videos are also Knoxville favorites.

Comparatively, TV viewing preferences in Roanoke, Va., which has the smallest
percentage of mobile ad-friendly shoppers, are more diverse. For example,
Roanoke mobile ad-friendly shoppers are almost three times more likely than all
in that mobile group to typically watch daytime soap operas. In fact, Roanoke's
mobile ad-friendly shoppers are more likely to watch 16 of the 23 television
genres that Scarborough measures, whereas those in Knoxville are only more
likely to view four.

LOCAL SPORTS PLAY BIG AMONG MOBILE AD-FRIENDLY SHOPPERS IN KNOXVILLE AND ROANOKE

Football is a big draw among Knoxville's mobile ad-friendly shoppers. This
consumer group is 19 percent more likely than other smartphone or tablet users
in the market to have watched a Tennessee Titans game on TV during the past
year, and they're 11 percent more likely to have watched the Super Bowl. In
Roanoke, however, tennis and horse racing are popular. Roanoke's mobile
ad-friendly shoppers are 154 percent more likely than other smartphone or tablet
users in the city to have watched men's tennis on TV during the past year, and
80 percent more likely to have watched horse racing.

Mobile ad-friendly shoppers in Knoxville and Roanoke have overlapping interests
in the UFC and WWE leagues.

LOCAL NEWS IS A SIGNIFICANT DIGITAL MEDIA INTEREST AMONG MOBILE AD-FRIENDLY
SHOPPERS

Mobile ad-friendly shoppers are also big fans of online local news. About half
of this consumer group in both Knoxville and Roanoke went online for local news
during the past month, as did 48 percent of all mobile ad-friendly shoppers
nationally.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2014 World of Media JLT
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Crime Watch for 06/06/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1114 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Angel N. Rengifo, 123 E. Princess St.; possess firearm/with altered number,
carry firearm without a license; held for court.

Kyle B. Courtney, 4825 Hikey St., Dover; terroristic threats, recklessly
endangering another person, simple assault, unlawful restraint, false
imprisonment; held for court.

Anthony E. Young II, 873 Prospect St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

David S. Maenner, 6482 Oakwood Court, Jacobus; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, expired registration; waived to court.

Loren M. Lutzinger, 638 W. Philadelphia St.; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, retail theft; waived to court.

Maurice A. Walker, 1243 W. King St.; retail theft 8th offense, resisting arrest;
held for court.

Anthony A. Carmon, 951 N. Queen St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Kayawna J. Mend, 100 School St., Glen Rock; false identification to police,
intent to possess controlled substance by person not registered; waived to
court.

Marvin Jones, 1108 W. King St., Apt. 3W; noise ordinance; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Javier Caraballo-Toro, 124 N. West St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Jessica Boyer, 9100 Old Clydesdale Drive, Fort Worth, Texas; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Timothy Walker, 670 Skyline Drive; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

David Moul, 135 N. George St.; township ordinance, dumpster; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Romell Harding, 310 Irving Road; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Mikie Taylor Sr., 644 S. Queen St.; disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid
costs.

Fred S. Evans Jr., 158 Gold Kettle Drive, Gaithersburg, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: high rate of alcohol, speeding, restraint systems; waived to court.

---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Andrew David Miller, 1515 Bowers Bridge Road, Manchester; theft by unlawful
taking, theft by failure to make required disposition, receiving stolen
property; held for court.

Raina Joan Murren, 473.5 High St., Hanover; simple assault; held for court.

Ashley Marie Storm, 203 Hillside Drive, Hanover; retail theft; held for court.

Kimberly Marie Blizzard, NFA; robbery, theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property, terroristic threats; waived to court.

Barry Michaels, 555 Baer Ave., Hanover; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Karen Ann Boone, 3246 Main St., P.O. Box 524, Manchester, Md.; use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; held for court.
---
District Court 19-2-01 covers Springettsbury and Hellam townships, Hallam and
Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Christopher Aaron Hampton, NFA; retail theft; waived to court.

Luis Gutierrez, aka Luis Ramon Rodriguez, 244 E. Princess St.; retail theft,
theft of leased property; waived to court.

Christopher Lee Shear er, 51 Main St., Yorkana; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
disregard traffic control device, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Cary Allen Gerace, 2732 Thornbridge Road; contraband, possession of controlled
substance, contraband/inmate, intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered; waived to court.

Rachel L. Weston, 16 Westbrook Circle, Shrewsbury; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
traffic control signals; waived to court.

Randal E. Brillhart, 121 S. Royal St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving on
divided highways; held for court.

Fred S. Evans Jr., c/o York County Prison; theft of leased property; held for
court.
---
District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Codorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jef ferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.

DISPOSITIONS
William C. Crawford, 8 Highland Road, Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded guilty;
paid fine and costs.

Caroline W. Crawford, 8 Highland Road, Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded guilty;
paid fine and costs.

Michael Onley, 3590 Tunnel Hill Road, Seven Valleys; harassment; pleaded guilty;
sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Leroy Kline Sr., 5998 Colonial Valley Road, Spring Grove; harassment, criminal
trespass; pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.

John A. Simmons, 115 Seneca Ave., Dover; Fish & Boat Commission rules and
regulations; pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.

Patrick A. Kauffman, 36 Lee St., Hanover; violation of rules regarding conduct
on Commonwealth property; pleaded guilty; sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Juvenile, York; resisting or interfering with officer; pleaded guilty; paid fine
and costs.

Robert P. Broadwater, 10290 Susquehanna Trail South, Glen Rock; purchase, etc.
of alcohol beverage by minor; pleaded guilty; sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Raymond J. Hiser Jr., 5171 Glen Echo Road, Glenville; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.

Steven B. Brewer, 45 Brown's Dam Road, New Oxford; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.

James E. Carbaugh Jr., 655 Frederick St., Hanover; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.
---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim town ships.
DISPOSITIONS
William V. Reeves, 600.5 York St., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Lori Ann Wagaman, 543 Baltimore St., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile, school law; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Mary Pollard, 1600 Baer Ave., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Michael P. Wright, 68 Cardinal Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Jennifer Depamphilis, 66 Laurel Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Philip Daniel Heard, 1746 Indian Court, Hampstead, Md.; public drunkenness;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Philip Daniel Heard, 1746 Indian Court, Hampstead, Md.; harassment; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Wilmer Erbe, 184 Pheasant Run Lane, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Melissa A. Wehler, 216 Frederick St., Apt. 2E, Hanover; bad check; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Dawn Parrish, 623 Hobart Road, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Michelle A. Grim, 604 Meade Ave., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Justin Thomas Watts, 190 St. Bartholomew Road, Hanover; criminal mischief;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 26, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 506 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

SHOSHONE COUNTY

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114. Most contempt warrants can be taken care
of by contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

Joseph W. Moberly - 36, Kellogg, warrant of attachment, possession of unlawfully
taken fish, $32  cash bond.

Laura L. Mockerl  - 50, Helena, warrant of attachment, reckless driving, $55
cash bond.

George M. Moore - 49, Pablo, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, operating a vehicle with a restricted license, $566 bond.

John P. Moore, aka John P. J.Treece - 47, Spokane, warrant of attachment,
driving under the influence, driving while suspended, $211 cash bond.

Michael D. Moore - 21, Cheney, Wash., warrant of attachment, driving without
privileges, $328 bond.

Todd A. Moore - 37, Hermitage, Tenn., two warrants of attachment, driving under
the influence, failure to notify officer of an accident, operating a motor
vehicle without owner's consent, $904 bond.

Amy M. Morgan, aka Jackson - 28, Ronan, Mont., bench warrant, driving without
privileges, possession of a suspended driver's license, $1,000 bond.

Mayfield  T. Morinda Jr. - 27, Missoula, warrant of attachment, possession of
drug paraphernalia, $63 cash bond.

Jeromy  F. Morley - 26, Anaconda, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving while
suspended, $478 bond.

John E. Morris - 34, Rathdrum, warrant of attachment, inattentive driving,
failure to stop for school bus, $1,192 cash bond.

Timothy D. Morris - 46, Packwood, Wash., bench warrant, driving under the
influence, seven days in jail.

Merle T. Morse - 41, Spokane, two warrants of attachment, failure to purchase a
driver's license, $385 cash bond.

Stacy L. Morse - 40, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving while suspended,
$253 cash bond.

Dean A. Morton - 24, Missoula, bench warrant, driving while suspended, $2,000
bond.

Scott A. Moss - 37, Cataldo, two warrants of attachment, driving while
suspended, driving under the influence, $1,059 bond.

Robert S. Mount  - 38, Missoula, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $547 cash bond.

Tony J. Mouton  - 40, Iowa, La., warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $763 bond.

James R. Mulkey, aka Bandioaxel  Mulkey - 45, Everson, Wash., bench warrant,
driving without privileges, $500 bond.

Robert J. Munhall, aka Mike Munhall, aka Michael W. Hagan  - 48, Murray, Idaho,
warrant of attachment, driving under the influence, possession of a controlled
substance, $574 cash bond.

Julian N. Murphy - 28, Silverton, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, possession of less than three ounces of marijuana, $587 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 08/25/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 756 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

George Souvannaphoungeun, 720 N. Pershing Ave.; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving on wrong side of road; waived to court.

Shawn C. Boone Sr., 439 Girard Ave.; possession of marijuana, driving under
suspension, failure to keep right; waived to court.

Jose M. Virella, 29 S. Hartley St.; criminal attempt-forgery,
forgery-unauthorized act in writing, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Laurel Jacobs, 46 Ogontz St.; theft by unlawful taking (2 counts), receiving
stolen property (2 counts); held for court.

Christina M. Francis, 201 S. Poplar Court, Manchester; access device issued to
another who did not authorize use (6 counts), theft by unlawful taking, theft by
deception-false impression, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Gregory J. Hamrick, 1525 Rosewood Lane; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, accidents involving damage to unattended
vehicle/property, careless driving; waived to court.

Greta Irizarry, 1027 W. Princess St.; obstruction of law enforcement; held for
court.

Cody Hayes, 932 W. Princess St.; intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered; held for court.

Leshean I. Singletary, 729 E. Boundary Ave.; receiving stolen property; held for
court.

Samuel Johnson Jr., 801 W. King St.; false report-falsely incriminate another,
false identification to police; waived to court.

Sarah E. Ridgeway, 6410 Charity Way, Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
minors, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving wrong way,
alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Jeffrey A. Taylor, c/o York County Prison; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, disorderly conduct-engage in fighting,
public drunkenness; waived to court.

Tracy W. Rogers, 17 Court St., Boston, Mass.; rape of a child, aggravated
indecent assault of a child, indecent assault of victim under 13 years of age;
waived to court.

Jasmine C. Walker, 816 W. Princess St.; hinder apprehension/harbor or conceal,
hinder apprehension/false information to police, false report-falsely
incriminate another, false report-report offense that did not occur; waived to
court.

Jameel R. Murray, 829 W. King St.; theft by unlawful taking (2 counts),
receiving stolen property (2 counts); waived to court.

Natasha L. Spotts, 3484 Fox Ridge Court, Dover; simple assault, driving at safe
speed, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely, disregard single traffic lane, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of alcohol and drugs, driving under the influence:
controlled substance (1st offense); waived to court.

Robert D. Wood, 318 N. Hawthorne St.; reckless endangering, driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely; held for court.

Shakiera R. Breeland, 2406 Cape Horn Road, Red Lion; retail theft-felony; waived
to court.

Eric O. Dadeboe, 95 Hunter Creek Drive; aggravated assault, recklessly
endangering another person; held for court.

Brian A. Lecrone, 318 Overbrook Drive; simple assault, harassment, disorderly
conduct; waived to court.

Tatiana Cabrere-Tate, 717 Wallace St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, red light violation, driving at safe
speed; waived to court.

Margarette Figueroa, 530 N. Beaver St.; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Harry Roser, 128 N. Williams St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Emily Fink, 150R Camelot Arms; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and
restitution.

Della Uhlik, 2105 Taxville Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Devonne A. Myers, 3086 Staunton Ave., Apt. A., Dover; tax violation; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Anthony Ajello III, 2394 Arlington St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Lori K. Schwartz, 31 E. 5th Ave.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lamar J. Talley, 1116 W. Princess St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Kevin Hannigan, 149 Tri Hill Road; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Edward Miller Jr., 2765 Hauck Road, Green Lane; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Marcus Pitts, 627 N. Hartley St.; criminal mischief; pleaded guilty, served
time.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 31, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

SECTION: A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 498 words


IDAHO RECORDS

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114.Most contempt warrants can be taken care
of by contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

Donald P. Huskey  - 37, Helena, Mont., warrant of attachment,
resisting/obstructing officers, $153 cash bond.

Kelsey L. Hutchinson, aka Kelcey L. Glowski - 35, Wallace, bench warrant,
fishing without a valid license, failure to obey citation, $150 bond.

Robert L. Ingersoll, aka Bucky Ingersoll, aka Kenneth W. Davis - 46, Murray,
Idaho, warrant of attachment, aggravated assault, malicious injury to property,
$737 cash bond.

Steven D. Inlow - 40, Priest River, warrant of attachment, driving while
suspended, possession of paraphernalia, $103 bond.

Juan R. Irizarry, aka Irizarry  Juan-Ramon - 29, Des Moines, Wash., bench
warrant, warrant of attachment, driving without privileges, $278 cash bond, two
days in jail.

Joseph E. Ivie - 32, Nephi, Utah, bench warrant, two warrants of attachment,
driving without privileges, $849 bond, two days in jail.

Ron E. Jacenko  - 47, Murray, bench warrant, driving while suspended, $750 bond.

Bryan W. Jackson - 24, Lebanon, Ore., bench warrant, driving without privileges,
16 days in jail.

Cody A. Jackson, aka Morgan - 36, Cataldo, bench warrant, possession of a
controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, $300 cash bond.

Karessa L. Jackson, Karessa Bowman Jackson - 37, Wallace, warrant of attachment,
battery, $129 bond.

Stephanie L. Jackson - 54, Osburn, warrant of attachment, operating an
unregistered vehicle, driving under the influence, failure to purchase a
driver's license, $547 cash.

Michael A. Jaha  - 37, Portland, Ore., bench warrant, petty theft, possession of
burglary tools, $1,000 bond.

David R. James - 28, Libby, Mont., bench warrant, failure to carry a driver's
license, $200 bond.

Jason E. James  - 33, Billings, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $366 cash bond.

Victor P. James - 44, Newman Lake, Wash., bench warrant, driving under the
influence, seven days in jail.

David A. Jameson - 36, Tacoma, Wash., warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $368 cash bond.

Dennis W. Jameson - 44, Rathdrum, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $666 bond.

Michael H. Janicke  - 38, Richland, Wash., two bench warrants, possession of a
controlled substance, $60,000 bond.

Wendy J. Jarman - 36, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $378 cash bond.

David Y. Jensen, aka John Yung,  aka John C. Jensen, aka John C. Roper - 34,
Coeur d'Alene; warrant of attachment, driving while suspended, failure to
appear, $378 bond.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Tri-Valley Cuisine Scene: Danville's Esin a favorite of foodies, critics alike

BYLINE: By Lynn Carey Correspondent

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 899 words


DANVILLE -- When a girl from Turkey met a guy from Miami in a South Carolina
college 24 years ago, nobody would have guessed they'd eventually end up in
California with one of the most lauded restaurants in the Bay Area. Funny how
things work out.

Esin deCarion laughs as she recalls the road to Danville, where they own Esin
and the year-old Revel, a gastropub. "As a girl in Turkey, I grew up in the
kitchen. Everything involves food."

She was a high school teacher in Turkey until she moved to England, then made
the jump over the Atlantic to the United States. She would have needed another
degree to teach in this country, so instead she waited tables and tended. She
realized she loved the restaurant business, and went to the Johnson & Wales
College of Culinary Arts in South Carolina.

Classmate Curtis deCarion was a friend of hers at first. One day they confessed
they were tired of dating others and took another look. They married in 1993 and
worked in restaurants in Tennessee. Then Curtis took a trip to San Francisco.

"He called me and said, 'Esin, the doors can be open here and there are no bugs!
I'm taking you away from Tennessee."

Curtis became the sous chef at MacArthur Park, and deCarion opened Evvia, both
in Palo Alto. In 1997 they moved to San Francisco and worked as a chef-sous chef
team at Paragon, bringing the restaurant three stars from the San Francisco
Chronicle. The couple was starting to draw attention. But then, despite being
told she'd never have children, deCarion got pregnant.

"I was high-risk, so I couldn't work. We were down to one salary. And we lived
in Alamo Square, it could take 45 minutes to find parking."

They moved to the East Bay, and Curtis became the chef at the Pleasanton Hotel.
Then deCarion got restless, but the cost of a baby sitter would be prohibitive.
They decided to open a cafe of their own so the baby could be at work with them.
Cafe Esin opened in a small space in a shopping center on Crow Canyon in San
Ramon.

"It was always our dream, even when dating, to have our own restaurant. That was
what pushed us. But we were very green. We knew about the kitchen, but not all
the ins and outs of the business," she said.

The location wasn't the best. Customers would call from the parking lot, saying
they couldn't find it. It was often just the two of them, taking turns in the
kitchen and waiting tables. They came close to shutting down, but then deCarion
got pregnant again. "I thought, oh God, we'll be living in the truck," she
recalls. "We didn't give up, because there was no alternative. It was the only
plan."

Then Marion Cunningham popped by Esin. The late Walnut Creek author of the
"Fannie Farmer Cookbook" revisions, as well as numerous other books on food,
loved the restaurant. She talked about it to her friend Michael Bauer, food
writer for the San Francisco Chronicle, suggesting he visit. The resulting
3-star review had customers lining up.

"That was the turning point for us," deCarion says.

The restaurant's popularity resulted in a 2008 move to the Rose Garden off
Sycamore Valley in Danville, which seats 113 inside (plus a bar) and another 30
outside. Curtis concentrates on the kitchen, serving up anything from flatbread
with strawberries, caramelized onions, brie, goat cheese, basil and balsamic
reductions, to the always-popular pot roast or filo-wrapped chicken breast
filled with three cheeses. DeCarion concentrates on renowned desserts, such as
baklava, Black Bottom White Chocolate Banana Cream Tart, beignets and chocolate
truffle tarts.

Esin has become a popular restaurant for celebrations such as birthdays,
anniversaries and proposals. "A lot of our guests came from day one. We are so
incredibly grateful to those customers," she says. "They remember when my son
was in his playpen, toddling around."

That son graduated from San Ramon Valley High School earlier this month. Just
more than a year ago the deCarions expanded their culinary fabulousness with the
opening of Revel on Danville's Hartz Avenue. The food style is different, with
more small bites such as sliders and deviled eggs plus, of course, deCarion's
famous desserts. The couple seem to have a winning recipe for success.

"We know our weaknesses and strengths. We respect each other," deCarion says.
"We are in it together. The fear of failing made us successful."

Cuisine Scene takes an insider's look at Tri-Valley restaurants and the people
behind them. To comment, or suggest a restaurant, email Editor Simar Khanna at
www.esinrestaurant.comHours: 11:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Thursday, 11:30
a.m. to 10 p.m. Friday and Saturday, 11:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday
Prices: Small plates, soups, salads and entrees range from $7.99 to $29. Lunch
is $7.99 to $16.99 and dinner is $7.99 to $29. The menu changes weekly, and
there is a full bar.

Something extra:
Zucchini Fritters
INGREDIENTS
5 zucchini, grated
3 tbs. red onion, grated
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 tbs. fresh dill, chopped
1 tsp. Italian parsley, chopped
1 tbs. fresh mint, chopped
1 green onion, thinly sliced
cup Parmesan, grated
cup feta cheese, crumbled
1 egg
cup flour

INSTRUCTIONS
Sprinkle grated zucchini and onion with salt. Let it sit about five minutes.
Place the mixture in a colander and squeeze out excess liquid. Stir in eggs,
flour, cheeses, herbs and green onion. Adjust seasoning if necessary. Form into
about 2-ounce patties. Lightly roll in flour and fry until golden brown.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hostess Dallas Morris takes a reservation at Esin Restaurant and Bar in
Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. Chef and owners Curtis and Esin
deCarion have been running their neighborhood restaurant that serves American
fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since 1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News
Group)
The kitchen staff at Esin Restaurant and Bar prepare for dinner service in
Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. Chef and owners Curtis and Esin
deCarion have been running their neighborhood restaurant that serves American
fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since 1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News
Group)
The Esin Restaurant and Bar in Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. Chef
and owners Curtis and Esin deCarion have been running their neighborhood
restaurant that serves American fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since
1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News Group)
The zucchini fritters with tomato-sumac relish, yogurt sauce and micro arugula
is photographed at Esin Restaurant and Bar in Danville, Calif., Thursday, June
4, 2015. Chef and owners Curtis and Esin deCarion have been running their
neighborhood restaurant that serves American fare with bits of Mediterranean
influences since 1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News Group)
Pastry Sous Chef Wes Liu prepares desserts at Esin Restaurant and Bar in
Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. Chef and owners Curtis and Esin
deCarion have been running their neighborhood restaurant that serves American
fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since 1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News
Group)
Chef and owners Esin and Curtis deCarion, from left, are photographed at Esin
Restaurant and Bar in Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. The husband and
wife team have been running their neighborhood restaurant that serves American
fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since 1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News
Group)
Pastry Sous Chef Wes Liu and Head Chef Esin deCarion, from left, prepare
desserts at Esin Restaurant and Bar in Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015.
Chef and owners Curtis and Esin deCarion have been running their neighborhood
restaurant that serves American fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since
1998. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News Group)
Chef Esin deCarion prepares a tart crust at Esin Restaurant and Bar prepare for
dinner service in Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. Chef and owners
Curtis and Esin deCarion have been running their neighborhood restaurant that
serves American fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since 1998. (Anda
Chu/Bay Area News Group)
Chef Esin deCarion prepares a tart crust at Esin Restaurant and Bar prepare for
dinner service in Danville, Calif., Thursday, June 4, 2015. Chef and owners
Curtis and Esin deCarion have been running their neighborhood restaurant that
serves American fare with bits of Mediterranean influences since 1998. (Anda
Chu/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 8, 2000, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

INTERNET DESIGN FIRM TRIES A CALIFORNIA CONCEPT -- A FOR-PROFIT BUSINESS;
INCUBATOR

BYLINE: David Nicklaus; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. C1

LENGTH: 698 words


Maryland Plaza's grand old brick houses bear silent testimony to St. Louis'
rich, glorious past. Two of them also are home to a concept that may enrich St.
Louis' future.

The concept is a private, for-profit Internet business incubator, something
that's common in Silicon Valley but rare in the Midwest. In St. Louis, people
are more familiar with government-funded incubators, which offer low-cost office
space and support staff to start-up businesses.

The incubator envisioned by Influence LLC goes well beyond that. Influence, a
communications and Internet-design firm with headquarters on Maryland Plaza in
the Central West End, plans to take in an entrepreneur with a hot Internet
concept -- or create the concept itself -- and then nurture the fledgling
company during an intensive six months of creating a Web site, signing up
strategic partners and advertising the site.

Influence plans to invest about $ 500,000 worth of cash and services in each
company, in exchange for a stake equal to between 10 and 50 percent of the
business. Influence wouldn't make any money unless the business ultimately is
successful and can either be sold or make an initial public stock offering.

Craig Kaminer, president of Influence, said the idea for the incubator arose
after the firm created a site called YourPharmacy.com for Express Scripts Inc.
Influence earned a fee of $ 1.2 million for its services. When Express Scripts
sold the business 10 months later for $ 700 million, Kaminer realized that being
an owner could be far more lucrative than being a vendor.

"We said we have a lot of these ideas that we're bringing to our clients. Some
of them we should do ourselves and bring the clients in for a small piece," he
said.

The first two companies to use the incubator are DriveThere.com, an online auto
club, and CarryEverythingOn.com, an online luggage store. Mark Heller, who
joined Influence two weeks ago as president of the incubator, said both are
within two months of graduating.

For CarryEverythingOn, graduation may mean being taken over and integrated with
a luggage manufacturer that was a partner in the start-up. DriveThere, the star
of the incubator at the moment, has hopes of winning several million dollars in
venture capital financing. That, in turn, could be a precursor to an IPO
sometime down the road.

DriveThere.com already made a splash on Wall Street this week when Lucent
Technologies Inc. announced that it would use DriveThere's site to test its new
PhoneBrowser technology. PhoneBrowser will let a driver retrieve information
from the Internet by speaking commands into a wireless phone.

Shares in Ultradata Systems Inc., which owns one-third of DriveThere.com and
provides its highway information, skyrocketed after the announcement. Ultradata
closed Tuesday at $ 16.50, up from $ 2.75 on Friday.

That already gives Influence a paper profit on its incubator effort. In exchange
for its one-third stake in DriveThere, Ultradata issued 240,000 shares -- now
worth $ 3.96 million -- to Influence.

Influence started its incubator with $ 1.2 million from individual investors; it
raised the money under a Missouri program that gives tax credits to investors in
start-up companies. Kaminer said the company is talking to local venture
capitalists, including Advantage Capital and Gateway Venture Partners, about
raising $ 5 million to incubate a new group of companies.

Heller said the incubator would have room for four to six e-businesses at a
time. Each would be provided with a chief executive and about five full-time
staffers, and they'll work at Internet speed. "We're going to invest upwards of
half a million dollars in each company. We'll develop a Web site, market it,
generate traffic to it, and typically we'll do that in six months or less," he
said.

Such thinking is rare in this old-economy town, but even an economy built on
shoes, beer, cars and fighter planes can evolve over time. Heller said he has no
shortage of business plans, or of executives willing to take a risk by working
for a start-up. "What we're finding is that St. Louis has a lot more
entrepreneurial spirit than it's given credit for," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO PHOTO by THOMAS CORDY / POST-DISPATCH - Influence LLC, a
communications and Internet-design firm, has headquarters on Maryland Plaza in
the Central West End. The employees often work on the backyard veranda of the
office buildings because the atmosphere lends itself to productivity. Cam
Spillman (left), director of e-commerce, and incubator producer Mark Pound work
out strategies.

TYPE: David Nicklaus Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 7, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O08

LENGTH: 551 words


George Ronald Cooke Jr., 24, of the 100 block of Silver Maple Road in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 20, 2009, and was fined
$1,224.

Elizabeth Gordon Sidener, 50, of the 500 block of Wendover Way in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Sept. 29, 2000, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $1,529.

Mctony King Jr., 47, of the 500 block of Bushy Creek Road in Keysville, Ga., was
charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 25, 2009, and was fined $1,224.

Nicholas Scott Williams, 23, of the 700 block of Westport Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 1, 2009, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $1,504.

Jose Colohua Salas, 24, of the 300 block of Michelle Way in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on Nov. 18, 2009, and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $810.

William Jones, 88, of the 5500 block of Washington Road in Appling, was charged
with driving under the influence on Nov. 19, 2009, and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $1,224.

Desmond Elek Tesneair, 27, of the 3400 block of Applejack Terrace in Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 23, 2009, and was sentenced
to 12 months probation and was fined $810.

Scott Andrew Reese, 23, of the 3200 block of Jacqueline Drive in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 1, 2009, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $835.

Michael Tyler Dickman, 24, of the 400 block of Blue Ridge Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 22, 2009, and was fined $810.

Ronald Keith Brigham, 51, of the 400 block of Halifax Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 24, 2009, and was fined $1,224.

Jamsie Lynn Valliant, 28, of the 100 block of Gardners Mill Road in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 25, 2009, and was sentenced
to 60 days in jail.

Frank Thomas Cieniewicz, 20, of the 200 block of Creekview Circle in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 17, 2009, and was sentenced
to 60 days in jail.

Kimberly Kelly Dixon, 29, of the 800 block of Vivian Court in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on Sept. 3, 2009, and was fined $1,554.

Sandra Felicita Rodriguez, 35, of the 500 block of Old Wheeler Road in
Grovetown, was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 7, 2009, and was
fined $810.

Jim Forest Hensley, 51, of the 2300 block of Nina Street in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on Nov. 20, 2009, and was fined $810.

Jacob Lee Roybal, 23, of the 12300 block of Dunedin Lane in St. Louis, Mo., was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 8, 2009, and was fined $810.

Malcolm Glynn Enfinger III, 24, of the 600 block of Brook Trail in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 31, 2009, and was fined $810.

Crystal Lee Martin, 26, of the 4200 block of Deerwood Lane in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on March 3, 2009, and was fined $810.

Renee Tiffany Rodriquez, 23, of the 300 block of Rose Lane in Thomson, was
charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 27, 2009, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $860.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 27, 2012 Tuesday

Amend Constitution to limit PAC influence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 509 words


Amend Constitution to limit PAC influence

Thank you to all in Kane County who voted for the advisory question on Nov. 6
that called to amend the Constitution to limit the use of corporate, special
interest and private money in any political activity, including influencing the
election of any candidate for public office. The majority of voters in Kane
County voted "yes" for the advisory question: 74.3 percent.

People voted "yes" to show their disgust for the enormous amounts of money in
politics that corrupts our government through the richest among us buying
influence from our politicians. It is projected that $6 billion will have been
spent on all federal elections in 2012. No matter to what party we belong, most
ordinary citizens are united in their disapproval of unlimited amounts of money
being spent on elections. The Supreme Court's decision on Citizens United of
Jan. 10, 2010, allows for corporations, millionaires, billionaires and unions to
give unlimited amounts of money to super PACs.

How does this hurt us? It allows the corporations and super rich to be all
powerful over the vulnerable and people who do ordinary things like buying
cellphones, taking medicine, protecting their kids and trying to earn a decent
wage in order to take care of their family.

As citizens of the United States, we are so proud to be living in a democracy;
but the Supreme Court's decision is allowing the moneyed interests to buy the
United States of America. Illinois must join Montana, Colorado, Hawaii, New
Mexico, Vermont, Rhode Island, California, Massachusetts, New Jersey,
Connecticut and Maryland in calling for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution to
rid our country of this undemocratic decision.

Kaye Gamble

Sleepy Hollow

No outbreak with better FDA funding?

Since Reagan the GOP conservatives and, now, the Tea Party radicals, have
bitterly complained that government was too big and regulations stifled
business. After more than 460 cases of fungal meningitis, it should be noted
that had the FDA been properly funded and given the necessary authority,
inspectors could have shut down the New England Compounding Center back in 2005.

But, of course, the Republicans wouldn't endorse the idea of providing extra
funds or more authority to the FDA. Instead, they have adopted the familiar
position of obstructionism and/or underfunding anything associated with the
federal government. As a result, people were needlessly put at risk and around
35 have died due to the right-wing ideology that big government is bad.

Will the GOP stop demonizing government and lookout for the middle class? No,
they'd rather call us Socialists.

Tom Minnerick

Elgin

Disgusted with lack of storm aid

Mr. Ronald J. Beribak hit the nail on the head. I also was wondering if any
foreign country was going to come to our aid after Superstorm Sandy.

I don't understand in this day and age why the U.S. is so generous in aiding
other countries when we ourselves are desperate. Makes no sense.

Does charity not begin at home? We are truly our own worst enemy.

Charlene Hogan

Huntley

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

More Crime Watch for 03/01/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Erik J. Onukiavage, 2 Margaret Ave., Archbald; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Timothy M. Gile, 124 S. Queen St.; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Casey A. Frey, 636 S. Market St., Elizabethtown; accidents to attended vehicle,
expired inspection; held for court.

Samuel E. Brands, 1122 E. South St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Alexis C. Bohr, 579 Salem Ave.; possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Matthew Leyes, 775 Rosewood Lane; defiant trespass; waived to court.

Darryl L. Heverling Jr., c/o York County Prison; simple assault, harassment,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Lonell T. Allen Jr., 143 S. Queen St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver, intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Rebecca A. Devor, 430 Short Road, Thomasville; intent to possess controlled
substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Timothy Klein, 12704 Rockaway Beach Blvd., New York, N.Y.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Jose R. Perez, 617 Girard Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

James L. Newport, 1350 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, accidents to unattended vehicle/property; held for court.

James D. Jones, 120 N. West St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, no license; waived to court.

Walter D. Jordan, 39 Laurel St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under suspension; held for
court.

Kylle J. Rosenberry, 1429 N. Duke St.; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Dontae M. Washington, 1811 Mulberry St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
controlled substance, possession of marijuana, driving under suspension; waived
to court.

Dwayne R. Spak, 555 Madison Ave.; retail theft-felony, public drunkenness;
waived to court.

Dwayne R. Spak, 555 Madison Ave.; retail theft-felony; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1095 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Andrew Dunnagan reported Thursday the $6,000 theft of a watch from his 2004
Infiniti parked at the Silver Lake Motel, 6160 N. Sunshine St.

Moon Time employees reported Thursday $1,500 damage to a glass door of the
business at 1602 E. Sherman Ave.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Barry Watson

Shawn T. Little, 31, Whitefish, Mont.; driving under the influence (second
offense); $2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (325 days suspended,
five days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Racheal E. Reed, 21, Moscow; failure to purchase a driver's license; 14 days in
jail (credited).

Gary E. Mann, 44, Plummer; Count I: driving without privileges; $1,000 fine
($400 suspended), 180 days in jail (173 days suspended, five days credited) or
eight hours county work program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation. Count II: failure to maintain liability insurance; $300 fine
(suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended, five days credited), two
years probation.

Judge James Stow

Kimberly I. Marsan, 23, Athol; Count I: driving under the influence (excessive);
$800 fine, one year in jail (325 days suspended, three days credited), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation. Count II: driving under the influence (excessive); $2,000 fine
($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (285 days suspended, 34 days credited), one
year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Sherrie A. Douglass, 50, Smelterville; driving under the influence (excessive);
$800 fine, 180 days in jail (135 days suspended, 15 days credited), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Jimmy Robles, 26, Coeur d'Alene; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $300 fine, $100 restitution to state lab, six days in jail or 16
hours county work program.

Judge Scott Wayman

Michael R. Deherrera, 42, Spirit Lake; Count I: driving under the influence;
$1,000 fine, 180 days in jail (150 days suspended), 180 days in jail, two years
probation. Count II: possession of a controlled substance; $400 fine, $100
restitution to state lab, five days in jail. Counts consecutive.

Shane M. Colwell, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; 180 days in
jail (71 days suspended, 109 days credited), 180 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Christopher J. Provost, 47, Spokane; operating a watercraft under the influence
of alcohol; $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or
16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Joshua P. R. Haynes, 24, Pinehurst; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Zachary J. Kelling, 19, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: frequenting a place where a
controlled substance is used; $200 fine, 10 days in jail or 16 hours county work
program, $100 restitution to state lab. Count II: failure to provide proof of
vehicle insurance; $250 fine, 10 days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

John P. Singer, 42, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), $100 restitution to state lab, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended)
or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Danika J. Brown, 23, Spirit Lake; operating a motor vehicle without owner's
consent; seven days in jail (two days credited).

Civil complaints

Robert and Gale Carpenter v. Joshua Fish and Larry Fish, seeking an amount to be
proved at trial.

FIA Card Services v. Corinna Lee, seeking $21,017.

Chase Bank USA v. Marlene Jones, seeking $2,702.

Chase Bank USA v. Michelle Russell, seeking $11,958.

Chase Bank USA v. Michelle Russell, seeking $7,800.

Chase Bank USA v. Amy Jones, seeking $2,717.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Milton Morris, seeking $1,906.

Advantage Assets II Inc. v. Lorna Cansino, seeking $2,578.

Chase Bank USA v. Alexandra Shute, seeking $13,393.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Jeffrey Cantamessa, seeking $3,258.

FIA Card Services v. William Peterson, seeking $9,408.

Chase Bank USA v. Kari Browning, seeking $13,766.

Chase Bank USA v. Gavin Rhodehouse, seeking $7,214.

Chase Bank USA v. Alexandra Shute, seeking $22,185.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Annette Skellenger, seeking $1,907.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Kristy Peterson, seeking $11,002.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Garrett Gordon, seeking $1,961.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. William Betts, seeking $11,380.

Advantage Assets II Inc. v. Christian Saganski, seeking $1,140.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Ronald Jandreau, seeking $3,880.

Discover Bank v. Kara Justus, seeking $5,102.

Civil judgments

American Express Bank v. Jennifer Joyner and Russell Joyner, plaintiff awarded
$2,323.

Capital One Bank v. Linda Rader and Linda Rader Hair Salon, plaintiff awarded
$3,180.

Capital One Bank v. Phillip Parent and P. Parent Contractor, plaintiff awarded
$8,224.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lance Gierahn, plaintiff awarded $4,006.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brendan Latimer and Joann Latimer, plaintiff
awarded $6,712.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Branko Tuskan, plaintiff awarded $2,002.

Capital One Bank v. Gabe Lopez, plaintiff awarded $2,394.

Capital One Bank v. Jack Hanson and Jack's Marine Home Services, plaintiff
awarded $3,388.

American Express Bank v. Diane Nagel, plaintiff awarded $19,861.

Household Bank v. Douglie Sloan, plaintiff awarded $3,744.

Capital One Bank v. Stephen Clemons, plaintiff awarded $1,736.

Arrow Financial Services LLC v. Carrie Hawley, plaintiff awarded $7,103.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Delynn Gaussoin, plaintiff awarded $1,980.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Terry Fueller, plaintiff awarded $2,383.

Primesource Credit Union v. Adam Heaton, plaintiff awarded $14,525.

Capital One Bank v. Barbara Eliason, plaintiff awarded $4,064.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Ryan Stramaglia, plaintiff awarded $1,203.

Capital One Bank v. Angela Norfleet, plaintiff awarded $5,203.

Civil dismissals

Charles DeLorenzo v. Brian Gibson.

Divorces sought

Ashley Sullivan from Christopher Sullivan.

Divorces granted

Brenda M. Dunn from Andrew J. Dunn.

Amy J. Knisley from William R. Long.

Joshua K. Carter from Heather L. Carter.

Christine M. Bateman from Christopher M. Bateman.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             August 26, 2011 Friday

NASA made proper pick for retired shuttles

BYLINE: By SETH BORENSTEIN

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


Friday August 26, 2011

WASHINGTON -- NASA acted properly when it picked new homes for the retired space
shuttles, the space agency's watchdog said Thursday.

The shuttles were awarded in April to museums in suburban Washington, Los
Angeles, Cape Canaveral, Fla., and New York, based on recommendations by a
special NASA team and a decision by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, a former
shuttle commander.

Congressional and local officials for two of the losing cities -- Houston and
Dayton -- had asked for an investigation, alleging political influences in the
bidding process.

"We found no evidence that the team's recommendation or the administrator's
decision were tainted by political influence of any other improper
consideration," Inspector General Paul Martin wrote in the report released
Thursday. "Moreover, we found no attempt by White House officials to direct or
influence Bolden's decision making."

The decision was based on attendance, population, funding and the facility. NASA
said 13 of the bidders met their requirements and rated those on several
categories, giving them a numerical score.

There was a scoring error for the Air Force Museum in Dayton and it should have
tied with Cape Canaveral and New York, the inspector general found. But NASA
chief Bolden told investigators he still would have picked the same cities
because they had bigger populations and more international visitors. Also Dayton
museum officials told him they might not be able to raise enough money.

Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, one of the officials who'd asked for the
investigation, said in a statement Thursday that while NASA may have followed
the rules in selecting the sites, it showed "incredibly bad judgment." The
selection criteria gave more weight to international visitors than to geographic
diversity of shuttle locations, he said.

"It is outrageous that easy access for foreign visitors was deemed more
important than access for visitors from America's heartland," Brown said.

Space Center Houston, next door to Johnson Space Center, ranked near the bottom
of the list. It scored low for attendance, international visitors, museum
accreditation and difficulty transporting a shuttle there. Museums in Chicago,
Seattle, Riverside, Calif., San Diego and McMinnville, Ore., all scored higher
than Houston.

Bolden, who lived in Houston for many years as an astronaut and Marine and still
has a home there, told investigators that personally, "I would have loved to
have placed an Orbiter in Houston," but that it had lower attendance and fewer
international visitors than the winners.

The 30-year space shuttle program ended with the last flight in July.

The Smithsonian Air and Space Museum had already been promised one shuttle for
its hangar in Dulles, Va. It will get Discovery, and give up the Enterprise, a
test vehicle that never flew in orbit. That will be shipped to the Intrepid Sea
Air and Space Museum in New York City. Atlantis will stay in Cape Canaveral and
go to the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. Endeavour will go to the
California Science Center in Los Angeles.

The Florida and California museums, but not the Smithsonian, will have to pay at
least $20 million to make the shuttles that flew in space safe for display --
removing toxic materials and fuels -- and transportation costs. NASA is picking
up the tab for the Smithsonian. The shuttles are all still at Kennedy Space
Center being decommissioned.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

8 indicted on bribery charges in UT point-shaving scandal

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


May 6--DETROIT -- Two Detroit-area businessmen and six former University of
Toledo athletes were charged in a 20-count federal indictment Wednesday of
conspiracy to commit sports bribery in an alleged point-shaving scheme related
to football and basketball games, U.S. Attorney Terrence Berg announced. Six of
the defendants also were charged with unlawful use of interstate facilities.

Charged in the indictment are: Ghazi "Gary" Manni, 52, of Sterling Heights,
Mich.; Mitchell Edward Karam, 76, of Troy, Mich.; Adam Ryan Cuomo, 31, of
Hagersville, Ontario, Canada; Keith Junior Triplett, 29, of Toledo; Anton Du'ane
Currie, 25, of Okemos, Mich.; Kashif Lashon Payne, 24, of Chester, Pa.; Harvey
Lamont "Scooter" McDougle Jr., 24, of East Cleveland, Ohio, and Quinton James
Broussard, 25, of Carrollton, Texas.

Berg was joined in the announcement by Andrew Arena, FBI special agent in charge
of the Detroit division of the FBI.

The 30-page indictment charges that between December 2004 and December 2006
Manni and Karam paid money, and other things of value, to University of Toledo
football and men's basketball players in order to influence, or attempt to
influence, the final score of particular football and basketball games. Manni
and Karam would then place bets on these games.

The indictment alleges that between November 2005 and December 2006, Manni and
Karam wagered approximately $407,500 on University of Toledo basketball games.

"Today's charges shine a light into the dark corner of illegal sports
book-making and reveal the unfortunate consequences that the influence of money
from betting can have on the integrity of both athletes and athletic contests,"
U.S. Attorney Berg said.

Andrew Arena, FBI special agent in charge of the Detroit division of the FBI,
said the case "is an example of how organized crime can influence
intercollegiate athletics."

"These charges are an important step in maintaining the integrity of
intercollegiate athletics and a message to the athletes who decide to
participate in such activities," Arena said.

The penalty for conspiracy to commit sports bribery and for unlawful use of
interstate facilities is up to five years in prison and up to $250,000 in fines.

Also Wednesday, Manni and Karam were charged in a separate indictment of 19
counts of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and conspiracy to commit sports
bribery. One other person, Richardo Alfredo Valdes, 43, a professional jockey
from Ocala, Fla., also was charged in that indictment.

Federal authorities said Manni and Karam paid money to professional jockeys,
including Valdes, in order to gather inside information and to influence or to
attempt to influence final results of races at Tampa Bay Downs in Florida.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090506-TO-8-indicted-on-bribery-charges-in-UT-point-shaving-scandal-0506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2009 The Blade


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Rhode Island: RI State Police Makes Six Arrests over the Thanksgiving Holiday
Weekend for Driving Under the Influence

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of State Police, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
news release:

Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of ongoing efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
arrested six (6) individuals for allegedly Driving Under the Influence from
Wednesday, November 26, 2014 through Sunday, November 30, 2014.

The following is a list of individuals who were arrested for allegedly Driving
Under the Influence:

Allison P. Hamel, age 20, of 135 Harding Street, West Warwick, Rhode Island
o Driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs 1st offense (BAC Unknown)
o Refusal to submit to a chemical test

Richard R. Trejo, age 21, of 110 Coyle Avenue, Pawtucket, Rhode Island
o Driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs 1st offense (BAC Unknown)

Daniel T. Presley, age 56, of 227 Mishnock Road, West Greenwich, Rhode Island
o Driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs, 1st offense (BAC Unknown)

Dennis W. Gomes, age 60, of 239 Gray Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs 1st offense (BAC Unknown)
o Refusal to submit to a chemical test

Sean M. Harris, age 21, of 355 Longhill Road, Groton, Connecticut

o Driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs 1st offense (BAC Unknown)
o Refusal to submit to a chemical test

Peter J. Gallucci, age 38, of 70 Berlin Street, Apartment #2, Providence, Rhode
Island

o Possession of a controlled substance Schedule II
o Driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs 1st offense (BAC Unknown)
o Driving while in Possession of a controlled substance

Troopers also issued three hundred and sixty eight (368) citations, including
one hundred and twenty-two (122) Seatbelt/Child Restraint violations. Troopers
also investigated a total of eighty six (86) motor vehicle accidents during the
holiday weekend.

The Rhode Island State Police will continue to enforce the motor vehicle laws of
the State of Rhode Island while focusing on speeding, seat belts and child
restraints, driving while impaired, texting and aggressive driving violations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.coma

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Hometown TV influences new local channels in other states

BYLINE: Rebekah Cansler McGee, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words


April 09--Lexington's hometown influence is going nationwide.

Hometown TV Today, previously owned by Willie Edwards, is the local channel for
Windstream. Viamedia, an outsourced provider of advertising sales service, took
over selling advertising insertions for all of Windstream's channels in October
2011. About a year later, Viamedia absorbed Hometown TV and named Edwards a
business development manager, responsible for creating similar hometown channels
in Viamedia's other markets.

"They (Viamedia representatives) had never seen anything like Hometown TV. After
a year of following it, they got really excited about what's happening in
Lexington," Edwards explained, noting the channel's concept of a hyper-local
focus.

That change in attitude is the kickoff for hometown channels popping up in
several cities in Tennessee and Kentucky. The goal is to expand into many of the
70 markets the company represents.

"The original intent for Hometown TV channels was for cities the size of
Lexington and Salisbury, but we are now talking to Chattanooga and Knoxville
(Tenn.)," Edwards said. "They are just really excited about it."

Hometown TV originally began when a company with nine local channels in North
Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia, including the one in Lexington, went belly
up. Edwards, along with the late John Stogner, partnered to take over
Lexington's local channel in 2007, changing the name from Carolina TV Now to
Hometown TV Today.

Edwards said he negotiated with Windstream at that time to sell advertising on
all its channels in addition to Hometown. Once Viamedia took over, it was only a
matter of time before Hometown was absorbed.

Hometown's specific model highlights only good news in the Lexington community
such as the Barbecue Festival and BBQ Capital Cook-off coming up and advertising
in a two-minute "infotainment" snippet as Edwards calls them. In addition to
selling the ads, Edwards produces the televisions ads along with a staff of
videographers.

"We don't want you to sell your business; we want you to tell us about your
business," Edwards said.

Edwards added he doesn't interview people; he talks to them as if he was a
curious customer.

"If someone came from out of town into Lexington or relocated here, what would
you want to tell them about your business in two minutes?" Edwards asked, adding
this is the question he asks advertisers.

And the style of video is unique to Hometown TV.

"It is not 'YouTubey,' but we want you to be comfortable," Edwards said. "I will
mess up on purpose because that is how people are. No one is perfect. It also
puts the advertisers at ease."

Knowing Hometown TV can never compete with the big news channels, Edwards said
he aimed to be different.

"We don't do 'news.' We do upbeat stories and smiling faces," Edwards said. He
gave the example of news versus happy stories, citing the tornado that hit
central Davidson County in 2011. Instead of covering the tragedy, Hometown TV
covered a fundraiser to benefit tornado victims.

Over time the perception of Hometown TV has changed, Edwards noted.

"When we started out people would say 'oh you are that info channel or tourism
channel,'" Edwards said. "Now they say 'you are my channel.' It feels good to
hear the positive stories and have people thank you for what you produce."

___ (c)2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-1LN-Hometown-TV-influences
-new-local-channels-in-other-states-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Study: 31 million drove after drinking;
But alcohol-impaired rates show decline

BYLINE: Larry Copeland

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 430 words


Nearly one in eight drivers 16 and older drove under the influence of alcohol in
the past year, and more than 4% drove under the influence of illicit drugs, says
a federal government report that sheds alarming light on the problem of impaired
driving in the USA.

An estimated 30.6 million people drove under the influence of alcohol, and an
estimated 10.1 million drove under the influence of illicit drugs in the past
year, according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health. The estimates are
based on surveys of 213,350 people 16 and older from 2006 through 2009 by the
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA).

The survey did find some good news: Alcohol-impaired driving rates for the
period 2006-09 compared with 2002-05 fell from 14.6% to 13.2%. Drugged-driving
rates over the same periods fell from 4.8% to 4.3%.

"We can be pleasantly surprised that the numbers are going down," says Peter
Delany, director of the Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality.
"That doesn't mean that they're great, but the numbers are going in the right
direction. But it's not where we can rest on our laurels."

The survey found that younger drivers were more likely to admit getting behind
the wheel after drinking or taking illicit drugs.

Rates of alcohol-impaired driving were 19.5% for people ages 16-25 compared with
11.8% for those 26 and older. Drugged-driving rates were about four times as
high among the younger group, 11.4% compared with 2.8%.

Last year, 10,839 people died in drunken-driving crashes, 32% of all road
deaths, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says. No such
statistic is available for drugged driving; a survey of studies found that 18%
of motor vehicle driver deaths involved drugs, SAMHSA says.

The findings mirror an AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety survey of 2,000 drivers
in which 11% reported that they'd driven when they felt they were close to or
over the legal alcohol limit; 50% said they'd done it more than once, says
foundation CEO Peter Kissinger. "This is another instance of 'Do as I say, not
as I do,' " he says. "In that same survey, 87% felt that drunk driving was a
serious threat to their personal safety, and 98% said it was socially
unacceptable to drink and drive. But we still have one in 10 drivers that are
still doing it."

Five of the 10 states with the highest rates of impaired driving were in the
Midwest: Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin. Four of
the nine states with the lowest rates were in the South: Alabama, Kentucky,
Mississippi and West Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 03/17/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 213 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Joseph John Collins, Red Lion; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Crystol L. Bonham, Manchester; simple assault, harassment, reckless driving;
waived to court.

Mark Jordan, bad checks; held for court.

Matthew J. Peifer, Lemoyne; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michelle E. Caruso, Lisburn; driving under the influence, speeding; waived to
court.

Benjamin G. Polloch, Pittsburgh; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Shannon Bryant, Manchester; driving under the influence, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, careless driving; waived to court.

Cody Allen Clingan, Dover; use/possession of drug paraphernalia, compliance with
exhaust requirements; waived to court.

David Courtney Winter, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jeffrey C. Bennett, Duncannon; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Frank Michael Rovito, York Haven; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Crystal June Thompson, York Haven; driving under the influence, speeding; waived
to court.

Jason Mark Campbell, Manchester; distribute small amount of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 19, 2006 Monday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 802 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Charles Stone Jr., Horseshoe Ave., Manchester; small amount of marijuana; waived
to court.

Joseph D. Miller Jr., North Second St., Steelton; driving license suspension;
waived to court.

Sue E. Leonhard, Walnut Drive, York Haven; driving under suspension; waived to
court.

Brandon Crowe, Beechwood Drive, Middleton; small amount of marijuana; waived to
court.

Brian S. Piccolo, Wyndham Road, Camp Hill; retail theft; held for court.

Christopher Fisher, West Beale Ave., Enola; careless driving; waived to court.

Timothy Pierre; Carlisle Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Andrew Julian, Lamp Post Lane, Etters; corruption of minors; waived to court.

Robert Shettle, Hunters Run Road, Harrisburg; corruption of minors; waived to
court.

John Collier, Canal Road, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jason Tome, Zions View Road, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Eric Shadler, Railroad Street, Duncannon; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Barbara Hahm, Herman Ave., Lemoyne; theft by deception; waived to court.

Barry Kopp, W. Canal Road, Dover; driving under the influence; held for court.

Kenneth McCleary, Shireham Road, Camp Hill; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Kathleen Niederreither, Rear W. Front St., Lewisberry; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Bradley Metzger, High St., West Fairview; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Martin Sellers, York Road, Dover; criminal mischief; held for court.

Gary Shaffer, Krone Road, Lewisberry; simple assault; held for court.

Anthony Stebbins, Granview Ave., Mechanicsburg; theft by deception; held for
court.

Cory Floyd, Slagel Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Robert Derrickson III, NW 35th St., Boca Raton, Fla.; sexual assault; held for
court.

Matthew Moody, Railroad St., Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Carlisle Eastman Jr., 4th St., Steelton; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Joseph Marlow, Susquehanna Trial, Lot 75; receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Thomas Sechrist Sr., Julius Motel; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Shane Figard, Yocumtown Road; Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Brian L. Shannon, Walnut St., Columbia; fraud, alter title registration; waived
to court.

Janelle Greene, Jefferson St., Harrisburg; small amount of marijuana; waived to
court.

William Tate; Jacobs Ave., Harrisburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Jeremy Bryington; Mountain View Drive; Enola; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Kevin J. Kern, Reeser Drive, York Haven; recklessly endangering another person;
waived to court.

William Stephenson, South Front St., York Haven; indecent assault without
consent; held for court.

Marisa Staub, Cleversburg Road, Shippensburg; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Howard Harshbarger, P.O. Box, New Cumberland; habitual offender; held for court.

Tammy Lebo, East Orange St., Mt. Holly Springs; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Christopher Coder, Abbeyville Road, Lancaster; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Scott Royster, Prospect St.; sell non-controlled substance; waived to court.

Elizabeth Shaffer, Ramsay Place, New Cumberland; retail theft; waived to court.

William Halsey Sr., P.O. Box 415, Thomasville; manufacture and deliver
controlled substance; waived to court.

Kipp S. Rowe, White Dogwood Lane, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Scott Graff, Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Mark McCouslen, Valley Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Stephanie Levitt, Eastern Blvd.; theft by deception; waived to court.

Terri Brillhart, N. Main St., Manchester; simple assault; waived to court.

Nicholas Winters, Oak Knoll Road, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Aaron M. Romagnoli, Cold Spring Road, Dillsburg; manufacture/deliver/intent to
manufacture; waived to court.

James R. Jackson, Albemarle St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jason B. Nesbit, Mahanay Ridge Road, Ellliotsburg; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Christopher Knox, Blue Valley Ave., Harrisburg; simple assault; held for court.

Katrina Dosch, Conewago Ave.; theft by deception; waived to court.

Angela Figard, Dillweed Drive; Falling Water, W.Va.; retail theft; fugitive.

Edward Cadle Jr., Copenhaffer Road, Dover; unauthorized use of motor vehicle;
waived to court.

William Benson, W. Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.; retail theft; waived to court.

James Benson, Myers Lane, New Cumberland; simple assault, held for court.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 12, 2012 Monday

'Influence Video' project spurs thoughts, perspectives among teens

BYLINE: By Charlotte Tallman/For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


Above the Influence and the Unified Prevention! (UP!) Coalition for a Drug-Free
Doña Ana County are encouraging teens to highlight their views on positive and
negative influences by creating an "Influence Video" meant to spark creativity
and awareness among teens.

Influence videos feature real teens engaging in intimate conversations about
their thoughts and perspectives on the topic of influence. The videos provide
teens, parents, educators and others with a first-hand look at the various
issues and influences teens face in different parts of the country. Videos will
be reviewed over the summer, and an announcement about a special video showcase
opportunity will be made to participants by late summer/early fall 2012.

Teens are encouraged to record each other answering discussion questions like:
What does life look like for you on a daily basis? Who is a regular part of your
life? What are some words you would use to describe yourself (or, if it's
easier, what are some words your friends would use to describe you)? What are
some of your dreams and goals? Who supports you in achieving your dreams and
goals? Who are your heroes? Who do you look up to? What makes them so special to
you? What's the best thing about living in your neighborhood? What does the word
influence mean to you? What are some good or positive influences in your life?
What are some bad influences in your life? How do you make sure that you are
staying on a path to doing the right thing in your own life?

The discussion prompts and entire video project toolbox can be found at
www.unifiedprevention.com as well as three videos provided as instructional
tools by teens in Portland, Ore. who share where they find their inner strength;
teens from the Milwaukee Boys & Girls Club who won't let drugs and alcohol make
them lose sight of their dreams of becoming New York's most sought out fashion
designer or the NBA's biggest basketball star and teens from youth organizations
in the Bronx, N.Y. who share their thoughts on why they love. The videos and the
discussion questions can be used as instructional tools and a centerpiece for
dialogue about teen influences.

All required submission items can be found in the toolbox. Original influence
videos may be submitted by an individual teen or a group of up to five teens per
entry. There is no limit to the number of entries an individual student or
student group may enter. Videos should be a minimum of 90 seconds but no longer
than 3-1/2 minutes. Parental and student media release forms are required. All
video and music contained within the video must be original and
copyright/royalty free. Otherwise, written permission from copyright holder
granting use of the video footage or music is required and must be submitted
with each entry as needed. Entries must not contain any product placement or
promote a commercial product in any way.

Influence video entries (and appropriate media release forms) are due Tuesday,
May 15, 2012, to UP! at 301 S. Church St., Ste. H, Las Cruces, NM 88001.

The ATI video project is an activity sponsored by UP!, an initiative of the
Community Foundation of Southern New Mexico. Parents, organizations and schools
are encouraged to include the ATI video project as an activity for teens,
bringing both awareness to ATI and substance abuse prevention.

UP! partnered with the ATI campaign as a community leader, allowing the campaign
to deliver alcohol, tobacco and drug prevention messages at a national level, as
well as more targeted efforts at the local community level. ATI targets youth
ages 12-17, with an emphasis on ages 14-16, the critical transition years from
middle school to high school when teens are most likely to initiate drug use.

A Community that's Aware is a Community that Cares is submitted by Charlotte
Tallman, media campaign coordinator for the Unified Prevention! (UP!) Coalition
for a Drug-Free Doña Ana County, an initiative of the Community Foundation of
Southern New Mexico. For more information on the coalition, visit
www.unifiedprevention.com or contact Stephanie Armitage at (575) 521-4794 or
stephanie@cfsnm.org .

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Strength lies in musical diversity Cabinet to perform in Kirby Center's
'Chandelier Lobby' series

BYLINE: Kristen Gaydos, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words


Dec. 13--When it comes to genre, the band Cabinet won't fit neatly into a box.

"It's hard to explain what some of our songs are like. You just have to hear
what the songs are like," band member J.P. Biondo said. "You have to experience
them for yourself."

The roots, folk and bluegrass band will perform Friday, Dec. 19, and Saturday,
Dec. 20, at 8 p.m. for the "Live From the Chandelier Lobby Series" at F.M. Kirby
Center for the Performing Arts in Wilkes-Barre. The intimate concert series
allows the audience a more personal experience with the band, and includes a
question-and-answer session.

While the members of Cabinet have played throughout Northeast Pennsylvania, it
will be their first performance at the Kirby Center.

"We're pretty excited about it," Mr. Biondo said.

Diverse influences

The band draws from diverse influences to craft its music, using elements of
roots, bluegrass, country and folk. Mr. Biondo, who plays mandolin, said the
band's songs also might include influences as diverse as reggae, rock and funk.

"There's no singular influence between the six of us. We all listen to such
different stuff, it would really be hard to pin it down to one influence," Mr.
Biondo said, adding that while it might be nice if the band members' tastes
converged a little more, "at the same time, the fact that they are so different,
makes us what we are."

Their most recent release, "This Is Cabinet -- Set II," contained six originals
and a cover of The Byrds' "Mr. Spaceman." It was recorded in March 2013 during
shows in Fairfield, Conn., and Burlington, Vt. It's their second live album, and
those are much easier to record, Mr. Biondo said.

"It's definitely easier, because we play so much, we don't even think about the
fact that it's being recorded. We just go out and do our thing like every other
night," he said. "Just try to play our best."

Cabinet formed in 2006. Guitarist Michael Coviello, banjo player Pappy Biondo,
bassist Dylan Skursky, fiddler Todd Kopec and drummer and percussionist Jami
Novak round out the band.

Mr. Coviello and Mr. Biondo started writing music together, which led to
open-mic nights at venues like the River Street Jazz Cafe in Plains Twp. The two
had gone to the same high school. Mr. Biondo said they came up with the band
name while headed to one of those open mic nights.

"I asked him if he wanted to drive, or if I should drive. He said, 'You know
what? I feel like havin' a little whiskey before we leave tonight. I feel like
cabbin' it,'" Mr. Biondo said. "So I said, all right. That's it. We're Cabinet."

Mr. Biondo said he comes from a musical background -- at family functions, the
members of his dad's large clan especially would always sing or play
instruments.

"Christmastime or a family reunion, it's get around the kitchen table and do
some singing, play some guitar," Mr. Biondo said.

Mr. Biondo said when Cabinet got together, the band members wanted to make a
serious push to make good music and make a name for themselves. So they're happy
with how their career has progressed since 2006.

"Where we are now, we did not expect to be here. It's nice," he said. "But it
was always the plan to move forward and make it a career."

Third Breakdown set

The band members also will host their third annual music festival, Susquehanna
Breakdown, next spring at the Pavilion at Montage in Scranton. Mr. Biondo said
they thought it would be nice to bring another festival to the area, where they
had a great venue and a great bunch of fans. He credited their manager, Bill
Orner, with coming up with the idea.

"Everybody was on board with it. We started out, the first year, it was a lot of
local musicians. And it was bringing the community together for a day to have
some fun, relax and hear some good music," he said, adding that as they keep
local acts involved, they're also aiming to include regional and national acts
to make the day "more and more enjoyable every year."

Contact the writer:

kgaydos@citizensvoice.com

If you go

What: Cabinet, Live from the Chandelier Lobby Series

When: Friday, and Saturday, Dec. 20, 8 p.m.

Where: F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts, 71 Public Square,
Wilkes-Barre, 570-826-1100

Tickets: $20 in advance, $25 day of show; VIP, $50 in advance, $60 day of show

Two-night pass: $35 in advance, $45 day of show; VIP, $95 in advance, $115 day
of show

Online: cabinetmusic.com, kirbycenter.org

Cabinet, Live from the Chandelier Lobby Series

When: Friday, Dec. 19, and Saturday, Dec. 20, 8 p.m.

Where: F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts, 71 Public Square,
Wilkes-Barre, 570-826-1100

Tickets: $20 in advance, $25 day of show; VIP, $50 in advance, $60 day of show

Two-night pass: $35 in advance, $45 day of show; VIP, $95 in advance, $115 day
of show

Online: cabinetmusic.com, kirbycenter.org

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141213-YC-Strength-lies-in-musical-diversity-Cabinet-to-perform-in-Kirby-Cente
r-s-Chandelier-Lobby-series-1213-20141213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 17, 2007 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 03/26/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross's office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Jonathan Brooks, NFA; false identification to law enforcement authorities; held
for court.

Gary L. Horne, Old Trail Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Jamie P. Orth, Union Deposit, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Robert Lavery, NFA; robbery; held for court.

Robert Miller, Derry St., Harrisburg; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Mark Umphred, Wissler Road, Etters; simple assault; waived to court.

William Fetrow, Locust Ave., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Haleigh Done, Cassel Road, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Robert McDade, Shelly Lane, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held
for court.

Michael Blose, Vinlyn Drive, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Michele Fieseler, W. Main St., Mechanicsburg; conspire burglary; waived to
court.

John Stockman, Shawnee Trail, York Haven; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Keegan Beinhower, Whisler Road, Etters; simple assault; waived to court.

Brandon Baker, N. 34th St., Camp Hill; burglary; held for court.

Matthew Kerpan, Siddonsburg Road, Dillsburg; driving while operating privileges
suspended or revoked; waived to court.

Alyssa Moss, North St., Harrisburg; marijuana, small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

Matthew Fisher, Creek Road, Duncannon; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Douglas Powell, N. Thomas Lane, Newark, Del.; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Kelly A. Stump, Dellville Road, New Bloomfield; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Vicki Orris, Spring Run Court, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Nicholas Hoyles, Cly Road, York Haven; simple assault; waived to court.

Matthew Hostler, Cloverleaf Road; simple assault; waived to court.

Steven Payne, Farm Lane, Manchester; simple assault; waived to court.

Jonathan Kennedy Sr., Dunsmuir Circle, Middleriver, Md.; driving under the
influence; held for court.

Steven Woodborn, Salem Road, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Bryan Bradley, Eldert Lane, Brooklyn, N.Y.; possession of firearms prohibited;
held for court.

Scott Toomey, Hill Point Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Andy Druck Jr., S. Main St., Manchester; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Deanna Frye, York Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 422 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for any information about the following people, who are identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's department at (208)
263-8417, or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Richard V. Bertollini - 65, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence (two counts), $25,000 bond.

Michael W. Brady - 19, Sandpoint, rape, $5,000 bond.

Edwin F. Chobot - 79,  Seattle, contempt of court/civil,  $100,000 bond.

David A. Hunter - 41, Spokane, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance, possession of methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Thomas S. Johnson - 51, Hope, grand theft, $50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

DiannaL. Baran - 41, Sandpoint, failure to appear/providing false information to
law enforcement officer, $10,000 bond.

Steven D. Barber Jr. - 24, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $500 bond.

Aaron P. Frey - 21, Sandpoint, failure to notify police of an accident, $1,000
bond.

Eric T. Head - 33, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence, $2,000
bond.

Herman R. Kendrick - 58, Oldtown, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
open container, $2,500 bond.

Joseph L. Kennedy - 45, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
possession of paraphernalia, $3,200 bond.

Michael D. Kratzberg - 47, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $1,214 bond.

Chris L. Kuhn - 36, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Kent S. Moses - 54, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $10,000 bond.

Robert M. Payne - 45, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
failure to purchase a driver's license, $2,500 bond.

Blaine S. Sellmer - 45, Heron, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $7,000 bond.

Graeme  Sinclair - 48, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $8,000 bond.

Lonnie R. Timmerman - 30, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $388 bond.

Tony R. Vargas - 22, Spirit Lake, failure to comply/theft by receiving or
possessing stolen property, $228 bond.

Rick A. Whitney - 44, Newport, failure to appear/use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $1,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Official Records

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 6, 2010 Monday

Crime Watch for 12/03/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 556 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Michael W. Beaghley, New Cumberland; simple assault; waived to court.

Karl Matthew Dubbs, York Haven; simple assault, disorderly conduct, harassment;
held for court.

Zachary T. Brucklacher, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Ricky Shane Druck, York Haven; driving under the influence; held for court.

Ricky Shane Druck, York Haven; driving under the influence; held for court.

Shaun Michael McIntyre, York Haven; burglary, criminal trespass, aggravated
assault, simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Barry William Bonawitz, York Haven; driving under the influence; held for court.

Joseph Michael Wood, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Sandra A. Erl, York Haven; concealment of whereabouts of child; waived to court.

Wesley J. Moore, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Darshan Eugene Santia go, Mount Wolf; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Cameron Alexander Wright, York Haven; simple assault, harassment, terroristic
threats; waived to court.

Erik Eugene Snelbaker, York Haven; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David S. Sansoni II, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct; moved to non-traffic.

John Adam Zarecky, Lemoyne; disorderly conduct; moved to non-traffic.

Nina Marie Gurreri, Manchester; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; pleaded
guilty.

Thomas Jarrod Stone, Dover; terroristic threats, reckless endangering, criminal
mischief, harassment; held for court.

Daniel A. Watkins, Delta; use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under
the influence; waived to court.

Stephanie A. Harvey, Etters; access device issued to another person, theft by
unlawful taking; waived to court.

Theodore Daniel Coomes II, Etters; retail theft; held for court.

David W. Gutshall, New Cumberland; retail theft; waived to court.

Chauvon A. Ford, Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Matthew David Smeltz er, contact with minor, sexual offenses, indecent assault,
corruption of minors; waived to court.

Derrick Anthony Thomas, Lewisberry; terroristic threats, disorderly conduct,
receiving stolen property, possession of firearm; waived to court.

Jesse James Lloyd, Manchester; driving under the influence, endangering the
welfare of a child; held for court.

Michael McConnaughey, New Cumberland; theft from a motor vehicle; waived to
court.

Tony Tyrone Davis, Baltimore, Md.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jason Kyle Parker, Wellsville; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Gerald Alan Acri, New Cumberland; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

Ryan Patrick Rentzel, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Terrell D. Smith, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Mary Margaret Slenker, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Matthew Blake Hamp ton, Dover; theft of leased property, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Dale F. Gruff, Elizabethtown; terroristic threats, simple assault, harassment;
waived to court.

Jayael Rodriguez, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Matthew Joseph Stan ley, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

8 indicted on bribery charges in UT point-shaving scandal

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


May 6--DETROIT -- Two Detroit-area businessmen and six former University of
Toledo athletes were charged in a 20-count federal indictment Wednesday of
conspiracy to commit sports bribery in an alleged point-shaving scheme related
to football and basketball games, U.S. Attorney Terrence Berg announced. Six of
the defendants also were charged with unlawful use of interstate facilities.

Charged in the indictment are: Ghazi "Gary" Manni, 52, of Sterling Heights,
Mich.; Mitchell Edward Karam, 76, of Troy, Mich.; Adam Ryan Cuomo, 31, of
Hagersville, Ontario, Canada; Keith Junior Triplett, 29, of Toledo; Anton Du'ane
Currie, 25, of Okemos, Mich.; Kashif Lashon Payne, 24, of Chester, Pa.; Harvey
Lamont "Scooter" McDougle Jr., 24, of East Cleveland, Ohio, and Quinton James
Broussard, 25, of Carrollton, Texas.

Berg was joined in the announcement by Andrew Arena, FBI special agent in charge
of the Detroit division of the FBI.

The 30-page indictment charges that between December 2004 and December 2006
Manni and Karam paid money, and other things of value, to University of Toledo
football and men's basketball players in order to influence, or attempt to
influence, the final score of particular football and basketball games. Manni
and Karam would then place bets on these games.

The indictment alleges that between November 2005 and December 2006, Manni and
Karam wagered approximately $407,500 on University of Toledo basketball games.

"Today's charges shine a light into the dark corner of illegal sports
book-making and reveal the unfortunate consequences that the influence of money
from betting can have on the integrity of both athletes and athletic contests,"
U.S. Attorney Berg said.

Andrew Arena, FBI special agent in charge of the Detroit division of the FBI,
said the case "is an example of how organized crime can influence
intercollegiate athletics."

"These charges are an important step in maintaining the integrity of
intercollegiate athletics and a message to the athletes who decide to
participate in such activities," Arena said.

UT President Dr. Lloyd Jacobs, in a letter to the campus community on Wednesday,
wrote:

"Let me say from the beginning that we take this matter seriously, however we
also consider it past history. We will continue to cooperate fully with all law
enforcement agencies. Working together, it is my hope that this matter can be
resolved quickly and justly for all parties involved."

The penalty for conspiracy to commit sports bribery and for unlawful use of
interstate facilities is up to five years in prison and up to $250,000 in fines.

Also Wednesday, Manni and Karam were charged in a separate indictment of 19
counts of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and conspiracy to commit sports
bribery. One other person, Richardo Alfredo Valdes, 43, a professional jockey
from Ocala, Fla., also was charged in that indictment.

Federal authorities said Manni and Karam paid money to professional jockeys,
including Valdes, in order to gather inside information and to influence or to
attempt to influence final results of races at Tampa Bay Downs in Florida.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090506-TO-8-indicted-on-bribery-charges-in-UT-point-shaving-scandal-0506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2009 The Blade


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 10, 2009 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

RELIGION BRIEFING

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 929 words

THE VATICAN

Jesuit Barred From Teaching Christ

An American Catholic theologian censured by the Vatican for "grave doctrinal
errors" has been told to cease teaching about the nature and identity of Jesus
Christ.

The Rev. Roger Haight, a Jesuit, has been asked by the Congregation for the
Doctrine of the Faith, the Catholic Church's highest doctrinal authority, not to
teach Christology at any institution, even one unaffiliated with the church.

The Vatican's directive was confirmed by the Rev. Giuseppe Bellucci, chief
spokesman in Rome for the Society of Jesus, as the Jesuits -- the church's
largest religious order -- are known.

Haight, 72, has been forbidden to teach theology at Catholic universities since
2005, when the congregation denounced his book "Jesus: Symbol of God" for
casting doubt on the reality of Christ's divinity, resurrection and unique role
as the savior of all humanity.

At that time, the congregation was headed by then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, now
Pope Benedict XVI.

A former president of the Catholic Theological Society of America, Haight is a
scholar in residence at Union Theological Seminary, a nondenominational graduate
school in New York City.

Bellucci characterized the congregation's move as a "suspension," rather than a
"definitive" prohibition, and noted that Haight could continue to teach on
subjects other than Christology.

A panel of Jesuit theologians is working with Haight to help him "clarify his
positions," Bellucci said.

The Vatican in recent years has censured several Jesuit theologians for
deviations from orthodoxy on such matters as the uniqueness of the Catholic
Church and the compatibility of Christianity with the teachings of Karl Marx.

-- Religion News Service

Detroit Archbishop Named

Pope Benedict XVI has tapped Michigan native Bishop Allen Vigneron to succeed
Cardinal Adam Maida as archbishop of Detroit, the Vatican announced this week.

Vigneron, 60, had been bishop of Oakland, Calif., since 2003, and has been a
priest since 1975. He will be installed as archbishop in Detroit on Jan. 28.

Following Vatican rules, Maida, 78, who had led the Detroit area's 1.4 million
Catholics for 18 years, submitted his resignation to Benedict in 2005 when he
turned 75.

Maida, along with 12 other U.S. cardinals, is eligible to vote in papal
elections until he turns 80. With the death last month of Cardinal Avery Dulles,
there are now 16 U.S.-born cardinals.

-- Religion News Service

POLL ON RELIGION

Most in U.S. Say Influence Waning

Two-thirds of Americans think religion is losing its influence on U.S. life, a
sharp jump from just three years ago when Americans were almost evenly split on
the question, according to a new Gallup Poll.

Sixty-seven percent of Americans think religious influence is waning while 27
percent say it is increasing. That perspective demonstrates a continuing
downward trend, Gallup said.

But the 27 percent figure is higher than the record low, set in a 1970 poll,
when just 14 percent of Americans thought religion was increasing in influence.

Those who regularly attend worship services are more likely to say religion is
losing its influence; three out of four weekly attendees (74 percent) said
religious influence is falling, compared with 24 percent who thought its
influence is on the rise.

The poll results are based on telephone interviews conducted Dec. 4-7 with 1,009
adults; the poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points.

-- Religion News Service

RELIGIOUS LITERATURE

Pentagon Tightening Its Policy

The Pentagon is cracking down on evangelizing at its national network of
recruit-processing centers, telling religious groups that it won't permit
proselytizing at the sites.

A new regulation quietly distributed recently to commanders of the 65 centers
says religious literature and publications produced by other "non-federal
entities" may be made available to recruits at the sites but that they cannot
show favoritism to any faith or group.

"Under no circumstances" will any outsiders "be permitted to proselytize, preach
or provide spiritual counseling" to recruits or staff members at the centers,
the regulation adds.

Also barred are publications that "create the reasonable impression that the
government is sponsoring, endorsing or inhibiting religion generally," as well
as secular publications like "sales flyers or commercial advertising."

The action comes amid complaints from civil liberties groups that some
ministries have targeted the centers for their evangelizing and on occasion have
tried to gain an advantage among recruits by tying themselves to the military.
The civil libertarians argue that such church-state ties are barred by the
Constitution but that some evangelicals routinely try to skirt the rules.

The centers run by the Military Entrance Processing Command are the last stop
for recruits on their way to basic training. The newcomers get a final physical
exam and take the oath of office as members of the armed forces.

Jeremy Gunn, an American Civil Liberties Union lawyer whose warnings to the
military apparently sparked adoption of the new rules, said a recruit at the
Louisville, Ky., processing center complained about being approached by a
representative of the Gideons, a group best known for providing Bibles in hotel
rooms around the world.

Steve Smith, a Gideons spokesman, confirmed that the group routinely distributes
Bibles and copies of the New Testament at the recruit processing sites. He
declined to comment on the new Defense Department rules but said the Gideons
don't engage in proselytizing.

-- The Virginian-Pilot

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             August 7, 2005 Sunday

`The last Modernist';
MOCA takes a close look at the continuing influence of artist Jean-Michel
Basquiat.

BYLINE: By RICHARD CHANG, The Orange County Register

SECTION: ARTS

LENGTH: 1053 words


H e took the sensibilities of the street into the rarefied rooms of the art
gallery, and the art world hasn't been the same since.

Jean-Michel Basquiat lived life like a shooting star. He burst upon the 1980s
New York art scene with incandescent fury, rubbing shoulders with Andy Warhol,
the nation's top art dealers and Madonna.

He was prolific in his early 20s, but then flamed out suddenly, dying from a
drug overdose in 1988. He was only 27.

Still, his influence resonates to this day -- like Warhol, he's become something
of a pop-culture icon, and he still has an important influence on today's art
students.

Through Oct. 10, the Museum of Contemporary Art is presenting ``Basquiat,'' a
collection of 65 paintings and 50 works on paper reflecting his interests in
jazz, black sports heroes, inequities in the U.S. and the African diaspora.

The expansive exhibition is an opportunity for Southern Californians to see an
artist who's often discussed, but infrequently seen. In fact, many of these
works have never been shown on the West Coast.

``Unbeknownst to a great number of people, he had a strong relationship with Los
Angeles,'' said Fred Hoffman, one of the co-curators of this exhibit.

``He had three one-person shows in Los Angeles. Twenty percent of this show was
created or previously exhibited in Los Angeles. He had a regular studio here in
Los Angeles. In the early days, a great many of followers and collectors were
here in Southern California. For all those reasons, I think it's appropriate to
have this show in Los Angeles.''

It has also been more than a decade since the last major museum exhibit of
Basquiat's work. The Whitney Museum of American Art had a retrospective in 1993,
just a few years after the artist's death. So the passage of time has allowed
Hoffman and his co-curators -- Marc Meyer, Kellie Jones and Franklin Sirmans --
to ruminate over Basquiat and his place in art history.

``Basquiat is the last Modernist artist,'' said Hoffman, an art dealer and
lecturer who identified the Brooklyn-born graffiti writer as one of the most
important artists of the late 20th century.

``Tons of young artists are picking up on the expressionistic (combination) of
text and imagery, on the incorporation of popular culture, popular music,
magazines and TV into one's own art production. Clearly, any black artist of the
last 20 years has to pay attention to Basquiat as being one of the
breakthroughs.''

Born on Dec. 22, 1960, to a Haitian-American father and a Puerto Rican-American
mother, Basquiat started his art career in his teens, creating cryptic graffiti
art and poetry in Manhattan under the name SAMO, followed by a ©.

He was 20 when he started appearing in galleries under his own name. By 21, he
had already enjoyed five one-person exhibits. He was closely associated with
Keith Haring, another New York graffiti artist who made it big in the art world.

Basquiat's work is characterized by scrawlings of text, numbers and frequent
repetitions of icons such as crowns and halos. Faces -- sometimes simple,
sometimes detailed and complex -- populate his pieces, as do human figures and
occasional animals or made-up creatures.

Basquiat paid tribute to musical heroes such as Charlie Parker, Miles Davis and
Dizzy Gillespie in ``Horn Players'' (1983), ``CPRKR'' (1982) and ``Discography
(One) and (Two)'' (1983).

He championed black sports in ``St. Joe Louis Surrounded by Snakes'' (1982),
``Untitled (Sugar Ray Robinson)'' (1982), ``Untitled (Boxer)'' (1982) and
``Untitled (Helmet)'' (1981), which features ``AARON'' painted on a football
helmet, topped with one of his signature crowns.

Though he never attended art school, Basquiat was certainly aware of other
artists and movements. His detailed ``Philistines'' (1982) echoes the Cubist
portraiture of Picasso, and many early paintings and drawings mirror the
Abstract Expressionism of Cy Twombly. He also copied Leonardo da Vinci's
anatomical studies in such works as ``Leonardo da Vinci's Greatest Hits''
(1982).

Basquiat developed his own intricate word and image murals, which crescendo in
mind-boggling display in the large piece ``Pegasus'' (1987).

With its seemingly senseless repetitions of names, phrases and shapes, it can be
interpreted by some viewers as the rantings of a madman.

``It's clearly one of the most profound works in the show, if not the late 20th
century,'' Hoffman said. ``It reflects one man's capacity to be open to the
outside world. It gives us glimpses and insights into the workings of our
mind.''

Some are not so sympathetic to Basquiat's work or legacy. Noted art critic
Robert Hughes has called his talent ``tiny'' and his style ``wearisome,'' and
has referred to the artist as ``Jean-Michel Basketcase.''

Defenders argue that Basquiat is one of the late 20th century's more
misunderstood artists, and that his drug-fueled demise unjustly taints his
reputation. Fellow artist Julian Schnabel did much to bring the New Yorker's
life and achievements back into the spotlight with his 1996 film ``Basquiat.''
Jeffrey Wright played the ambitious yet troubled artist, and David Bowie took an
entertaining turn as Warhol.

Organizers of the MOCA exhibit are hoping that this retrospective sheds some
additional light on the man and his works.

``In terms of perception or awareness, he was the most intuitive person I've
ever met,'' Hoffman said. ``He was very young, and to have that much capacity
and drive and focus at that age, it was really a wake-up call for me. Youth
culture can make a great contribution.''

In an effort to attract some of those youths, MOCA is hosting a Saturday night
program called ``Night Vision: MOCA After Dark.'' Through Oct. 8, the museum
will stay open until midnight on Saturdays and will feature live music, film
screenings, art-making workshops, DJs, poetry, guided tours and a bar. Special
appearances by well-known turntablists, artists and writers are planned; call
(213) 621-1734 or visit www.moca.org/nightvision .

(714) 796-6026 or rchang@ocregister.com

Where: Museum of Contemporary Art, 250 S. Grand Ave., Los Angeles

When: Through Oct. 10

Hours: 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Sundays; 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Mondays and Fridays; 11 a.m.-8
p.m. Thursdays; 11 a.m.-midnight Saturdays

How much: $8 adults, $5 seniors and students, free for children under 12

Call: (213) 626-6222

Online: www.moca.org

`Basquiat'

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Influence: Though not formally trained, Jean-Michel Basquiat echoed
other artists in his work. His 1982 "Philistines'' has references to Picasso's
Cubist portraiture. Graffiti art: Basquiat's works contain text, numbers and
repetition of icons such as crowns and halos. This is ``Ascent,'' created in
1982-83. Musical: 1984's ``Trumpet'' is done in acrylic and oil.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 4, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 397 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for any information about the following people, who are identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, please contact the sheriff's department at
(208) 263-8417, or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Gary L. Scarberry - 41, Priest River, failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, $35,000 bond.

James A. Schneider - 19, Spokane, parole violation/possession of
methamphetamine; $40,000 bond.

Juan E. Cipriano - 40, Corvallis, Ore., vehicular manslaughter; $20,000 bond.

Joseph K. Cooper - 31, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, $10,000 bond.

Billy D. Cummings - 44, Sandpoint, failure to comply/sexual abuse of a minor
under age 16, $50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Emily A. Baum - 21, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, willful concealment, $5,500 bond.

William C. Casteel - 36, Careywood, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,500 bond.

Julia R. Douvia - 40, Chattaroy, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,500 bond.

Nickolas  P. Fritz - 23, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $8,000 bond.

Pedro J. Garcia - 30, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
six days in jail.

Jeremy W. Jensen - 18, Kellogg, failure to appear/misdemeanor citation, $500
bond.

Ryan M. Low - 27, Spokane, failure to appear/unlawful entry,
resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Carla J. McKinzie - 37, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,388 bond.

Michael A. Narkiewicz  - 33, Olalla, Wash., parole violation/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Wallace G. Tomason Jr. - 31, Ponderay, failure to appear/petty theft, $2,000
bond.

Kara M. Walters - 20, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Tracy L. Dexter - 48, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Justin C. Digiulio  - 22, Sandpoint, failure to comply/assault, $300 bond.

Cole W. Shale - 25, Sandpoint, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $4,073 bond.

Joel E. Wagner - 30, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 9, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 485 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for any information about the following people, who are
identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond
amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's
department at (208) 446-1300.

Felonies

Patrick B. Mathwig  - 21, Lewiston, probation violation/burglary, $50,000 bond.

Terri A. Michell  - 23, Spokane, trafficking in methamphetamine, $25,000 bond.

Randy A. Self - 46, Spokane, burglary, battery, $10,000 bond.

Mark E. Shepler - 42, Deer Park, Wash., probation violation/felony eluding,
$30,000 bond.

Glenn  J. Thompson - 32, Spirit Lake, failure to appear/felony malicious injury
to property, $5,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Matthew J. Comstock - 33, Whitefish, Mont., misdemeanor probation
violation/domestic battery, $10,000 bond.

Michael S. Deverna  - 38, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/driving under
the influence, $10,000 bond.

Curtis D. Earley - 24, Belgrade, Mont., misdemeanor probation violation/domestic
battery, $15,000 bond.

Nathaniel A. Hairston - 36, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation
violation/escape, failure to appear/domestic battery, $15,000 bond.

Terry G. Helmstetler  - 46, Kalispell, Mont., misdemeanor probation
violation/driving under the influence, $5,000 bond.

Glenn  A. Madsen - 39, Hayden, misdemeanor probation violation/battery, $10,000
bond.

Thomas M. Miller - 48, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/driving under
the influence, possession of marijuana, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $30,000 bond.

Jeffrey S. Oleson - 39, Claremore, Okla., misdemeanor probation
violation/domestic battery, obstructing, $15,000 bond.

Matthew J. Porterfield - 32, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, $15,000 bond.

Hugh A. Shawgo  - 31, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/possession of
marijuana, possession of paraphernalia, driving while suspended, $10,000 bond.

Robert S. Taylor - 35, Seattle, misdemeanor probation violation/domestic battery
(three counts), contempt of court, $10,000 bond.

Michael J. White - 50, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/domestic
battery (two counts), $35,000 bond.

Jeremy A. Wilhelm - 27, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, $10,000 bond.

Marc R. Wimmer - 51, Pullman, misdemeanor probation violation/driving under the
influence, $10,000 bond.

Mark D. Wood - 47, Greenacres, Wash., misdemeanor probation violation/possession
of marijuana, possession of paraphernalia, $5,000 bond.

* Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted felons can
be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home page at
http://co.kootenai.id.us/sheriff

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Khabibulin hit with 30-day sentence

BYLINE: Sun News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: SCOTTSDALE, AR IZ .


Edmonton Oilers goalie Nikolai Khabibulin was sentenced to a month in jail on
Tuesday for driving while under the influence of alcohol and speeding.

On Friday, Khabibulin was found guilty of three charges: driving under the
influence with a blood-alcohol count of .08 or more, excessive speeding and
extreme driving under the influence with a blood-alcohol content of .15 or more.

A minimum 30-day sentence is standard for extreme DUI.

Khabibulin was arrested at 12:35 a.m. on Feb. 8 near his home in Paradise
Valley, a town in the Phoenix metropolitan area, after he was tagged for
speeding in a black Ferrari.

Khabibulin's speed peaked at 70 miles per hour (112 kilometres per hour) in a
45-m. p.h. (64 km/h) zone, court heard.

Khabibulin agreed to perform field sobriety tests and eventually consented to a
blood test, which revealed his blood alcohol content to be .164 -- more than
twice the legal limit.

Chelios hangs up skates

DETROIT -- Chris Chelios knew the day would come when he finally had to pack in
his NHL career.

That day finally arrived on Tuesday for the 48-year-old defenceman, after 27
National Hockey League seasons.

"I wanted to leave the game when I thought I had nothing left and there was
nothing left in the tank. I think I've pretty much accomplished that after 27
years. There's nothing left, I have no regrets," Chelios said during a news
conference in Detroit on Tuesday.

The Chicago native scored 185 goals and 763 assists with the Montreal Canadiens,
Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings and the Atlanta Thrashers during his
career.

He'll join the Red Wings' front-office as an adviser to hockey operations.

"When I got into my 40s, everybody kept asking me 'are you going to retire
soon?' I didn't have an answer mostly because I didn't want to quit and I was
having so much fun playing with the Red Wings and winning Cups," said Chelios.
"I never thought it would end."

Chelios holds the NHL record for most games played by a defenceman and ranks
fourth overall.

Weight back with Isles

UNIONDALE, N.Y. -- The New York Islanders have agreed to terms on a one-year
contract with team captain Doug Weight.

Weight will be playing his 20th NHL season, and his third with the Islanders.
Last year, the 39-year-old centre had one goal and 16 assists in 36 games before
he missed the remainder of the season with a shoulder injury that required
surgery.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 03/26/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1227 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Jason M. Bowie, c/o York County Prison; robbery/threat immediate serious injury,
robbery/inflict threat immediate bodily injury, theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property, simple assault; waived to court.

Jonathan K. Kay, 1855 Westwood Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, turning movement/required signals; waived to court.

Crystal A. Catt, 725 Manor St., driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely; waived to court.

Kashan Boyd, 440 Lewis Ave., Harrisburg; driving under the influence: controlled
substance, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely, intent to possess controlled substance by person not registered, no
insurance, unregistered vehicle; held for court.

David P. King, 155 N. Penn St.; false reports/falsely incriminate another, false
identification to police, lamps on pedacycles; waived to court.

Floyd E. Williams, 1129 W. Poplar St.; hinder apprehension/prosecution, false
information to police; waived to court.

Joshua Negron, 120 W. 91st St., New York, NY; theft by unlawful taking, theft
from a motor vehicle, conspiracy/theft from a motor vehicle; held for court.

Tyron A. Goodman, 3300 Glen Hollow Drive, Dover; disorderly conduct, resisting
arrest, harassment; held for court.

Aaron Glatfelter, 622 Linden Ave.; possession of marijuana; held for court.

Leaveil Abdul Sweeney, 515 W. Philadelphia St.; recklessly endangering another
person, false reports/falsely incriminate another, resisting arrest, escape,
hinder apprehension/prosecution, false information, possession of marijuana,
driving under suspension; held for court.

Tyron A. Goodman, 3300 Glen Hollow Drive, Dover; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver, use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Antoine Alexander Vaughn, 469 W. Princess St.; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Shannon R. Brown, 17 Jefferson Ave.; recklessly endangering another person,
disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Stephanie J. Levitt, 734 Pennsylvania Ave.; access device issued to another who
did not authorize use, identity theft; waived to court.

Marc E. Lovejoy Sr., 1350 Woodberry Road, driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, careless
driving; held for court.

Ashley N. Beck, 34 Dewey St.; loitering/prowling at nighttime; waived to court.

Michael Schwartz, 230 S. Royal St.; theft of leased property; waived to court.

Rosanne F. Nelsen, 34 E. 6th Ave.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, criminal conspiracy, manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture of deliver; waived to court.

David J. Day, 1705 Monroe St.; simple assault, flight to avoid
apprehension/prosecution/trial, harassment; waived to court.

Andrew Dennis, 151 Woodland Drive; burglary, theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Migdalia Pacheco, 414 S. Duke St.; access device fraud, forgery/unauthorized act
in writing, theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property, identity theft;
held for court.

Justin Acosta, 214 Arch St.; theft by unlawful taking, theft from a motor
vehicle, criminal conspiracy/theft from a motor vehicle, criminal mischief,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

Santiago D. Brito, 214 Arch St.; theft by unlawful taking, theft from a motor
vehicle, criminal conspiracy/theft from a motor vehicle, criminal mischief,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

Hipolito Thomas, 1505 Park Ave., New York, N.Y.; theft by unlawful taking, theft
from a motor vehicle, criminal conspiracy/theft from a motor vehicle, criminal
mischief, receiving stolen property; held for court.

William Rivera, 214 Arch St.; theft by unlawful taking, theft from a motor
vehicle, criminal mischief, receiving stolen property, criminal conspiracy/theft
from a motor vehicle, unsworn falsification to police; held for court.

Peter Diaz, 610 W. 150th St., New York, N.Y.; theft by unlawful taking, theft
from a motor vehicle, criminal conspiracy/theft from a motor vehicle, criminal
mischief, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Charles W. Milburn III, 627 W. King St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; pleaded guilty at Common Pleas Court.

Michael Dieugenio, 529 N. Hartley St.; retail theft; held for court.

Joseph Boose, 6166 Lake Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Caroline Cosby, 36 Dewey St., Apt. 2; harassment; found guilty, paid costs.

Nathan Gathany, 110 Twin Creek Lane, Kennett Square; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Jeffrey Brown, 551 Hill St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Janice Rudasill, 2706 Ironstone Hill Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

William Rudasill, 2706 Ironstone Hill Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Machelle Hammons, 189 Clover Trail, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Rachel Graybeal, 43 Scott Drive, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Leo Kane, 12495 Canning House Road, Felton; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Christina Kauffman, 16 Hickory Nut Road, Shrewsbury; tax violation; found
guilty, paid costs.

Shawn Melhorn, 3100 Sky Top Trail, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Robert Wilt, 5347 Hillclimb Road, Spring Grove; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Joseph Ross III, 1097 Kratz Road, Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Pamela Cole, 517 S. Pershing Ave.; disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid costs.

York Helping Hands, 412 W. King St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Cheryl Retorick, 3327 Village Court Drive, Dover; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Donald Ness, 576 Salem Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Timothy Hammons, 189 Clover Trail, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Frederic Malmberg, 1545 E. Market St.; property maintenance; found guilty, paid
costs.

Derek Hilsmeier, P.O. Box 251, Delta; tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Lee Garrett, 2628 N. George St.; tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Michael Whited, 6430 Reynolds Mill Road, Seven Valleys; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Valerie Ellis, 12 Whitcraft Lane, Shrewsbury; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Kevin Ellis Sr., 12 Whitcraft Lane, Shrewsbury; tax violation; found guilty,
paid costs.

Karen Winemiller, 16033 Little Road, Stewartstown; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Durron Onley, 920 W. Poplar St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Mikie Taylor Jr., 1473 Salem Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Stephanie Badin, 775 York St., Mount Wolf; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Stephen Graybeal, 43 Scott Drive, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Jeannette Yealy, 97 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Joshua Myers, SCI Camp Hill, Camp Hill; scattering rubbish, open container, park
hours; pleaded guilty, served time.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            November 10, 2014 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

ASK THE WEATHER GUYS

SECTION: LOCAL; ASK THE WEATHER GUYS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 307 words


Q. What location has the lowest average wind speed in the United States?

A. This question requires consideration of the number of factors that conspire
to produce the wind.

Large-scale weather systems are perhaps the best-known features that impact the
winds at a location.

Unsettled weather is nearly always associated with low sea-level pressure and
relatively strong gradients of pressure (differences from one location to
another in a region) that drive the winds associated with major storms.

Regions of high sea-level pressure often characterize fair weather and such
weather systems are associated with small gradients in pressure and,
consequently, light winds.

Aside from the influence of highs and lows, which can visit any location,
proximity to a coast (whether it be the ocean or one of the Great Lakes) can
also be a major influence on the windiness.

The local topography also exerts a major influence on average wind speeds with
sheltered valleys being less windy than the open plains, for instance.

Thus, it is not surprising that inland locations, away from the coasts of large
lakes and near or within valleys are among the least windy.

Among the largest 50 cities in the U.S., Phoenix has the lowest average annual
wind speed at 6.2 mph.

For comparison, Milwaukee has an average breeze of 11.5 mph.

Oak Ridge, Tennessee, appears to be the least windy city in the U.S. with an
average annual wind speed of 4.1 mph.

Interestingly, Anchorage, Fairbanks, and Valdez, Alaska, all have average annual
wind speeds around 4 mph even though it can occasionally be very windy in those
cities.

Light winds in interior Alaska are a consequence of the terrain. ? Steve
Ackerman and Jonathan Martin, professors in the UW-Madison department of
atmospheric and oceanic sciences, are guests on WHA radio (970 AM) at 11:45 a.m.
the last Monday of each month.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCOTT ANDERSON ? Racine Journal Times Proximity to a coast ? whether it
be an ocean or one of the Great Lakes ? can be a major influence on windiness.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              April 4, 2008 Friday

Crime Watch for 04/04/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1128 words


District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Spring ettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Alex M. Rodriguez-Rivera, 343 W. King St., No. 2, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment,
registration/certificate of title required; waived to court.

Hollie A. Haines, 27 Jean-Lo Way; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

Mihai D. Veres, 55 N. Liverpool St., Apt. L, Manchester; driving under the
influence: high rate of alcohol, general lighting requirements, turning
movements and required signals; waived to court.

Michelle Tenika Thomas, aka Michelle Sheron Thomas; 2126 E. Fayette St.,
Baltimore, MD; retail theft, resisting arrest or other law enforcement; waived
to court.

Crystal Laverne Banks, 115 S. Duke St.; false identification of law enforcement
authorities, retail theft; waived to court.

Angela Rea Hollenbeck, 122 E. Cottage Place, first floor; retail theft; waived
to court.

Larry Darnell Brown, 43 E. Philadelphia St., second floor apt.; retail theft,
false identification to law enforcement authorities; waived to court.

Jeane E. Terenchin, 6140 Carpenter St., East Petersburg; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia, display of
registration plate, turning movements and required signals; waived to court.

Bernard L. Rogers, 169 W. Weaver St., Philadelphia; retail theft; waived to
court.

Christopher Lee Shear er, 21-A May Lane; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
suspension; waived to court.

Tanner Michael Rey nolds, 233 Walnut St., Wrightsville; criminal trespass,
resisting arrest or other law enforcement, loitering/prowling at nighttime,
harassment; held for court.

Timothy Wayne Gardner, 78 Pine Grove Road, Newport; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jessica L. Emig, 4445 Biesecker Road, Thomasville; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Jeffrey Russell Mateljan, 534 N. Pershing Ave., second floor; retail theft;
waived to court.

Ernesto Roman Jr., 706 E. Princess St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Chad Alan Gatewood, 2620 Milford Lane; access device fraud; waived to court.

Yvonne Martinez, 186-A South 5th St., Columbia; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, obedience to traffic control devices; waived to court.

Francisco Antonio Oqu endo-Nieves, 29 Columbia Ave.; criminal conspiracy to
commit robbery, robbery, theft by unlawful taking/disposition, receiving stolen
property, criminal mischief, forgery, theft by deception, criminal attempt to
commit burglary, criminal conspiracy to commit burglary; waived to court.

Francisco Antonio Oqu endo-Nieves, 29 Columbia Ave.; burglary, criminal
conspiracy to commit burglary, theft by unlawful taking or disposition,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Timothy W. Bowie, 423 Piedmont Circle; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
suspension-driving under the influence related, required financial
responsibility, stop signs and yield signs; waived to court.

Paul Gerard Gobat, 21605 Gunpowder Road, Manchester, Md.; bad checks; waived to
court.

George Maxwell Hopkins III, NFA; criminal trespass; held for court.

Quinton Sease, 657 Chestnut St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Jesse D. Miller III, 118 Running Pump Road, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: high rate of alcohol, general lighting requirements; waived to court.

James A. Cook II, P.O. Box 1054, Browntown; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, maximum speed
limits, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Candice Marie Black well, 830 Manor Road, Windsor; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
on roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Angel Ramon Schueg-Bell, 667 Wallace St.; theft by deception; waived to court.

David C. Ream, 111 Springhouse Lane, Wrightsville; simple assault, driving under
the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of alcohol/drugs, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Milton Leroy Eutzy, NFA; theft by unlawful taking/disposition, receiving stolen
property, robbery; waived to court.

Kraven A. Christie, 247 W. Jackson St., second floor; receiving stolen property,
driving under suspension; waived to court.

Vladislav N. Mantsevich, 322 Wynwood Road; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver, false identification to law enforcement
authorities, driving under suspension; held for court.

James Robert Aponte, c/o York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; retail theft;
waived to court.

Michael Aaron Fleegle, 709 Smith St.; aggravated assault, flee/attempt to elude
police, simple assault; waived to court.

Bryan Matthew Terborg, 111 Woodland Ave., Elizabethtown; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, maximum speed limits, traffic control signs; waived to court.

Tiffany Nicole Jones, 305 9th Ave., SE, Glen Burnie, MD; retail theft, criminal
conspiracy to commit retail theft; waived to court.

Andrew William Eder III, 305 9th Ave., SE, Glen Burnie, Md.; retail theft,
criminal conspiracy to commit retail theft; waived to court.

Ramon Luis Nogueras-Gonzalez, 18 S. Rockburn St.; marijuana-small amount for
personal use, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court in absentia.

James E. Shue, 2737 Oakland Road, Dover; corruption of minors, sell/furnish
liquor etc. to minors; waived to court.

Scott James McDonald, 822 Plane St., Columbia; driving under the influence: high
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Hector Luis Morales, c/o York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; contraband,
possession of marijuana; waived to court.

George A. Sanchez, 156 Hamilton Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; held for court in absentia.

James A. Billet, c/o York County Prison; theft of leased property; held for
court.

Gretchen T. Karr, 715 Oakwood Drive, Red Lion; driving under the influence:
general impairment; waived to court.

John D. Bricker, 782-F Hardwick Place; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Bruce W. Hardy, 6285 N. River Drive; agricultural vandalism,
conspire-agricultural vandalism, travel on cultivated land; waived to court.

William L. Druck, 1790 Bahns Mill Road, Windsor; agricultural vandalism,
conspire-agricultural vandalism; held for court in absentia.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                                 June 11, 2007

Blogger profile: John Swon

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 643  words


Conservative blogger John Swon describes himself as a "heretic" when discussing
the influence Internet Web logs or "blogs" have on politics.

While some media watchers have pondered the encroachment of political bloggers
on the mainstream media, Swon, 27, and a lifelong Edina resident who's better
known by his nom-de-plume First Ringer, thinks the audience for political blogs
is mostly limited to political insiders and policy wonks.

"The only influence you're having is on the influence makers," says Swon, who
currently blogs at the conservative Truth vs. The Machine site.

Take, for example, Howard Dean's 2004 campaign for the Democratic presidential
nomination. Dean, a former Vermont governor, raised money on the Internet and
received a lot of buzz in the blogosphere before the Iowa caucuses. Dean's poor
showing in Iowa, however, was instructive, Swon says.

"It goes to show the limited influence of bloggers. They don't speak for the
populace at large or even their party at large. That being said, nobody ever won
anything by attacking the blogosphere," Swon says.

Nonetheless, blogs have had moments of profound influence on the mainstream
media and politics. In particular, CBS decided to recant a story that aired on
its 60 Minutes news magazine show in September 2004 about President Bush's
military service after blogs exposed false documents used in the report.

Still, Swon sees the mainstream media as an essential link to the visibility,
and the resulting impact, of bloggers.

"If the mainstream press said tomorrow, 'We're going to have an embargo on the
blogosphere,' I think it could be cripplingly effective," Swon says.

Despite his view on the limitations of blogging, Swon was easily drawn to the
practice.

"I'm a real political junky in general. I enjoy following politics and policy
debates," Swon says.

Swon selected his blogging name "First Ringer" as a reference to his hometown's
location in the first ring of Twin Cities' suburbs. When he's not blogging, Swon
is president of an independent film company called Reel Cinema Entertainment,
which is based in Los Angeles and Minneapolis; he is also finishing an
undergraduate degree at Hamline University.

His parents are both Republicans, but he says they didn't try to indoctrinate
him into adopting Republican views. His mother, Lynn, made an unsuccessful run
for Hennepin County Board in 1998. Swon says his mother's campaign, though,
exposed him to the intense world of political campaigns.

Later, he managed an unsuccessful 2002 bid for the county board by John Knight,
an opponent of subsidies for professional sports stadiums.

Swon has volunteered for area GOP legislators like Rep. Ron Erhardt .

He decided to launch his first blog, The First Ring Blog, shortly after the
hotly contested 2004 presidential election.

"I just started writing and I didn't have any other intent other than my own
edification," Swon says.

Swon's approach to blogging is heavy on research, something less serious
bloggers can not claim.

In one instance, Swon says he spent more than a day doing meticulous research on
the policy positions of candidates for GOP majority leader in the U.S. House in
2006, before the GOP lost the majority later that year.

When Swon started blogging, he'd often dedicate four to five hours a day writing
and doing research.

But then, after 18 months, burned out from blogging, Swon bade farewell to his
First Ring audience in April 2006.

He reappeared earlier this year at Truth vs. The Machine. And last week, he
posted about Rudy Giuliani's bid for the Republican nomination, an open U.S.
Senate seat in Wyoming and even socialite Paris Hilton's brief stint in jail.

"I've had a blast blogging," Swon says. "If you would have told me I would have
been on Mark Kennedy's kick-off tour or mentioned on (the National Journal's)
Hot Line, I would have thought you were nuts," Swon says.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           September 2, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

First Nations gaining political influence in U.S.

BYLINE: Doug Cuthand, Special to Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 782  words


Wealth means political influence in the United States, and the new money coming
in from the gaming industry is making some tribes wealthy.

While small in numbers, the influence of native Americans is being felt with
increasing strength as we head into the U.S. presidential election.

Republican candidate John McCain has a long history with native Americans. He
sat on the U.S. Senate's Indian Affairs committee for two decades and served as
its chair in 2005-6. According to some leaders, McCain spent more time on
regulations for Indian casinos and not enough on health care and other pressing
social issues.

According to J. Kurt Luger, executive director of the Great Plains Indian Gaming
Association, McCain had no major victories to claim during his tenure as chair.
"He put forward a piece of legislation that would have added more burdensome
regulation to our gaming industry at a time when our federal funding was at its
lowest point," he notes.

But McCain has refused to accept campaign donations from tribal governments,
saying they should be spending their money on meeting the needs of native
Americans, not those of politicians. The Barack Obama campaign, however, is
accepting tribal donations.

The situation of native Americans is much different from that of native
Canadians.

In Canada's North, we have a number of seats where the aboriginal vote can
decide the outcome. As a result, all the major parties have been able to include
aboriginal members in their caucuses.

Native Americans in the U.S. number 4.5 million, or less than 1.5 per cent of
the population. Their numbers are bigger overall, but their presence is less of
a factor than that of native Canadians.

Two native Americans have been elected to Congress so far. Republican Benjamin
Reifel, a Sioux from Rosebud, S.D., served in the House of Representatives from
1961 to 1971. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, a Cheyenne from Colorado, ran on the
Democratic ticket and was elected to the House in 1986 and the Senate in 1992.
Senator Daniel Akaka, a Polynesian from Hawaii, is the only native American in
Congress today.

Aboriginals don't constitute a majority in any state. The closest they come is
in Alaska, where they make up 16.6 per cent of the population. New Mexico is
considered a swing state, where native Americans, who constitute 9.5 per cent of
the population, could decide the outcome in the state. Two other states with
sizable native American populations are Oklahoma, at 10.2 per cent, and South
Dakota, with seven per cent of its population native American.

The Indigenous Democratic Network, an organization that recruits natives to run
for local, state and national office has identified Arizona, Michigan,
Minnesota, Nevada, Washington and Wisconsin as other states where native voters
could matter in a close election.

Native Americans tend to vote Democrat, much like the First Nations in Canada
that tend to vote Liberal or NDP. As a result, the conservative candidates tend
to overlook First Nations issues or, as is the case with the former Reform
party, openly attack First Nations leaders in order to gain the redneck vote.

McCain has the backing of some of the tribes in his home state of Arizona, and
many native Americans hold his military record in high regard.

Meanwhile, Obama has held meetings with native American leaders, placed campaign
offices on reservations and advertised in the Navajo language. He also released
a native American policy platform a year ago.

The native American landscape has changed tremendously over the past couple of
decades. Some tribes have been able to capitalize on casino revenue and own and
operate a wide variety of businesses. Others have less access to markets and
have languished in poverty.

According to the National Congress of American Indians, there is a great deal of
disparity when it comes to health care. Native Americans have an infant
mortality rate that is 150 per cent higher than that for other Americans. Their
Type 2 diabetes rate is 2.5 times greater and their life expectancy is five
years less than that of the general U.S. population. There is an estimated
$3-billion backlog in construction and repair of Indian health facilities, but
the government has allocated $15.8 million.

The native American vote in this year's election cannot be taken for granted by
anyone or any party.

Tribes with newly acquired wealth will support candidates with donations and
become more involved with the process. Some will be drawn to Obama's message for
change while others will be happy with the status quo.

Doug Cuthand, a Saskatchewan writer and film producer, brings a First Nations
perspective to issues of importance to both aboriginals and non-aboriginals.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

12 women go for gold as 'Idol' games begin

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 868 words


The Hollywood round is history: Tonight, American Idol (8 ET/PT, Fox) gets down
to reality for the semifinals. First up, the 12 women perform, followed by the
men on Wednesday. USA TODAY's Bill Keveney, Brian Mansfield, Korina Lopez and
Kristin McGrath chatted with the hopefuls to gain a few insights.

Didi Benami, 23

Hometown: Knoxville, Tenn.; lives in L.A.

Theme night she'd enjoy: "Michael Jackson Night."

Theme she'd be anxious about: "Probably '80s Night, because I'm not so much into
'80s music."

Most proud of: Finally knowing that her late best friend Rebecca Joy Lear's
music "is going to be put out into the world the way she would have wanted it to
be. ...  I feel like she's still around and cheering me on."

Crystal Bowersox, 24

Hometown: Elliston, Ohio; lives in Toledo

First music purchase: Pieces of You, Jewel

Best judge's compliment: "Simon told me that he didn't think I was part of this
competition, but it was unanimous among the judges that I'm still here. I
interpret that as 'You're a little off the beaten path, but we like you.' "

Theme she'd be anxious about: "Disco Night."

Most proud of: "My son."

Lacey Brown, 24

Hometown: Amarillo, Texas

Musical influences: "I don't sound a whole lot like her, (but it's) Patsy Cline.
She's a legend. I grew up listening to her. She gave off a really good vibe."

First music purchased: "I was born in a preacher's home. When I was younger, I
was not allowed to listen to anything but Christian music.  The very first tape
I had was DC Talk."

Theme night she'd enjoy: "Country Night."

Michelle Delamor, 22

Hometown: Miami

Musical influences: "Michael Jackson. Everything about him is entertaining.
Beyonce is amazing.  And you can feel every word  Tina Turner sings."

Best judge's compliment: "Hearing Simon saying that I had the likability
factor."

Criticism she needed to hear: "Kara was the hardest on me. I love old music, but
she said no more old songs because I have to be current."

Katelyn Epperly, 19

Hometown: West Des Moines, Iowa

Musical influences: "Stevie Wonder. And I listen to a lot of '60s and '70s rock,
like Jefferson Airplane."

First music purchase: "This is embarrassing, but probably the Spice Girls."

Best judge's compliment: "Shania Twain told me at my audition I have a voice
that could sing a hit song. Growing up, I used to listen to her all the time ...
so hearing that was huge."

Siobhan Magnus, 19

Hometown: Cape Cod, Mass.; lives in Marston Mills

Musical influences: "Janis Joplin and Billie Holiday. A lot of older, standout
singers have been the biggest influence on  the way I approach singing."

Most proud of: "Who I am right now, because I've been through a lot. ...  I had
to grow up really fast, and I've had to take care of my little sisters a lot and
be like half sister/half parent to them. That alone has made me mature a lot
more."

Paige Miles, 24

Hometown: Naples, Fla.; lives in Houston

Mentor she'd like to see: "Patti LaBelle. I'd fall all over myself."

Best judge's compliment: "Kara said our group performance reminded her of
something from Glee."

Why should she be the next Idol? "I really am something different (in style).
I'm super-comfortable on stage. I love to entertain. I like to touch people. I'm
pretty bubbly, too."

Ashley Rodriguez, 22

Hometown: Chelsea, Mass.

First music purchased: Never Say Never, Brandy

Theme night she'd enjoy: "Probably something like Motown, or even ...  the year
you were born. I have a love for '80s rock-love ballads."

Most proud of: "Going to school and finishing college. ... I made a deal with my
mom. I promised her I would finish college before I tried out for American
Idol."

Lilly Scott, 20

Hometown: Littleton, Colo.; lives in Denver

Musical influences: "Definitely all of The Beatles. And Billie Holiday. Her
style, her tone and voice."

Theme she'd be anxious about: "Probably Michael Jackson Night or Motown Night.
...  It's kind of way out of my style department."

Why should she be the next Idol? "I think people need something else to listen
to besides Miley Cyrus or Britney Spears. ...  It's a new decade."

Katie Stevens, 17

Hometown: Middlebury, Conn.

Musical influence: "Whitney Houston is an amazing vocalist. Nobody can sing
likeWhitney."

Theme night she'd enjoy: "I'm most excited for either Motown week, or if they
have a jazz week."

Theme she'd be anxious about: "Probably country week--not that I can't sing a
country song, but I like so many of them it will be tough for me to just pick
one song."

Haeley Vaughn, 16

Hometown: Fort Collins, Colo.

Musical influences: "Taylor Swift. She's such an amazing performer. (Her songs)
are fantastic. Also Carrie Underwood, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga."

Theme she'd be anxious about: "Disco looks so hard. You have to dance around and
be all disco-y."

Criticism she needed to hear: "That I've got to be confident in myself and not
hold anything back, because I really get nervous sometimes."

Janell Wheeler, 24

Hometown: Tampa

Musical influences: "I'm a singer/songwriter. Definitely, Stevie Nicks is my
standout. I admire her so much. I'm an '80s baby. I do love my Journey."

Latest download: LeAnn Rimes' What I Cannot Change

Why should she be the next Idol? "I represent a good amount of America. I'm an
all-American girl living the all-American dream."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael Becker, Fox (12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 27, 2007 Monday

Crime Watch for 08/27/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross's office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Lucille Chubb, Fairway Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

William Street Jr., W. King Street; failure to comply with regulations
required-register; waived to court.

Derrick Glenn, Traver Drive, Lewisberry; forgery; waived to court.

Peter J. Buck, Rocky Road, Mechanicsburg; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Paul Evans, Lismore Place, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Robert Bretz, Pines Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Barry Swain Jr., Park Avenue, Williamston, N.C.; defiant trespass, actual
communication; waived to court.

Benjamin Hart, Stoney Run Road, Dillsburg; receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Amy Bortner, Carlisle Road, Dover; receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Brian Myers, 9th Street, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Tina Schmidt, Severn Avenue, Baltimore, Md.; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Daniel Biar III, Robinhood Drive, Etters; simple assault; waived to court.

Amy Bogart, Fairway Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ricky Druck, Garriston Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Michael A. Reaves, 1117 N. 2nd St., Harrisburg; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Justin D. Keller, 1026 Swarthmore Road, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, paid in full.

David C. Sweigard, 6103 Westover Drive, Mechanicsburg; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid in full.

Daniel F. Klain, 120 Cragmoor Road, York Haven; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid in full.

Malcolm Baney, 2200 Cedar Run Drive, Camp Hill; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Orrie Coffman, 505 Bowman Ave., Lewisberry; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
time to pay.

Stephanie Williams, 50 W. Conley Lane, Etters; school attendance; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Melinda Gould, 5800 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 2, Manchester; school attendance;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Nathan Shortlidge, 5145 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 105; school attendance; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Robert Rawling, 5145 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 102; harassment; pleaded guilty,
time to pay.

Matthew B. Jones, 5145 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 88; harassment; pleaded guilty,
time to pay.

Michael C. Julian, 300 Block Lamp Post Lane, Etters; driving without a valid
license; pleaded guilty, paid in full.

Carl E. Brown, 800 Block Bremer Road, Dover; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

William B. Wrigley, 1st Block Carriage Road, New Cumberland; possession,
transportation of alcoholic beverage; pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Holly L. McMichael, 303A Water St., New Cumberland; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid in full.

Joshua Chambers, 2A Boeing Road, New Cumberland; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Steven Knaby, 320 E. High St., Elizabethtown; harassment; pleaded guilty, time
to pay.

Matthew E. Inch, 4590 N. Sherman St., Mount Wolf; not enough life vests on boat;
pleaded guilty, paid in full.

Devin Wilmarth, 3800 Block County Line Road, Quakertown; public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Glenn Hedrick Jr., 250 Codorus Furnace Road, Mount Wolf; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid in full.

Stella Papatenakis-Tsoura ki, 800 Block Old Quaker Road, Lewisberry; harassment;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Eric B. Gerezak, 3400 Block Arters Mill Road, Westminster, Md.; harassment;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Jerry J. Jennigan, 285 River View Drive, Mount Wolf; violate rules and
regulations of boating; pleaded guilty, paid in full.

Edward Gurka, 834 Limekiln Road, West, New Cumberland; cruelty to animals;
pleaded guilty, paid in full.

James Gladwin, 1015 Old Mountain Road, Dillsburg; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid in full.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

RI State Police Arrest Eight Subjects for DWI During the Holiday Weekend

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: New York



 Providence: The State of Rhode Island has issued the followin news release:
 RI State Police Arrest Eight Subjects for DWI During the Holiday Weekend



 Rhode Island State Police Arrest Eight Subjects for Driving While Intoxicated
During the Holiday Weekend



 For Immediate Release



 January 3, 2017



 Contact: Captain John M. Allen District "A" Commander RISP Headquarters (401)
444-1008 ________________________________________



 Colonel Ann C. Assumpico, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested eight (8) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated during the New
Year's Holiday weekend.





 The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
Intoxicated:



 Victor M. Sotelo, age 36, of 221 California Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a
Chemical Test o Disorderly Conduct



 James J. Martin, age 32, of 385 Cass Avenue, Woonsocket, Rhode Island o Driving
Under the Influence - 1st Offense (Blood Results Pending) o Driving Without a
License o Superior Court Warrant



 Ryan D. Rooney, age 30, of 13 Laurel Street, Johnston, Rhode Island o Driving
Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.148/.162)



 Brittney L. Pereira, age 22, of 15 Pembroke Avenue, Pawtucket, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.135/.145)



 Michael O. Quarles, age 30, of 663 Broad Street, Central Falls, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a
Chemical Test



 Joel A. Medina, age 31, of 112 Washington Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a
Chemical Test o Reckless Driving



 Michael F. Mahoney, age 40, of 62 Waldeck Street, Dorchester, Massachusetts o
Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (Blood Results Pending) o Driving with
a Suspended License



 Stephen P. Chatowsky, age 46, of 148 Woody Hill Road, Hopkinton, Rhode Island o
Driving Under the Influence - 2nd Offense o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test




 In total, Troopers effected 62 arrests, investigated 61 accidents and issued
694 summonses during the holiday weekend.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday

Centrists pin their hopes on the class of '10

BYLINE: By Alexander Bolton

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 996 words


Centrist Republicans in the Senate are hopeful that victories in the November
election will swell their ranks, reduce conservatives' influence and make it
easier to defy GOP leaders. Much attention is focused on the likely election of
conservatives such as Rand Paul in Kentucky and Mike Lee in Utah, and possibly
Sharron Angle in Nevada and Marco Rubio in Florida. But if centrists such as
Reps. Mike Castle (Del.)

and Mark Kirk (Ill.) win their races, it might soften the influence of
conservatives in the 112th Congress. Congressional experts and lawmakers say a
strong class of centrists could blunt the influence of conservative freshmen
sent to Washington by Tea Party voters. Senate Republican centrists have become
a rare breed; Democrats find themselves repeatedly turning to the same small
group of Republicans to help them pass bills. Centrist Sens. Olympia Snowe
(R-Maine), Susan Collins (R-Maine), Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Scott Brown
(R-Mass.) have often been subjected to intense scrutiny and pressure as the
votes that can make or break President Obama's agenda. Democrats have expressed
frustration that they have not been able to pick off Snowe or Collins to pass
more legislation, but lawmakers say it's tougher for the two to buck their party
without more support from fellow centrist Republicans. Centrist Republicans used
to hold lunch meetings every Wednesday - earning the nickname "The Wednesday
Club." It was the counterpart to the conservative Republican Steering Committee
weekly lunches, now hosted by Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.). But the Wednesday Club
doesn't exist anymore as a centrist Republican policy forum. It switched its
meeting time to Thursday and usually includes a broad swath of the conference.
Things could change next year if the bloc of centrist Republicans grows
significantly. Castle in Delaware, Kirk in Illinois, businesswoman Carly Fiorina
in California, Gov. Charlie Crist in Florida and Gov. John Hoeven in North
Dakota have a good chance of capturing Senate seats. All, except Crist, would
replace Democrats. (Crist is running as an Independent, but he was elected
governor as a Republican. He has not said which party he will caucus with if
he's elected.) "Any time you have moderates from either side of the aisle
working together and have enough moderates, we're going to be able to deal
effectively with extreme positions that are often included in legislation," said
Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.), who helped bring Snowe and Collins along to support a
$787 billion economic stimulus bill last year. It was one of the few major bills
to pass this Congress with bipartisan support. Democrats had so few potential
negotiating partners, they turned to the same GOP lawmaker, Graham, to attempt
to forge a compromise on climate and energy reform and immigration reform. It
was telling that only one Republican was willing to negotiate on two of Obama's
leading initiatives. "The goal of anybody who wants to solve a problem is to
create some momentum for other people to join in," said Graham, who added that
centrists such as Castle and Kirk would be more likely to join bipartisan talks.
Castle and Kirk, for example, were helpful allies to Democrats after they
captured control of the House in 2006. They both voted for several proposals of
the legislative agenda Democrats campaigned on to oust Republicans from power.
In January of 2007, they voted to implement the recommendations of the 9/11
Commission; to increase the federal minimum wage to $7.25 an hour; and to repeal
tax cuts to oil companies and mandate they pay fees for removing oil from the
Gulf of Mexico. They also voted in 2007 for a measure opposing President George
W. Bush's plan to increase troops in Iraq, and sponsored a $35 billion expansion
of the State Children's Health Insurance Program. Senate Republicans, weary of
life in the minority, are too excited about Castle, Kirk and other centrists
winning Democratic seats to quibble about their records. Republicans would need
to win 10 seats in order to capture the majority. A review of Castle's campaign
fundraising records shows he has received thousands of dollars in contributions
from conservatives such as Sens. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), Jon Kyl (R-Ariz.),
Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Mike Johanns (R-Neb.), Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and Saxby
Chambliss (R-Ga.). Darrell West, the director of governance studies at the
Brookings Institute, said Castle, Kirk, Fiorina and Crist could embolden
centrists such as Snowe and Collins by joining the chamber. "It creates the
possibility of coalition-building, and that's very difficult right now," said
West. "There is safety in numbers if you have a larger group [of centrists]. It
creates some political cover for people to talk to Democrats." West said there
are so few centrists in the Senate that it makes it easier for Republican
leaders to keep their members in line. "Historically, there were more moderates
in the Senate and people were more willing to cross party lines," he said.
"There was more bipartisan sponsorship of legislation." Sen. Joe Lieberman
(Conn.), an Independent who caucuses with Democrats, agrees with that analysis.
"The more moderates there are here in both parties, the more of a bridge there
is, the more of a potential to build a bridge between both parties," said
Lieberman, who added that it has been difficult for Snowe and Collins to do that
because there are so few Republican centrists. "It puts them under a lot of
pressure," he said. McConnell has had a standing policy this Congress that any
lawmaker who plans to strike a deal with Democrats must first explain his or her
reasons to the entire GOP conference. This subtle form of peer pressure has
proven remarkably effective in keeping Senate Republicans unified against
Obama's agenda. A senior Republican aide said it would be "interesting" to be
present at the first GOP conference meetings where Castle, Kirk, Paul and Lee
discuss their visions for the chamber.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2010 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 420 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Donald R. Crum - 43, Bonners Ferry, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $40,000 bond.

Nicole L. Hutchinson - 22, Ada, Okla., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance, $40,000 bond.

David H. McElhaney - 54, Knoxville, Tenn., grand theft, $25,000 bond.

Mairia  M. Wright - 19, Ontario, Ore., failure to appear/burglary, $25,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Peter D. McLean - 45, Moses Lake, failure to appear/violation of a no-contact
order, $427 bond.

Joseph R. Miles - 34, Faribault, Minn., parole violation/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; $5,000 bond.

Allen L. Miranda - 24, city unavailable, driving without privileges,
inattentive/careless driving, $2,000 bond.

Aliya  N. Mullen - 21, Edmonds, Wash., failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, possession of paraphernalia, possession of alcohol by a
minor, $2,000 bond.

Misty D. Nelson - 25, Sacramento, Calif., failure to appear/failure to purchase
a driver's license, operating a vehicle without insurance, $1,000 bond.

John L. Nunnery - 31, Bellflower, Calif., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Jose A. Pacheco - 34, Denver, Colo., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

James M. Paulson - 53, Minot, N.D., parole violation/driving under the influence
, $5,000 bond.

Michael J. Peck - 44, Rapid City, S.D., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $10,000 bond.

Torry D. Pope - 35, Escondito, Calif., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Celeste R. Redding - 26, Portland, possession of a controlled substance, $2,000
bond.

Richard T. Reimann - 42, Amityville, N.Y., parole violation/open container of
alcohol, $5,000 bond.

Thomas M. Rooney - 41, Butte, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$5,500 bond.

Philip L. Rusho - 50, Newport, Wash., driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

William J. Sands - 24, Spokane, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $5,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

EDITORIAL: State's senatorial influence notches up

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 477 words


Jan. 11--The U.S. Congress convened for a new term last week, and many things
will change inside the Capitol within the committee process, where Republicans
now have majorities in both chambers.

The Senate's transition from Democratic to Republican control played in
Mississippi's favor as influence is historically measured in Congress.

Our senior senator, Thad Cochran of Oxford, is among the most powerful in the
chamber, and he will head the Appropriations Committee for the second time in a
Washington career that spans 43 years, including U.S. House service from 1972 to
1978. That post has no committee equal inside Congress.

Sen. Roger Wicker of Tupelo will chair the Seapower Sub-Committee, which
historically has strong economic impact for our state because of the U.S. Navy's
presence on the Gulf Coast, and the contracts awarded Ingalls Shipbuilding in
Pascagoula, a major builder of warships and our state's largest employer.

In broader terms, the publication Roll Call ranks Mississippi's "clout" index
15th among all the states, making us disproportionately powerful in relation to
population and the size of the total delegation (only six).

California, Florida and Texas are predictably 1, 2 and 3, but Mississippi's
ranking factor, 58.7, is second only to Louisiana's among the top 15 and among
Southern states.

Mississippi's Clout Index measures influence in Congress by state, with states
scored from 1 to 100 using a formula that accounts for a wide variety of
criteria, including size of the delegation, seniority, number of full committee
chairmen and ranking members, and per capita federal spending received.

Wicker serves on five committees, and he heads the caucus-elected Senate
Republican Campaign Committee, a powerful political arm. He will remain on the
Armed Services Committee, the Budget Committee; the Commerce, Science, and
Transportation Committee; and the Environment and Public Works Committee (EPW).
He will also serve on the Rules Committee.

The announcement of the seapower post was made Thursday by Senate Armed Services
Committee Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz.

Wicker also was named chairman of Subcommittee on Communications, Technology,
Innovation and the Internet.

Cochran's selection to lead the Appropriations Committee, which generally sets
all spending legislation before it goes to the Senate floor, also could mean
money for his home state.

In accepting the position after winning a seventh six-year term, the 77-year-old
Cochran vowed to work with all senators from both parties, which is historically
the road to highest influence and helpful leadership.

Senatorial influence isn't a contest, but it's better to have it than not.

___ (c)2015 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150111-TP-EDITORIAL-State-s-senatorial-influence
-notches-up-0111-20150111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2015 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             April 8, 2013, Monday

In Mountain State, Beilein has left a lasting influence

BYLINE: Chuck McGill

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 1128 words


John Beilein, a teacher of life and basketball for 38 years, isn't likely to
take a moment to soak it in if Michigan wins the national championship tonight.

The former West Virginia men's basketball coach, who led the Mountaineers to the
cusp of the Final Four in 2005 before his team frittered away a 20-point lead to
tonight's adversary - Rick Pitino and Louisville - can complete the path from
Newfane (N.Y.) Central High School to national champion by beating the
top-seeded Cardinals in Atlanta.

The Mountain State will be watching.

During Beilein's five years with the Mountaineers (2002-07), he never stopped
teaching and never stopped touching lives. His playing career also took place in
West Virginia, at Wheeling College - now Wheeling Jesuit - from 1971-75.

Journalist Henry Brooks Adams once wrote, "A teacher affects eternity; he can
never tell where his influence stops."

In my conversations with people who've had interactions with Beilein - as either
part of his staff or the media who covered him at WVU - he has left an indelible
mark. He is a beloved figure here with considerable lasting influence.

The explosion of adulation on Twitter after Michigan ousted Syracuse in the
semifinals Saturday night alone might prove that.

There are also these stories from people - all state natives - who crossed paths
with Beilein at WVU or Michigan.

Chris Richardson, a WVU graduate and former part-time sportswriter for the Daily
Mail, is an assistant basketball coach at Division II Delta State in Cleveland,
Miss. He covered WVU while Beilein was there and has had multiple run-ins with
Beilein on the road recruiting and at different Final Four sites.

Beilein might not always remember Richardson's name, but he knows the face, the
person and the story.

"He's always nothing but gracious, nothing but complimentary about his time at
West Virginia," Richardson said during a phone interview from Atlanta, site of
this year's Final Four. "He always remembers that I was a reporter at WVU and he
wants to know what I'm up to.

"He's a special guy when it comes to people skills."

Adam Fletcher, a 2005 graduate of St. Albans who played his hoops at Miami
University in Ohio, was an assistant strength coach at Michigan for two seasons.
Fletcher just completed his first season as the strength coach at Towson
University in Maryland.

"You won't find a better guy in the business who does things the right way and
if you're around him long enough it's pretty impressive how he manages that on a
daily basis," Fletcher said. "Whenever I was up for the Towson job, one of the
better things I had going for me was John Beilein went out of his way to call
for me for that position.

"I saw him at a closed practice (at the Final Four on Friday) and it was like he
just saw me yesterday.

"With all the stuff you see going on now in college basketball, the reports you
see in the paper and on television, you know something like that would never
happen in his program. He's always doing the right thing."

Mark Richmond is a University of Charleston assistant who worked as a student
manager for Beilein at WVU. He witnessed Beilein's meticulousness when it came
to everything, on and off the court.

"He's a mastermind. He's got everything down to a science," Richmond said.
"Every practice is perfectly planned and everyone knows their role. I actually
can't believe how much he's evolved at Michigan. He's running so many simple
things and he's come around and changed with the game, which is why he's in the
Final Four now."

Coaches often talk about plays that even out over time. Richmond thought about
that during Michigan's come-from-behind win against Kansas in the Sweet 16, when
Trey Burke hit a 28-foot 3-pointer with 4.2 seconds left of regulation.

Seven years ago, Texas guard Kenton Paulino hit a game-winning 3-pointer in the
Sweet 16 to eliminate the Mountaineers from the NCAA Tournament.

"Everything comes full circle," Richmond said.

When Kansas led Michigan by 10 points with 2:52 left in this year's Sweet 16,
Richardson watched and learned from Beilein.

"He never gets too emotional one way or another," Richardson said. "He's
cerebral and calm. He's sitting there taking it all in and when you have a coach
like that, it can really help your players. They don't get rattled.

"Great players reflect the personalities of their coach and that's one of the
reasons Michigan is in the final game."

Another Beilein lesson passed on to a young coach.

During my undergraduate years at West Virginia, I witnessed Beilein's work
firsthand. Between classes at the Coliseum, I'd sometimes grab lunch and take a
seat in an empty basketball arena to pass the time.

One day, Northwestern State transfer D'or Fischer was practicing jumpers from
the elbow. Beilein, in a T-shirt and shorts, started running the Coliseum steps
on the second level.

He'd run to the top, turn around, and as his momentum carried him back down the
steps he'd shout instructions at the WVU big man.

He never stopped teaching.

That stuck with a former Daily Mail colleague Andrew Beckner, who is now the
press secretary for Sen. Jay Rockefeller.

Beckner spent three years covering Beilein and the Mountaineers for the Daily
Mail. One time Beckner was in a hotel for a WVU road trip running on a treadmill
in an otherwise empty fitness room when Beilein walked in.

There were 20 or 30 treadmills, so Beilein had his pick. He took the one beside
Beckner and the two watched a televised college basketball game during the
workout.

"He could've very easily nodded at me and gone to the other end of the room
knowing that I'm a reporter and he could have just jogged on his own," Beckner
said. "The entire time we were there, probably 30-45 minutes, he diagrammed
plays for me. He knew what plays were coming and he explained the game from a
coach's perspective.

"That could have been his quiet time, but he was a teacher and he wanted to
teach me about basketball."

A couple years later, Beckner went to New York City to watch the Mountaineers
win the National Invitation Tournament at Madison Square Garden.

"It was the NIT and ended up being his last game at West Virginia," Beckner
recalled. "The players are cutting the nets down and he's explaining to (Alex)
Ruoff and (Joe) Alexander how to cut the net. It wasn't enough for them to cut
it, but he had to make sure they were cutting it evenly so everyone got a big
enough piece.

"I remember him standing there on the court, hands behind his back, teaching
them how to cut the nets down."

Don't be surprised if he does the same tonight in Atlanta.

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

Michigan Coach John Beilein spent five seasons on the bench with the
Mountaineers (2002-07).

Contact sports editor Chuck McGill at chuck.mcgill@dailymail.com or
304-348-7949. Follow him on Twitter @chuckmcgill.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 09/23/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1077 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Julio D. Garcia, 502 Prospect St.; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Monica M. Yeager, 1303 W. College Ave.; driving under the influence: controlled
substance, driving under the influence: metabolite, driving under the influence:
impair ability to drive; waived to court.

Megan L. Rishaw, 26 Fenwick Drive, Manchester; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Joshua E. Little, 311 South St., Hanover; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Dennis M. Hotz, 4309 Winchester Road, Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Destini M. Smith, 593 W. Princess St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, careless driving; waived to court.

Craig D. Forbes, 242 Susquehanna Ave., Enola; rape of a child, statutory sexual
assault, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse with a child, sexual assault,
aggravated indecent assault of a child, indecent assault, complainant less than
13, contact, communication with a minor, sexual offenses, corruption of minors;
held for court.

Mark Strickler Jr., 258 S. Belvidere Ave.; 258 S. Belvidere Ave.; burglary,
theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Mason D. Onativia, 3400 Concord Road; theft from a motor vehicle, conspiracy to
commit theft from vehicle, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Paul Klimm, 34 S. Main St., Shrewsbury; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Rodney Talley, NFA; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, served time.

Heriberto Pabon, 120 Willis Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, served time.

Steve Carbaugh, 1462 S. George St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Matthew J. Wolfe, 1238 W. King St.; false report, reported offense did not
occur; waived to court.

Kristen M. Arena, 3400 Eastern Blvd., Apt. E9; theft of services-acquisition of
service, theft by deception-false impression, theft by deception-failure to
correct, identity theft; held for court.

Tania Simone Salisbury, 425 W. College Ave.; retail theft-felony; held for
court.

John Korns Jr., 2144 Fineview Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, possession of controlled substance by person not registered; waived
to court.

William Warner Jr., 825 N. Duke St., Apt. 2; harassment; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

George Schruefer Jr., 200 Creamery Ave., Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Thomas G. Boring, 1461 Old Salem Road; drink intoxicants on the street; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jeremy Chronister, 244 Lena Drive; public drunkenness; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jeremy Sidoriak, 2666 Lafayette Ave., Steubenville, Ohio; transient business
ordinance; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Bonnie Warren, 1200 W. Poplar St., 2nd floor; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Melissa Hayden, 77 W. Canal St., Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Joseph Howard III, 3215 Gravel Lick Road, Castlewood, Va.; harassment,
disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Michael Flores, 114 Cedar Drive, Dover; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and cost.

Cherylann Dowell, 510 Robin Hill Circle; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Margarita Mazyck, 3016 Bornt Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Timothy Mazyck, 3016 Bornt Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Christopher Shaffer, 20 S. Front St., New Freedom, bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid fine, costs and restitution.

Gavin Delong, 835 Main St., Delta; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Robert G. Mayfield, 151 Grove Road, Stewartstown; tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Richard Williams Jr., 70 Jamison Drive; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

James A. Nickol, 1655 Filbert St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Wendy Vehar, 79 S. Front St., York Haven; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Brier E. Landis, 18020 Queen Elizabeth Drive, Olney, Md.; criminal
mischief-tamper with property, criminal mischief-damage property; held for
court.

Makensie R. Kraft, 1221 W. Calle Del Norte, Chandler, Ariz.; criminal
mischief-tamper with property, criminal mischief-damage property; held for
court.

Kevin M. Fox, c/o York County Prison; burglary, theft by unlawful taking,
possession of firearms prohibited, receiving stolen property, firearms not to be
carried without a license, forgery-alter writing, identity theft; held for
court.

Westlee A. Ferguson, York County Prison; false identification to police; waived
to court.

Garry L. Boyer, 3411 Schoolhouse Road, Dover; retail theft; held for court.

---

District Judge Dwayne A. Dubs' office covers Hanover.

DISPOSITIONS

Taylor A. Clabaugh, Fox Knoll Court, Hanover; underage drinking; found guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Barbara Sullivan-Hoff man, North Second Street, Newport; retail theft; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Terry L. Clouser, Clover Lane, Hanover; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Lance T. Altland, Westminster Avenue, Hanover; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Donald D. Harris, Maple Avenue, Hanover; harassment; pleaded guilty, ordered to
pay fine and costs.

Rodney J. Miller, Frederick Street, Hanover; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Victoria A. Stump, Dove Circle, Hanover; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Richard A. Bradburn, Dove Circle, Hanover; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Christopher A. Redding, York Road, Abbottstown; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Ronald E. Weidner, Baltimore Street, Hanover; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Samuel L. Hauser, Centennial Avenue, Hanover; disorderly conduct, public
drunkenness; pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Jeremiah J. Leighty, Ridge Road, Glenville; criminal mischief; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Kevin L. Sutherland, Broadway, Hanover; bad check filed by Case Beer Outlet;
pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 26, 2014 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

2014-15 NBA preview: LeBron James's growing sphere of influence

BYLINE: Michael Lee

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 968 words


LeBron James is often described as a freak of nature because of the influence
his rare athletic gifts and intelligence can have on the basketball court. But
his impact far exceeds his ability to attack the rim or set up his teammate with
a perfect pocket pass. Off the court, players take cues from him on how to
structure their contracts and build their individual brands, and companies look
to him to convince the public what to eat, drink and wear, which phone to buy
and which headphones they should use to listen to music. Â¶ James proved in the
offseason he could alter the NBA like an agitated fault line, shaking up the
foundations for more than half of the league's teams. Â¶ You may have heard by
now, but James decided to leave the fiesta in Miami to have a homecoming dance
in Cleveland. You might not realize how that move helped Chris Bosh make an
extra $30 million, directed Paul Pierce toward Washington and allowed the
Minnesota Timberwolves to rebuild after trading Kevin Love. Â¶ The lasting
effect of James's latest move won't be known for some time, but the tremors have
been felt from Ohio to Florida to California to Massachusetts and nearly all
parts in between, with almost 50 players affected.

LeBron James is often described as a freak of nature because of the influence
his rare athletic gifts and intelligence can have on the basketball court. But
his impact far exceeds his ability to attack the rim or set up his teammate with
a perfect pocket pass. Off the court, players take cues from him on how to
structure their contracts and build their individual brands, and companies look
to him to convince the public what to eat, drink and wear, which phone to buy
and which headphones they should use to listen to music.

James proved in the offseason he could alter the NBA like an agitated fault
line, shaking up the foundations for more than half of the league's teams.

You may have heard by now, but James decided to leave the fiesta in Miami to
have a homecoming dance in Cleveland. You might not realize how that move helped
Chris Bosh make an extra $30 million, directed Paul Pierce toward Washington and
allowed the Minnesota Timberwolves to rebuild after trading Kevin Love.

The lasting effect of James's latest move won't be known for some time, but the
tremors have been felt from Ohio to Florida to California to Massachusetts and
nearly all parts in between, with almost 50 players affected.

Before James left Cleveland for Miami in 2010, the only free agent move to
register as largely on the NBA Richter scale was Shaquille O'Neal's abandonment
of Orlando for the glam of the Los Angeles Lakers in 1996. O'Neal's relocation
shifted the balance of power heavily in favor of the Western Conference, which
continues to boast more talented teams two decades later.

The Eastern Conference has been top heavy for some time, and for the past six
seasons, a team led by James is usually near the top. A two-time champion with
four MVP trophies - two more than any other active player despite being two
months shy of his 30th birthday - James is the leader of a league full of alpha
males and egos and rules with an NBA-approved headband instead of a jeweled
crown.

After the Heat lost in five games to the San Antonio Spurs, Bosh assumed he
would chase a few more titles with James and Dwyane Wade - and anticipated
taking a pay cut to make it happen. But when James fled without much warning,
the Heat scrambled to keep its remaining talent, and that meant giving Bosh a
five-year, $118 million deal to make sure he didn't leave to form another
talented all-star trio in Houston with Dwight Howard and James Harden.

The Rockets created cap space for a third star by dealing Jeremy Lin and Omer
Asik but became slightly less ambitious after getting spurned by Bosh. They let
Chandler Parsons leave to sign with Dallas and made a more financially
conservative move by luring Trevor Ariza from Washington. The Wizards then
replaced Ariza with Pierce, a 10-time all-star.

On the night the Cavaliers took him No. 1 overall, Andrew Wiggins made a
recruiting pitch for James to return home. James made no mention of Wiggins in
his first-person essay with Sports Illustrated, and six weeks later, the
19-year-old became the first top pick since Chris Webber in 1993 to get traded
without ever suiting up for a regular season game with the team that drafted
him.

Love entered the summer thinking his desire to leave Minnesota would help the
three-time all-star land in a bigger market such as New York, Chicago, Boston or
Los Angeles. The Timberwolves were unsuccessful at convincing Golden State to
surrender Klay Thompson but knew Wiggins would be headed their way, with
Cleveland looking to appease James. Love eliminated the need for a big market
because teaming with James brought the potential of winning it all.

Big name stars weren't the only players whose summers were impacted by James.
Scotty Hopson and Alonzo Gee became trade pawns to help teams clear up cap room;
they were passed on to four and three teams, respectively, until both were
finally waived.

Gordon Hayward visited Cleveland as a restricted free agent with the hope he
would get an offer sheet. When the Cavaliers stalled to make a play for James,
the restricted free agent found a willing bidder in Charlotte. Utah matched
Charlotte's $63 million offer, and the Hornets instead signed Lance Stephenson
away from Indiana.

Stephenson is a longtime James instigator who became the subject of several
Internet memes when he tried to upset James by blowing in James's ear during the
Eastern Conference finals. James shook his head and flashed an annoyed smile but
was otherwise unmoved.

If it wasn't clear then, it certainly is known now. Only one man really gets
things set in motion around the NBA.

michael.lee@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a5

LENGTH: 531 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Tara L. Weigle, 42, of Aurora, Colo. for driving under the influence at 2:58
a.m. Saturday in the 2800 block of East Pershing Boulevard.

Zachary I. Crank, 20, of 9711 Kentucky St. for careless driving, driving under
the influence and being a minor consuming, purchasing or possessing alcohol at
2:44 a.m. Saturday at Eighth Avenue and Warren Avenue.

Martina R. Quijas, 22, of 940 W. College Drive #703 for driving under the
influence, speeding and open intoxicant at 1:48 a.m. Saturday in the 1800 block
of Capitol Avenue.

Jordan R. Pretty, 24, of 6858 Valley View Place for driving under the influence,
leaving the scene of a crash and speeding at 1:38 a.m. Saturday at Vandehei
Avenue and Valley View Place.

Charles C. Garey, 21, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for probation
violation at 1:34 a.m. Saturday at 317 W. 17th St.

Trista J. Mattern, 23, of 4109 E. Pershing Blvd. C212 for driving under the
influence at 1:22 a.m. Saturday at Dunn Avenue and East Lincolnway.

Lyle Miller, 18, of 4202 Cheyenne St. #2 on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to
appear in court at 11:40 a.m. Friday at his residence.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Jimmy R. Sexton, 46, of St. Louis, Mo. on a felony warrant for probation
violation at 10 a.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Kyle W. Lynn, 18, of 3306 Cribbon Ave., Apt. B on a misdemeanor warrant for
probation violation at 9 a.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail.

Kent Simmons, 21, of Golden, Colo. for driving under the influence and driving
on the sidewalk at 2:56 a.m. Friday at 17th Street and Warren Avenue.

Ryan S. Devarso, 20, of Evergreen, Colo. for being a minor in possession of
alcohol at 2:56 a.m. Friday at 17th Street and Warren Avenue.

Barton C. Hunnel, 48, of 3207 Whitney Road for driving under the influence and a
lane change violation at 11 p.m. Jan. 22 in the 200 block of South Greeley
Highway.

Anthony D. West, 24, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to pay at 9
p.m. Jan. 22 at 1321 E. 23rd St.

Chad R. Fitzgerald, 38, of 611 W. Fifth St. for larceny, felon in possession of
a weapon and impersonating a peace officer at 6:40 p.m. Jan. 22 on East 10th St.

Carl W. Powell, 46, of 1120 Sonata Lane for driving under the influence at 4:20
p.m. Jan. 22 at Walterscheid Boulevard and Serenade Road.

Tommy R. Montoya, 47, of Casper on an out-of-county misdemeanor warrant at 3:13
p.m. Jan. 22 in the 100 block of Julianna Road.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation were:

Britny N. Vanwey, 18, of 808 Baldwin Drive for felony drug conspiracy and felony
marijuana possession at 3:45 p.m. Friday in the 800 block of Baldwin Drive.

Abigail L. Olson, 21, of 506 S. Fork Road for misdemeanor marijuana possession
at 3:45 p.m. Friday in the 800 block of Baldwin Drive.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 26, 2008 Friday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a7

LENGTH: 433 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

David B. Vansciver, 21, of 820 Hillcrest Road for assault and battery and
interference with an emergency call at 3:30 p.m. Monday at his residence.

Sonia J. Sanchez, 42, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to appear
in court at 8:30 a.m. Monday at 13th Street and Carbon Avenue.

Abel W. Botello, 29, of 4405 E. Sixth St. for driving under the influence and
failure to maintain a traffic lane at 3:46 a.m. Sunday in the 2200 block of
Central Avenue.

Audrey L. Estes, 20, of 2725 E. 13th St. #10 for driving under the influence and
driving without registration at 3:35 a.m. Sunday at 20th Street and Rollins
Avenue.

Coleen E. Otholt, 42, of 5713 Sycamore Ave. for driving under the influence and
careless driving at 1:51 a.m. Sunday at 1900 Central Ave.

Colt A. Lemmons, 22, of 2314 Persons Road #126 for driving with a suspended
license at 1 a.m. Sunday at Carbon Avenue and East Lincolnway.

Daniel C. Hewitt, 23, of Laramie for driving under the influence at 12:57 a.m.
Sunday at 20th Street and Pioneer Avenue.

Robert Shirey, 42, of 2314 Persons Road #143 for aggravated assault threats with
a weapon at 12:36 a.m. Sunday at 115 N. Greeley Highway.

Victor Portillo, 49, of 4901 Ridge Road for driving under the influence and a
right turn position violation at 12:28 a.m. Sunday at Ridge Road and Dell Range
Boulevard.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Eric R. Maxfield, 28, of 1500 Avenue C #10 on a felony warrant for probation
violation at 11:10 a.m. Tuesday at his residence.

Christopher T. Lutonski, 28, transient, for assault and battery at 6:15 a.m.
Tuesday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Christian M. Vosler, 24, of 1116 E. 24th St. for assault and battery at 6:15
a.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Ramon L. Ellender, 39, of Deridder, La. on a misdemeanor warrant for assault and
battery at 10:58 p.m. Monday at 312 S. Greeley Highway.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Habrahan Sanchez-Cruz, 29, of Napa, Calif. on a felony federal hold at 1:20 p.m.
Monday at 5300 Bishop Blvd.

Michael A. Hernandez, 18, of 505 E. 25th St. for misdemeanor marijuana and
misdemeanor methamphetamine possession at 10:42 p.m. Sunday at Interstate 25
exit 12.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 26, 2008 Friday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a7

LENGTH: 433 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

David B. Vansciver, 21, of 820 Hillcrest Road for assault and battery and
interference with an emergency call at 3:30 p.m. Monday at his residence.

Sonia J. Sanchez, 42, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to appear
in court at 8:30 a.m. Monday at 13th Street and Carbon Avenue.

Abel W. Botello, 29, of 4405 E. Sixth St. for driving under the influence and
failure to maintain a traffic lane at 3:46 a.m. Sunday in the 2200 block of
Central Avenue.

Audrey L. Estes, 20, of 2725 E. 13th St. #10 for driving under the influence and
driving without registration at 3:35 a.m. Sunday at 20th Street and Rollins
Avenue.

Coleen E. Otholt, 42, of 5713 Sycamore Ave. for driving under the influence and
careless driving at 1:51 a.m. Sunday at 1900 Central Ave.

Colt A. Lemmons, 22, of 2314 Persons Road #126 for driving with a suspended
license at 1 a.m. Sunday at Carbon Avenue and East Lincolnway.

Daniel C. Hewitt, 23, of Laramie for driving under the influence at 12:57 a.m.
Sunday at 20th Street and Pioneer Avenue.

Robert Shirey, 42, of 2314 Persons Road #143 for aggravated assault threats with
a weapon at 12:36 a.m. Sunday at 115 N. Greeley Highway.

Victor Portillo, 49, of 4901 Ridge Road for driving under the influence and a
right turn position violation at 12:28 a.m. Sunday at Ridge Road and Dell Range
Boulevard.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Eric R. Maxfield, 28, of 1500 Avenue C #10 on a felony warrant for probation
violation at 11:10 a.m. Tuesday at his residence.

Christopher T. Lutonski, 28, transient, for assault and battery at 6:15 a.m.
Tuesday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Christian M. Vosler, 24, of 1116 E. 24th St. for assault and battery at 6:15
a.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Ramon L. Ellender, 39, of Deridder, La. on a misdemeanor warrant for assault and
battery at 10:58 p.m. Monday at 312 S. Greeley Highway.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Habrahan Sanchez-Cruz, 29, of Napa, Calif. on a felony federal hold at 1:20 p.m.
Monday at 5300 Bishop Blvd.

Michael A. Hernandez, 18, of 505 E. 25th St. for misdemeanor marijuana and
misdemeanor methamphetamine possession at 10:42 p.m. Sunday at Interstate 25
exit 12.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 14, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 425 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Shelly R. Adair - 22, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Norma J. Ells - 49, Priest River, Idaho, failure to appear/check fraud - issuing
checks on closed account, $5,000 bond.

Clarence B. Hauser - 77, Sandpoint, failure to appear/insufficient-funds check
fraud, $1,000 bond.

Rodney P. Kamp - 54, Ponderay, Idaho, failure to appear/insufficient-funds check
fraud, $500 bond.

Brian C. Neitzke - 27, Hauser Lake, Idaho, failure to appear/check fraud -
issuing checks on closed account, $1,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Edward L. Allen - 64, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$2,500 bond.

Annjila  M. Boggs - 27, Priest River, Idaho, failure to appear/construction code
violation, $1,000 bond.

Debra A. Carver - 49, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Jeremy J. Comeau - 26, Calgary, Alberta, failure to obtain an overweight permit,
$500 bond.

Ralph T. Fox - 42, Boise, failure to appear/driving under the influence, $5,000
bond.

Stephen S. Hopkins - 38, Ponderay, Idaho, failure to comply/petty theft, $5,000
bond.

Dustin M. Jolly - 22, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $500 bond.

Andrew S. Kuhfuss  -  44, Ponderay, Idaho, failure to comply/failure to purchase
a driver's license, two days in jail.

Lyle W. Leen - 45, Laclede, Idaho, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, $2,000 bond.

Morris M. Matt - 38, Worley, Idaho, parole violation/driving under the influence
, $5,000 bond.

Whitney S. Moreno - 38, Sandpoint, failure to appear/reckless driving, injury to
child, $10,000 bond.

Richard T. Reimann - 41, Sandpoint, parole violation/open container of alcohol,
$5,000 bond.

Ryan D. Span - 24, Lethbridge, Alberta, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, motor carrier violation, $10,000 bond.

Lonnie R. Timmerman - 30, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $388 bond.

Robert A. Velasquez - 27, Usk, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence (two counts), $800 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday

Crime watch for 10/31/06

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


District Judge Douglas F. Meisenhelter's office covers Lower Windsor and Windsor
townships, East Prospect, Red Lion, Windsor and Yorkana.
DISPOSITIONS
Justin C. Taylor, 128 N. Pleasant Ave., Dallastown; furnishing alcohol to
minors, corruption of minors, possession of marijuana, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Rafael A. Molina Jr., 5 Mill St.; involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, sexual
assault, indecent assault, aggravated indecent assault, indecent exposure,
corruption of minors; held for court.

Karen R. Sopchak, 106 Lyn Circle; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Cortney J. Buchanan, 401 W. Broadway, Red Lion; driving under the influence.

Timothy D. Baker, 7 Mill St.; possession with intent to deliver a controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Lynette F. Rohrbaugh, 3800 E. Prospect Road; hindering apprehension; waived to
court.

Tommy E. Crumling, 4697 E. Prospect Road; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Adam C. Hoke, 33 Shenks Lane, Millersville; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Samuel J. Arnold Jr., 72 First Ave., Red Lion; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Joshua A. Wagaman, 34 W. Broadway, Red Lion; possession of a controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Mariusz Heba, 416 Pauline Drive, Red Lion; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

William O. Snyder Jr., 1470 Bahns Mill Road, Red Lion; retail theft; waived to
court.

Christopher B. Gibson II, 805 Hellam St., Wrightsville; burglary, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property, criminal conspiracy; waived to
court.

Kenneth M. Steeley III, 166 Gilbert St., Wrightsville; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

John L. Keller, 1588 Main St., Cardiff, Md.; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Edward M. Murray, 1108 W. King St.; recklessly endangering another person,
fleeing police, flight to avoid apprehension; held for court.

Andrea K. Bathony, 122 W. High St., Red Lion; hindering apprehension; waived to
court.

Polly M. Dennis, 293 Winterstown Road, Red Lion; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Scott A. Altland, 42 N. Oxford St.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Cecilia A. Myers, P.O. Box 336, York New Salem; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Bethany L. O'Malley, 616 Atlantic Ave., Red Lion; disorderly conduct; held for
court.

Luis D. Jimenez, 210 W. Hope Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property, criminal conspiracy; waived to court.

Enika J. Fitzkee, 297 Main St., Felton; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Shawn L. Lauer, 278 Cherry St.; forgery, theft by deception, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Scott A. Smith, 76 W. Main St., Windsor; statutory sexual assault, aggravated
indecent assault, corruption of minors; waived to court.

Randy L. Gebhard Jr., 2877 Fleetwood Drive, Lancaster; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Timothy L. Keener Jr., 137 W. Gay St., Red Lion; possession of a controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jeremy M. Kohler, 453 N. 4th St., Wrightsville; false reports to law
enforcement; waived to court.

James T. Trice, 4615 Greencove Circle, Baltimore; retail theft; waived to court.

Jesse L. Wagoner, York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; burglary, criminal
trespass, theft by unlawful taking, criminal mischief, criminal conspiracy;
waived to court.

Scott A. Myers, 1235 Delta Road, Red Lion; arson, criminal mischief, causing or
risking a catastrophe, recklessly endangering another person; waived to court.

Jay D. Richards, 58 N. Lynbrook Drive; receiving stolen property, criminal
conspiracy; waived to court.

Gavin E. Weaver, 26 E. Maple St., East Prospect; receiving stolen property,
theft by deception, bad checks; waived to court.

Edward M. Fooks III, 737 Taylor Road, Windsor; burglary, theft, receiving stolen
property, criminal conspiracy; waived to court.

Robert E. Bowman Jr., 704 Taylor Road, Windsor; theft, receiving stolen
property, false reports, criminal conspiracy; waived to court.

Elizabeth J. Williams, 328 N. Main St., Red Lion; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Marlin A. Shenk, 15 Massa Drive, Windsor; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 25, 2006 Wednesday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 341 words


Ellsworth District Court

Cases May 16-Sept. 18, 2006

Joshua Lowell, 20, Hancock, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days; operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $250.

Kenneth I. Lyons, 25, Deer Isle, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $900, jail 12 days, license suspended 18 months; violating
condition of release, jail four days; criminal trespass, jail three days;
violating condition of release, jail three days.

Ian U. MacDonnell, 25, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500.

Ronald Ted MacGregor, 45, Gouldsboro, claiming a location to set net or trap,
$150.

Lawrence J. Marriner, 49, Brooklin, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; failing to register vehicle, $100.

James I. Marsh, 45, Blue Hill, scallop-diving tender license, $228.

Charles H. Marshall, 71, Sedgwick, attaching false plates, $100.

Brad Marston, 31, Harrington, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Ernest E. Marston, 23, Harrington, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Edward Martin, 38, Searsport, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Ellis T. Martin Jr., 21, Sullivan, disorderly conduct, $100.

Fredrick W. Martin, 44, Bangor, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Paul Martin, 68, Gouldsboro, burning without permit, $50.

Chaz C. Martinez, 53, Manchester, N.H., idling more than five minutes, $50.

Claudio M. Martinez, 43, Los Altos, Calif., criminal trespass, jail 24 hours;
criminal trespass, jail three days.

Thomas L. Mason, 66, Leverett, Mass., operating-permitting operation of vehicle,
identification-validation displayed, $100.

John R. Matteson, 25, Ellsworth, failing to comply sex offender regulation act,
jail 30 days; criminal trespass jail 48 hours; violating condition of release,
jail 48 hours.

Jon R. Matteson, 25, Ellsworth, criminal trespass, $400.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 12, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 436 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for any information about the following people, who are identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's department at (208)
263-8417, or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

David C. Churchill - 31, Sagle, failure to appear/forgery, $20,000 bond.

Nicholas J. Douglas - 24, Coeur d'Alene, parole violation/attempted burglary,
$40,000 bond.

Kevin J. Hughes - 38, Sandpoint, delivery of a controlled substance-methadone,
$15,000 bond.

Jaeon T. Rogers - 23, Sandpoint, delivery of a controlled
substance-methamphetamine (two counts), $25,000 bond.

River H. Roskowyk  - 33, Sandpoint, issuing an insufficient funds check, $2,000
bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Emily A. Baum - 21, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, willful concealment, $5,500 bond.

Adam P. Canterbury - 27, Sandpoint, battery, $2,000 bond.

William C. Casteel - 36, Careywood, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, failure to comply/driving under the influence, $5,500 bond.

Julia R. Douvia  - 40, Chattaroy, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,500 bond.

Nickolas P. Fritz - 23, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
operating a motor vehicle without liability insurance, $8,000 bond.

Pedro J. Garcia - 30, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
six days in jail.

Jeremy W. Jensen  - 18, Kellogg, failure to appear/misdemeanor citation, $500
bond.

Cory A. Kreager  - 21, Priest River, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Cody J. Likkel  - 32, Sandpoint, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $500 bond.

Ryan M. Low - 27, Spokane, failure to appear/unlawful entry,
resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Carla J. McKinzie - 37, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, failure to comply/driving under the influence, $5,388 bond.

Michael A. Narkiewicz - 33, Olalla, Wash., parole violation/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

Leif E. Ove Jr. - 33, Sagle, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Wallace G. Tomason Jr. - 31, Ponderay, failure to appear/petty theft, $2,000
bond.

Kara M. Walters - 20, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of  by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse  and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 7, 1998, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

INFLUENCE INC. LANDS TWO BIG ACCOUNTS WITH A NET CAMPAIGN

BYLINE: Oscar Waters; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 834 words


St. Louis-based Edward Jones and WorkNet Communications have appointed Influence
Inc. as their interactive agency and public relations counsel, respectively.

Influence will spearhead several key initiatives for the financial services
firm, including: a collaborative effort with IBM to provide online customer
account access via the Internet, the development of recruitment Web sites for
affilated offices in Canada and the United Kingdom, and marketing Edward Jones'
recently launched U.S. recruitment Website.

WorkNet Communications is a high-tech communications company pioneering changes
in the way businesses are connected to the Internet. Influence will handle
public relations for a new wireless service called BitBeam, which will provide
businesses with high-speed Internet access for a fraction of the cost of
equivalent ISDN or T1 connections. WorkNet will be launched in St. Louis this
month and be available in 20 markets by the end of 2000.

DOTTED LINE: Drone & Mueller and Associates has signed several new clients in
the last few weeks. Companies joining the Drone & Mueller client list for
full-service marketing communications support are Fast Software and Radiac
Abrasives of Salem, Ill.

Thomas Bus of High Point, N.C., one of the world's largest school bus
manufacturers, is using Drone & Mueller's electronic communications department
to produce a CD highlighting its products.

Drone & Mueller's new Internet clients include:

* AmerenEnergy, a national, independent trading-marketing arm of Ameren Corp.;

* Belleville Area College, a junior college based in Belleville;

* JJI Lighting of Greeneville, Conn., a conglomerate of 13 independent lighting
companies;

* Thermadyne, a welding products manufacturer with 16 divisions.

* Xtra Lease, a nationwide truck trailer leasing company. . . .

Wehrman & Co., a St. Louis-based marketing communications and design firm,
recently completed development of a new advertising campaign for Steris
Scientific's freeze-dried products. Advertisements for Steris' line of "Lyovac
Freeze Drying Systems" will be appearing in national and international
pharmaceutical journals in the next few months.

Wehrman has also completed development of a new advertising campaign for Steris
Scientific's "Isomedix" line of sterilization technologies.

In addition, Wehrman & Co. has completed design work on the Repertory Theatre of
St. Louis's 32nd season of professional theater. Wehrman developed the graphic
design for the Rep's upcoming stage productions and its direct mail,
advertising, individual show programs and informational literature for show
schedules, ticket prices and seating selections. Wehrman has been developing the
Rep's seasonal campaigns since 1985-86. . . .

Electro Freeze, an East Moline, Ill.-based manufacturer of freezers used to
prepare soft-serve ice cream, yogurt, shakes and frozen drinks, has appointed
Stobie Brace Marketing Communications as its advertising agency.

CHRISTMAS COMES EARLY: For the second consecutive year, Ameren Corp. will
sponsor the annual "Christmas In St. Louis Mid-America Holiday Parade," the
second-largest televised holiday parade in the U.S. The parade will begin
downtown at 8:30 a.m. on Nov. 26, Thanksgiving Day. It will feature more than
100 colorful units, including the Budweiser Clydesdales, a live nativity scene,
Santa Claus and additional attractions.

Ameren is also sponsoring the parade's marching band contest, a competition
involving 15 high school marching bands from across the Midwest.

Christmas in St. Louis is a not-for-profit umbrella group that organizes holiday
activities to generate visibility for greater St. Louis and to help raise money
for local charities. For information, call Jim O'Donnell at 530-0659 or Jeff
Dunlap at 721-5505.

PEOPLE: Shandwick's Consumer & Lifestages Industry Practice Group has hired Marc
Abel as an account group manager. Before joining Shandwick, Abel was sports
marketing project manager for Anhesuer-Busch Inc.

Donna Schwartze has joined Shandwick as an account supervisor on the corporate
team. Schwartze formerly worked for Fleishman-Hilliard Inc. on the
Anheuser-Busch and Ralston Purina accounts. . . .

Direct Data Inc., a software-services firm, has named Kim Gordon as
director-sales and marketing in digital asset management. . . .

Dominic Pileggi has joined Viassystems Group Inc. in the newly created position
of executive vice president-sales and marketing. . . .

Jennifer Schaefer has joined Brado Cuneo as an account executive for the
advertising and marketing agency. . . .

Adamson has appointed Scott Pfau as a graphic designer-production artist and
David Ressner as an editor-writer. . . .

AmerenEnergy has added Scott Ockerhausen, Sharon Dunn and Brandt Tichacek as key
account managers, David Bonnett as product development manager and Anji Echele
as market manager. . . .

Marketing Direct Inc. has promoted Mary Keys to associate account executive.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo headshots - (Marc) Abel, (Donna) Schwartze, (Kim) Gordon,
(Dominic) Pileggi

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           November 2, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BROWN'S MENTAL STATE DEBATED;
'UNDUE INFLUENCE' OF TRUSTEES ALLEGED IN CASE BEFORE HIGH COURT

BYLINE: Sarita Chourey Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA


James Brown's mental competence at the time he signed his will and created a
trust 10 years ago is being debated in the fight over a settlement of the soul
singer's estate.

During arguments Tuesday at the South Carolina Supreme Court, Chief Justice Jean
Toal probed the state attorney general's office, which was given control of the
2000 trust and negotiated the settlement, for proof that Brown had indeed been
manipulated.

Brown's widow, Tomi Rae Hynie Brown, and some of the entertainer's children
challenged his will and the trust a year after his death in 2006, saying that he
was under "undue influence" of his trustees David Cannon, Buddy Dallas and
Alfred Bradley.

Toal and Justice John Kittredge repeatedly tried to determine why the attorney
general's office did not ask two witnesses to Brown's trust whether Brown was
signing it under the influence of his trustees.

"It appears to me that when your side is asked what is the evidence of 'undue
influence,' you point to the post-death badness of Cannon, Bradley and Dallas
(which) retroactively overlays the execution and circumstances surrounding the
will and trust to constitute undue influence," Kittredge said.

William Wilkins, an attorney defending the settlement, which is being challenged
by Brown's former estate representatives Robert Buchanan Jr. and Adele Pope,
said the trust itself provided proof. He said the trustees were given an
"unprecedented" management fee and that Cannon had boasted that he could have
taken more of the estate.

But Jim Richardson, representing the former trustees in seeking a reversal of
the settlement that Judge Jack Early of the 2nd Judicial Circuit Court approved
in 2009, said James Brown had been in complete control.

"All that Cannon, Dallas and Bradley ever did was to breach trust behind his
back," said Richardson. "Everybody in this courtroom knows that you could not
have misled this man in front of his eyes. He would have fired them in a minute
if he had known what they were doing."

Richardson pointed to an affidavit that says Brown, in 2000, the year he signed
his will and trust, was "managing multimillion-dollar transactions all over the
place ... (he) was in total command of his own situation, but he trusted these
people, Dallas, Bradley and Cannon, and they did him wrong, wrong, wrong."

Brown lived in Beech Island and died at age 73 on Christmas Day 2006. He left
his personal and household effects to named adult children, up to $2 million for
a family educational fund, and the James Brown I Feel Good Trust to help needy
students in Georgia and South Carolina schools, according to the appellants.

The settlement negotiated by the attorney general's office shifted considerable
assets to his family members. It gave half to a James Brown Scholarship Fund, a
quarter to spouse Tomi Rae, and a quarter to the six adult children named in
Brown's will.

In 2008, Brown's assets were estimated to be $100 million, with $40 million to
$50 million assigned to publicity rights for his image and likeness, and $36
million to $45 million to royalties for his more than 800 published and
unpublished songs.

Toal also repeatedly questioned whether family members should receive more of
Brown's money than the entertainer had intended in his original will.

"I see a bunch of people who could all be found to have absolutely no valid
claim, making an agreement among themselves to divide up what might turn out to
be $100 million," the chief justice said.

Both Toal and Kittredge suggested Brown's widow might have only a tenuous claim
on his assets. The chief justice listed a host of instances and circumstances,
such as Tomi Rae's Hynie Brown waiving of spousal rights, a prenuptial
agreement, and controversial past marriage status.

"If it's decided and she loses ... then you could still reach a settlement with
all these other people, children and whoever else is involved, and you'd at
least knock out someone who now is entitled to 25 percent of everything and has
maybe no claim at all," Toal said.

Reach Sarita Chourey at (803) 727-4257 or sarita.chourey@morris.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            April 7, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 04/07/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 402 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Benjamin M. Rouco, 1182 Wyndham Drive; criminal attempt-burglary, criminal
mischief-damage property; waived to court.

Benjamin M. Rouco, 1182 Wyndham Drive; burglary, criminal trespass-enter
structure, theft from a motor vehicle, receiving stolen property, criminal
mischief-damage property; waived to court.

Larry E. Poe, 183 Lincoln St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Wilton J. Shumaker, 253 Roosevelt Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Tina L. Reidlin, 619 Ridge Ave.; habitual offenders, driving under
suspension-driving under the influence related; waived to court.

Joseph L. Desenberg III, 1344 W. Market St.; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance;
waived to court.

Matthew M. Drzewiecki, 454 W. Main St., Mount Joy; forgery-unauthorized act in
writing, receiving stolen property, theft by deception-false impression, driving
under suspension; waived to court.

Richard D. Rabuck Jr., 1775 Deamerlyn Drive; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Jordan S. Hoffnagle, 1098 Bair Road, Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
minors; waived to court.

Patricia A. Fritz, 1273 W. Poplar St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Mason H. Millen, 46 N. Hartman St.; theft by unlawful taking, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia, driving under the influence: controlled substance, alcohol
by minor, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Joanne M. Watson, 5300 Green Park Drive, Irving, Texas; theft by deception-false
impression; waived to court.

Justin A. Bucalo, 11011 Gipe Road, Felton; burglary, theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Benjamin M. Rouco, 1182 Wyndham Drive; burglary, theft by unlawful taking,
criminal mischief-damage property; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 16, 2009 Saturday

Opinion: Fair Elections Now Act would help take influence of money out of
politics

BYLINE: By Tom Ammiano Special to the Mercury News

SECTION: POLITICS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 582 words


A decade ago, the deregulation frenzy in the financial sector helped sow the
seeds of the current financial crisis. While Wall Street contributions flowed in
record numbers to elected officials, those same officials were voting on
legislation affecting the financial interests of their contributors.

Whether political contributions influence the votes of elected officials, or
simply ensure that candidates who support the agenda of well-funded special
interests have an electoral advantage, the outcome is the same: The interests of
average Americans are overlooked. In addition, the business climate as a whole
is damaged by decisions made in the short-term interests of specific industries.

Money in politics has tremendous influence across most of the important issues
of our society, including education, the environment, health care and more. It
is the central political problem of our time. But now we have a real chance for
meaningful and dramatic reform.

The Fair Elections Now Act, introduced in Congress on March 31, would go a long
way toward eliminating the influence of special-interest money on elected
officials. It would accomplish this by offering candidates the option of
participating in a program in which they could receive the lion's share of their
campaign funds from the public, rather than private interests, ensuring they
would be accountable to the public only.

Candidates who chose to participate in this program would have to receive a
large number of small contributions from residents of their state to prove broad
public support. At that point, the candidate would receive a grant that would
provide adequate funds to run a competitive campaign. Participating candidates
could continue to raise money from people in their state, but only in amounts of
$100 or less, to ensure that there was no pressure to give inappropriate favors
to large contributors.

This is not a pie-in-the-sky idea. As the cost of campaigns has skyrocketed,
many states and cities in the United States have been adopting public
campaign-financing programs throughout the last decade. Arizona, Maine,
Connecticut, Los Angeles, New York City and San Francisco all have some form of
public campaign-financing program. In 2004, I was able to take advantage of
public financing in my run for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.

In addition, there are important reforms happening at the state level. I was a
supporter of the California Fair Elections Act, a measure that will appear on
the June 2010 ballot, which would create a pilot project to provide voluntary
public financing for candidates running for secretary of state.

In this time of financial crisis, public financing also ensures that tax dollars
are spent wisely rather than handed out for "Bridge to Nowhere"-type projects
and other unnecessary and overpriced contracts. Public campaign financing
programs do have a small upfront cost, but they save far more in the long run,
both financially and in restoring public trust.

The Fair Elections Now Act is a bipartisan bill with support in the House and
the Senate. President Barack Obama was a co-sponsor of a similar bill when he
was in the Senate and is likely to sign this bill if it comes to his desk.

Join me in asking our representatives to support this reform, so that we finally
have a government that acts in the public interest rather than for the special
interests.

Tom Ammiano, D-San Francisco, represents the 13th Assembly District. He wrote
this article for the Mercury News.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             March 30, 2008 Sunday

Redefining the Mormon Empire

BYLINE: By Peggy Fletcher Stack and Jessica Ravitz The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL; LDS

LENGTH: 1720 words


Brigham Young called it "Deseret."

To writer Wallace Stegner it was "the Mormon Empire," a vast swath of Great
Basin territory from Mesa, Ariz., in the south to Boise in the north, and from
Reno, Nev., in the west to Grand Junction, Colo. in the east whose residents
looked to Salt Lake City for religious and political guidance.

The profile of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in America is
still centered in the Mountain West, where more than three-quarters of U.S.
Mormons live. Mitt Romney's bid for the Republican presidential nomination
demonstrated their influence in the region as Latter-day Saints boosted him to
easy primary victories in Utah, Nevada, Colorado and Wyoming.

But today, more Mormons are moving east and west, setting up enclaves on both
coasts. Pockets of LDS strength have sprung up in places such as Alpine County,
Calif.; Blaine County, Neb.; Conejos County, Colo.; and Liberty County, Fla.

Meanwhile, new studies of American religious demography show Utah and
surrounding states are no longer the cohesive religious paradise Stegner
described in his 1942 book, Mormon Country, with their cooperative economics and
small-town feel.

The Intermountain West has become "the most urban area of the country," says
University of Utah historian Paul Reeve. The region's 19th century
agriculture-based economy has been replaced by a service economy that
increasingly attracts job-seeking outsiders.

Outside influences have diluted Salt Lake City's dominance of the region. While
southeastern Idaho's population continues to mirror Utah's, Mormons in Arizona,
Nevada and Southern California have developed their own political and social
patterns.

Diversity and change within U.S. Mormon populations make it increasingly
difficult to define the church, says Kathleen Flake, who teaches American
religious history at Vanderbilt University in Nashville. "The Intermountain
corridor no longer gives a full view of the church's contours."

Next week, Mormons worldwide will raise their hands at the church's 178th
General Conference to signal support for Thomas S. Monson as their 16th prophet.
The U.S. church he inherits is distinct from that led by former presidents.
Here's how it looks.

Mini-Utah: Southeastern Idaho is Mormon country, to be sure. Franklin County has
the largest percentage of Mormons in the country, 91.5 percent, outpacing even
Utah County's 88.1 percent. And influence from Salt Lake City is huge. The
church's twice yearly General Conferences are broadcast on commercial TV.

Pocatello was once a railroad center, hugely diverse - ethnically and
religiously - and a Democratic hub with big union influence, says Jim Aho, 65,
an Idaho State University sociology professor who has lived in Pocatello since
1970. But its complexion changed in 1980 with the "Reagan recession" and loss of
industry, which forced many to leave. In the vacuum, the LDS Church and
Republican Party made inroads, gaining influence, changing the city's tone, and
introducing tensions and suspicions that weren't there before, Aho adds.

This plays out, for example, in occasional letters to the editor, such as "I
can't watch my NASCAR because of conference," Aho explains. "It's the kind of
thing that goes on in any community. People are scared of anyone who's different
from themselves."

George W. Katsilometes, 65, of Pocatello runs Lava Hot Springs Inn. His
grandparents came from Greece in 1903 to work for Union Pacific Railroad.

"My take on the LDS Church is that they are very communal," he says. "They tend
to be together in their group and help each other a lot. . .They want others to
mingle with them; they want their church to grow. But they don't necessarily go
out of their way to learn about others."

With each generation, his family has seen the diversity decline.

"It's not impossible to get elected or make the team [if you're not Mormon,],"
he says, "but you have to be pretty outstanding."

The Arizona experience: Jacob Hamblin began leading Mormon missionary settlers
into Hopi country as early as 1858, and they continued to work their way south.
Eventually, Mormon outposts sprung up along the Little Colorado, Salt and Gila
rivers.

Mormons learned to get along with their neighbors, says LDS historian Charles
Peterson. "Never did they get into quite as much difficulty and bitterness over
polygamy as they did in Idaho. Other groups were very grateful for the know-how
and tradition of Mormon irrigation. That made for some better feeling." Some
towns today, such as Snowflake, Gilbert and Thatcher, are still overwhelmingly
Mormon, while others have lost their LDS hegemony. In the past three decades,
the LDS population in Mesa has declined from nearly 50 percent to less than 8
percent, says Eric Paul, a Mormon architect. Mormons still play a significant
role in state and local politics, with more than a dozen members in the
Legislature and one - Republican Jeff Flake - in Congress. One of the two
candidates for Mesa mayor is LDS.

Arizona Mormons feel no need to attend BYU to be among their own people. The
state schools have strong LDS Institutes of Religion adjacent to their campuses,
providing social ties and church education.

"Most of the kids here go to local schools like Mesa Community College," Paul
says. "They are all staying home."

Mellow Mormonism: A year before Brigham Young uttered "This is the place" on a
hill above modern-day Salt Lake City, some Saints sailed into the San Francisco
Bay. Many of today's California Mormons point with pride to that parallel
history.

Though the state boasts many homegrown Mormons and recent converts, most LDS
leaders still are first or second generation Utah transplants, says Russell
Frandsen, an LDS attorney who lives in La Canada.

California is home to more Mormons than any state other than Utah - more than
750,000 - and it proved to have the deepest pockets during Romney's campaign,
doling out nearly $8.2 million through Feb. 29 (vs. the $5.5 million raised in
Utah), according to the Federal Election Commission.

But Democrats have become more common in LDS congregations, which are
increasingly diverse. The area boasts Spanish, Korean, Chinese and Armenian
wards; the downtown Los Angeles ward is like a "mini-United Nations," Frandsen
says. "We are all entirely comfortable with Latino culture here. Immigration
issues are not a big deal with us."

Latter-day Saints are steadily climbing the state's corporate ladders and many
are reaching the pinnacle of success in, for example, the computer game
industry, the L.A. philharmonic, Disney, Univision and the Dodgers. Though few
Mormons are among the state's power brokers, church members in 2000 helped push
Proposition 22, which defined marriage as between only a man and a woman. But
they haven't yet gotten involved in making it a constitutional amendment.

"The church has actually been fairly progressive in terms of calling for polite
and respectful treatment of gays and lesbians. We don't hear too much gay
bashing around here," Frandsen says. "We are probably much more tolerant of
other views and faith than I remember growing up in Utah."

From West to East: Joseph Smith once spent a month in Salem, Mass., where a
recent convert claimed there was buried treasure. After failing to find
anything, Smith saw the real treasure in potential converts. Until Young called
the faithful to join the westward migration in the 1840s, Boston had between 300
and 400 members, more than any other Eastern city.

At the end of the 19th century, second-generation Mormons began returning to the
East to study at prestigious universities. Within decades, dozens of young
people had left the "corridor," seeking education or jobs in Washington, D.C.,
New York, Chicago, San Francisco or Los Angeles, wrote G. Wesley Johnson in a
Meridian Magazine essay on LDS "urban pioneers."

"These early outmigrants not only achieved secular success in business, the
professions, or education," wrote Johnson, a retired BYU professor who is
studying this group, "but they became the pillars on which the development of
the church rested in these new areas."

Between 1950 and 2000, for example, LDS stakes in these metropolitan areas
multiplied. Washington, D.C., went from one stake to 15. Half of the current LDS
apostles have spent time in Boston - Henry B. Eyring, Russell M. Nelson and
Robert Hales have degrees from Harvard; L. Tom Perry was a stake president
there; and Boyd K. Packer was a mission president.

"This movement . . . became one of the driving forces to change the church
during the course of the new century," Johnson concluded.

Polynesian culture: Mormonism in Hawaii is more homegrown.

Missionaries arrived on the islands as early as 1850 and the church boomed.
Fifteen years later, the LDS Church bought 6,000 acres of ranch land on the
north shore of Oahu, which became a gathering place for early Hawaiian LDS
converts. The Hawaiian temple in Laie, dedicated in 1919, was the first temple
built outside the continental U.S.

Today, Hawaii's Mormon population is more diverse than in the Intermountain
West. BYU-Hawaii, for example, draws about 2,300 students from 70 countries.

"Hawaii is kind of a beef stew - such a mixture of things," says Jack Hoag, 75,
the LDS spokesman for Hawaii who joined the church 41 years ago. "We have more
interracial marriages than anywhere else in the country. More blending of
religions than anywhere."

Hoag says he's never seen "any particular tension" between Latter-day Saints and
others on the islands, which he attributes to the blending. "There's hardly a
family here that doesn't have a friend or a cousin who's on a mission. There's
always an interconnection."

In the mid-1990s, Hawaii was the first state to grapple with same-sex marriage.
The LDS Church joined Catholics, many other Christian churches and business
groups to oppose it. The four-year battle, and resulting vote that overwhelming
came out against same-sex marriage (70-to-30), Hoag says, was "a turning point
in our coalescing with Christian and non-Christian communities."

Such alliances may have helped Honolulu's mayor, 53-year-old Mufi Hannemann, who
is an active Mormon.

Hannemann's religion was never an issue during the election, says Bill Brennan,
the mayor's spokesman. "It didn't really come up as it did with Mitt Romney."

pstack@sltrib.com

jravitz@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             March 28, 2008 Friday

Redefining the Mormon Empire

BYLINE: By Peggy Fletcher Stack and Jessica Ravitz The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; LDS; Local

LENGTH: 1833 words


Brigham Young called it "Deseret."

To writer Wallace Stegner it was "the Mormon Empire," a vast swath of Great
Basin territory from Mesa, Ariz., in the south to Boise in the north, and from
Reno, Nev., in the west to Grand Junction, Colo. in the east whose residents
looked to Salt Lake City for religious and political guidance.

The profile of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in America is
still centered in the Mountain West, where more than three-quarters of U.S.
Mormons live. Mitt Romney's bid for the Republican presidential nomination
demonstrated their influence in the region as Latter-day Saints boosted him to
easy primary victories in Utah, Nevada, Colorado and Wyoming.

But today, more Mormons are moving east and west, setting up enclaves on both
coasts. Pockets of LDS strength have sprung up in places such as Alpine County,
Calif.; Blaine County, Neb.; Conejos County, Colo.; and Liberty County, Fla.

Meanwhile, new studies of American religious demography show Utah and
surrounding states are no longer the cohesive religious paradise Stegner
described in his 1942 book, Mormon Country, with their cooperative economics and
small-town feel.

The Intermountain West has become "the most urban area of the country," says
University of Utah historian Paul Reeve. The region's 19th century
agriculture-based economy has been replaced by a service economy that
increasingly attracts job-seeking outsiders.

Outside influences have diluted Salt Lake City's dominance of the region. While
southeastern Idaho's population continues to mirror Utah's, Mormons in Arizona,
Nevada and Southern California have developed their own political and social
patterns.

Diversity and change within U.S. Mormon populations make it increasingly
difficult to define the church, says Kathleen Flake, who teaches American
religious history at Vanderbilt University in Nashville. "The Intermountain
corridor no longer gives a full view of the church's contours."

Next week, Mormons worldwide will raise their hands at the church's 178th
General Conference to signal support for Thomas S. Monson as their 16th prophet.
The U.S. church he inherits is distinct from that led by former presidents.
Here's how it looks.

Mini-Utah: Southeastern Idaho is Mormon country, to be sure. Franklin County has
the largest percentage of Mormons in the country, 91.5 percent, outpacing even
Utah County's 88.1 percent. And influence from Salt Lake City is huge. The
church's twice yearly General Conferences are broadcast on commercial TV.

Pocatello was once a railroad center, hugely diverse - ethnically and
religiously - and a Democratic hub with big union influence, says Jim Aho, 65,
an Idaho State University sociology professor who has lived in Pocatello since
1970. But its complexion changed in 1980 with the "Reagan recession" and loss of
industry, which forced many to leave. In the vacuum, the LDS Church and
Republican Party made inroads, gaining influence, changing the city's tone, and
introducing tensions and suspicions that weren't there before, Aho adds.

This plays out, for example, in occasional letters to the editor, such as "I
can't watch my NASCAR because of conference," Aho explains. "It's the kind of
thing that goes on in any community. People are scared of anyone who's different
from themselves."

George W. Katsilometes, 65, of Pocatello runs Lava Hot Springs Inn. His
grandparents came from Greece in 1903 to work for Union Pacific Railroad.

"My take on the LDS Church is that they are very communal," he says. "They tend
to be together in their group and help each other a lot. . .They want others to
mingle with them; they want their church to grow. But they don't necessarily go
out of their way to learn about others."

With each generation, his family has seen the diversity decline.

"It's not impossible to get elected or make the team [if you're not Mormon,],"
he says, "but you have to be pretty outstanding."

The Arizona experience: Jacob Hamblin began leading Mormon missionary settlers
into Hopi country as early as 1858, and they continued to work their way south.
Eventually, Mormon outposts sprung up along the Little Colorado, Salt and Gila
rivers.

Mormons learned to get along with their neighbors, says LDS historian Charles
Peterson. "Never did they get into quite as much difficulty and bitterness over
polygamy as they did in Idaho. Other groups were very grateful for the know-how
and tradition of Mormon irrigation. That made for some better feeling." Some
towns today, such as Snowflake, Gilbert and Thatcher, are still overwhelmingly
Mormon, while others have lost their LDS hegemony. In the past three decades,
the LDS population in Mesa has declined from nearly 50 percent to less than 8
percent, says Eric Paul, a Mormon architect. Mormons still play a significant
role in state and local politics, with more than a dozen members in the
Legislature and one - Republican Jeff Flake - in Congress. One of the two
candidates for Mesa mayor is LDS.

Arizona Mormons feel no need to attend BYU to be among their own people. The
state schools have strong LDS Institutes of Religion adjacent to their campuses,
providing social ties and church education.

"Most of the kids here go to local schools like Mesa Community College," Paul
says. "They are all staying home."

Mellow Mormonism: A year before Brigham Young uttered "This is the place" on a
hill above modern-day Salt Lake City, some Saints sailed into the San Francisco
Bay. Many of today's California Mormons point with pride to that parallel
history.

Though the state boasts many homegrown Mormons and recent converts, most LDS
leaders still are first or second generation Utah transplants, says Russell
Frandsen, an LDS attorney who lives in La Canada.

California is home to more Mormons than any state other than Utah - more than
750,000 - and it proved to have the deepest pockets during Romney's campaign,
doling out nearly $8.2 million through Feb. 29 (vs. the $5.5 million raised in
Utah), according to the Federal Election Commission.

But Democrats have become more common in LDS congregations, which are
increasingly diverse. The area boasts Spanish, Korean, Chinese and Armenian
wards; the downtown Los Angeles ward is like a "mini-United Nations," Frandsen
says. "We are all entirely comfortable with Latino culture here. Immigration
issues are not a big deal with us."

Latter-day Saints are steadily climbing the state's corporate ladders and many
are reaching the pinnacle of success in, for example, the computer game
industry, the L.A. philharmonic, Disney, Univision and the Dodgers. Though few
Mormons are among the state's power brokers, church members in 2000 helped push
Proposition 22, which defined marriage as between only a man and a woman. But
they haven't yet gotten involved in making it a constitutional amendment.

"The church has actually been fairly progressive in terms of calling for polite
and respectful treatment of gays and lesbians. We don't hear too much gay
bashing around here," Frandsen says. "We are probably much more tolerant of
other views and faith than I remember growing up in Utah."

From West to East: Joseph Smith once spent a month in Salem, Mass., where a
recent convert claimed there was buried treasure. After failing to find
anything, Smith saw the real treasure in potential converts. Until Young called
the faithful to join the westward migration in the 1840s, Boston had between 300
and 400 members, more than any other Eastern city.

At the end of the 19th century, second-generation Mormons began returning to the
East to study at prestigious universities. Within decades, dozens of young
people had left the "corridor," seeking education or jobs in Washington, D.C.,
New York, Chicago, San Francisco or Los Angeles, wrote G. Wesley Johnson in a
Meridian Magazine essay on LDS "urban pioneers."

"These early outmigrants not only achieved secular success in business, the
professions, or education," wrote Johnson, a retired BYU professor who is
studying this group, "but they became the pillars on which the development of
the church rested in these new areas."

Between 1950 and 2000, for example, LDS stakes in these metropolitan areas
multiplied. Washington, D.C., went from one stake to 15. Half of the current LDS
apostles have spent time in Boston - Henry B. Eyring, Russell M. Nelson and
Robert Hales have degrees from Harvard; L. Tom Perry was a stake president
there; and Boyd K. Packer was a mission president.

"This movement . . . became one of the driving forces to change the church
during the course of the new century," Johnson concluded.

Polynesian culture: Mormonism in Hawaii is more homegrown.

Missionaries arrived on the islands as early as 1850 and the church boomed.
Fifteen years later, the LDS Church bought 6,000 acres of ranch land on the
north shore of Oahu, which became a gathering place for early Hawaiian LDS
converts. The Hawaiian temple in Laie, dedicated in 1919, was the first temple
built outside the continental U.S.

Today, Hawaii's Mormon population is more diverse than in the Intermountain
West. BYU-Hawaii, for example, draws about 2,300 students from 70 countries.

"Hawaii is kind of a beef stew - such a mixture of things," says Jack Hoag, 75,
the LDS spokesman for Hawaii who joined the church 41 years ago. "We have more
interracial marriages than anywhere else in the country. More blending of
religions than anywhere."

Hoag says he's never seen "any particular tension" between Latter-day Saints and
others on the islands, which he attributes to the blending. "There's hardly a
family here that doesn't have a friend or a cousin who's on a mission. There's
always an interconnection."

In the mid-1990s, Hawaii was the first state to grapple with same-sex marriage.
The LDS Church joined Catholics, many other Christian churches and business
groups to oppose it. The four-year battle, and resulting vote that overwhelming
came out against same-sex marriage (70-to-30), Hoag says, was "a turning point
in our coalescing with Christian and non-Christian communities."

Such alliances may have helped Honolulu's mayor, 53-year-old Mufi Hannemann, who
is an active Mormon.

Hannemann's religion was never an issue during the election, says Bill Brennan,
the mayor's spokesman. "It didn't really come up as it did with Mitt Romney."

pstack@sltrib.com

jravitz@sltrib.com

Top cities

and counties

The top 10 U.S. cities and counties with the highest percentage of Mormons.

Percentage by city

1. Provo-Orem 88.1%

2. Salt Lake City-Ogden 59.2%

3. Pocatello, Idaho 47.2%

4. Boise, Idaho 14.8%

5. Flagstaff, Ariz. 12%

6. Richland-Kennewick, Wash. 6.9%

7. Las Vegas, Nev. 5.6%

8. Grand Junction, Colo. 5%

9. Phoenix, Ariz. 4.9%

10. Casper, Wyo. 4.7%

Percentage by county

1. Franklin County, Idaho 91.5%

2. Utah County, Utah 88.1%

3. Morgan County, Utah 87.4%

4. Rich County, Utah 84.9%

5. Sevier County, Utah 82.2%

6. Bear Lake County, Idaho 82.2%

7. Sanpete County, Utah 82.1%

8. Cache County, Utah 80.5%

9. Box Elder County, Utah 80.4%

10. Juab County, Utah 80.2%

Source: ARDA

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

US losing influence around the world, Russia gaining: Jeb Bush

LENGTH: 353  words


US Republican presidential hopeful Jeb Bush: "We're losing influence around the
world and Putin is gaining influence."

Republican presidential hopeful Jeb Bush says the United States is losing
influence around the world because of Russian President Vladimir Putin, and
censured Donald Trump for praising Putin as a strong leader.

"Putin is organized to challenge the United States across the world now. He
views his success by pushing us back. We're losing influence around the world
and Putin is gaining influence," Bush said on CBS's "Face the Nation" program on
Sunday.

"He's not an ally. He's a dictator. He's a bully," declared the former Florida
governor, adding that the Russian president admires strength and the United
States should demonstrate strength to counter him in the global arena.

"We need a president that actually will stand up for American interests whether
it's in Europe or the Middle East. That's how you create a better relationship
with Putin," he said.

On Thursday, Trump called Putin a "highly respected" global leader after the
Russian president described him as "a very outstanding man, unquestionably
talented."

Trump told supporters at a rally in Columbus, Ohio, "It is always a great honor
to be so nicely complimented by a man so highly respected within his own country
and beyond."

The Republican frontrunner later said of the Russian president, "He's running
his country and at least he's a leader, unlike what we have in this country."

Russian President Vladimir PutinLeading Republican presidential candidate Donald
Trump

In his interview with CBS on Sunday, Bush slammed Trump for praising Putin.

"You don't brag about what a great guy he is. He's not. He kills journalists.
Anybody that opposes him ultimately is pushed away," he said.

Trump continues to sustain his lead over other GOP contenders with an average of
33 percent support among Republican primary voters. But Bush, the son and
brother of two former presidents, is still struggling to gain momentum in
presidential campaign.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/22/145065682981.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/5/145065683332.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Newberry Observer, South Carolina

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

A Quaker influence

BYLINE: Andrew Wigger, The Newberry Observer, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words


July 16--NEWBERRY -- The Quakers who settled in Newberry County in the middle
1700s have long since left the area but their influence and their history can
still be found, even in downtown Newberry.

The historic marker for Bush River Quaker Meeting was erected in 1966 by
Hartford Grange No. 460 on Dennis Dairy Road. The marker states the following:

This old cemetery marks the site of the Bush River Meeting House. Settled by
Quakers in the 1760s, it was a monthly meeting (1770-1822) and a quarterly
meeting with jurisdiction over all meetings in South Carolina and Georgia from
1791 to 1808. Opposing slavery, the members moved west and settled Quaker
meetings in Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio

Local historian Ernest Shealy said the Quakers came down the Carolina Road from
North Virginia and Pennsylvania in 1750. They left their farms to settle in
South Carolina and some eventually settled in Newberry. The website
genealogytrails.com states that some came to escape religious persecution and
others because of the reasonable price of farmland.

"Friend Street downtown is a reminder of them, because the Quakers are known as
the Society of Friends," Shealy said.

The monthly meeting was the center of the Quakers' lives. When they died, they
were buried on the grounds of the Meeting House at no charge. Many Quakers
living in the area left in the early 19th century due to a prominent Quaker who
said the area was doomed for war and they were opposed to slavery.

"Many of them moved out west," Shealy said. "Some did stay and some did
eventually return. However, those who stayed eventually dissolved into other
congregations, like the Baptists, Methodists and some Lutherans."

The Quakers who stayed had their memberships transferred to North Carolina and
the Bush River monthly meeting was formally disbanded in 1822.

After the Meeting House was abandoned, a ghost story formed: In the mid 1800s,
many attended a fish fry at the Mill Pond because it was to be drained. One man
in attendance had too much to drink and stumbled to the Meeting House where he
fell asleep.

The story goes that when he woke up, he heard a terrible moaning sound. It
scared him so much that he ran back to Newberry. He then told everyone the old
Quaker House was haunted.

But it was later discovered that another man also stumbled to the building while
intoxicated, and fell asleep under the building. When the man under the building
awoke -- apparently around the same time the man inside did -- he began to moan.

Today, the Meeting House no longer stands, but the graveyard is behind the
historic marker on Dennis Dairy Road.

Shealy said he also has long suspected that the name Newberry comes from the
Quakers.

"Many of the Quakers came from a suburb of London called Newberry. One place
settled in Pennsylvania is named Newberry, then they came here and then they
moved in Indiana where there is also a Newberry," he said.

Reach Andrew Wigger at 803-276-0625 ext. 1867 or on Twitter @TheNBOnews.

___ (c)2015 The Newberry Observer (Newberry, S.C.) Visit The Newberry Observer
(Newberry, S.C.) at www.newberryobserver.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150716-1NO-A-Quaker-influence-0716-20150716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NO


                                 Copyright 2015


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 30, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Electoral College gives state a voice Lawmakers shouldn't cede the
state's influence in presidential elections to more populous states. HB 1299
should be rejected.

SECTION: Pg. A-21

LENGTH: 504 words


Colorado played a key role in last year's presidential race, thanks to the
Electoral College.

Without it, there likely wouldn't have been a Democratic National Convention in
Denver, and the two leading presidential candidates wouldn't have made so many
visits to the state.

But a bill in the state legislature would end that influence and push Colorado
toward a system that would award the state's nine electoral votes to the winner
of the national popular vote.

We can't figure out why a smaller state, such as ours, would want to cede its
influence to the more populous states on the coastlines. But Democrats have
pushed the bill through the House, and it's already cleared a Senate committee.

In a republic, such as ours, states matter. And small states, such as Colorado,
now can have an influence in a presidential election.

If House Bill 1299 is approved, Colorado would enter into an interstate compact
that would take effect only if enacted, in identical form, by states that have a
majority of electoral college votes - 270 of 538.

The states would agree to award all of their electoral votes to the presidential
candidate who wins the national popular vote.

We've wondered in the past if the Electoral College had outlived its usefulness,
and we do concede that the system leaves the union vulnerable to choosing a
president who didn't get the most support from voters.

The most recent example is the 2000 presidential election, in which Al Gore
prevailed in the popular vote but George W. Bush won the presidency because he
got four more electoral votes and a favorable court ruling.

This has happened only three times since the Civil War, but it came close again
in 2004. John Kerry nearly won Ohio, which would have given him the White House,
despite President Bush earning 3 million more votes.

But without the Electoral College, candidates likely would just fish for votes
in more populous states, such as California, New York, Texas and Illinois.
Rather than visit smaller states such as Colorado, the candidates might be
tempted to just run up the score in the more populous states if they're simply
aiming for a popular vote win.

We think the Electoral College system gives more of the country a voice in
selecting the president, even though its detractors say it gives small states a
disproportionately large role. Even the smallest states get three electoral
votes.

Thus far, four states have entered into the winner-take-all compact:

Hawaii, Illinois, New Jersey and Maryland.

If the General Assembly passes the bill and Gov. Bill Ritter signs it, Colorado
will be the fifth.

And Colorado, which figures to be a swing state for the foreseeable future, will
have lost its voice, and its influence. We can't imagine Ritter would want to
cede our state's influence to New York or California.

If the lawmakers pushing this bill truly believe in the popular vote, they
should put this issue before voters. Just a few years ago, however, Coloradans
killed a similar, but not identical, measure.

HB 1299 deserves the same fate.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             March 12, 2007 Monday

More crime watch for 3/12/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
James R. Niedzielski II, 3110 Jessica Road, Dover; driving under the influence;
underage drinking, careless driving; waived to court.

Clarence E. Lutzinger Jr., 834 Fern Place; theft by deception; waived to court.

George Harbison, 404 Baltimore St., Hanover; retail theft; waived to court.

Donald A. Engelhart, 253 E. College Ave.; drugs, retail theft, driving under
suspension; waived to court.

Andrew K. Mathis, 3217 Village Court, Dover; retail theft, robbery; waived to
court.

Jacob E. Trivitt, 40 McCosh St., Hanover; robbery; waived to court.

Phaurrac Sary, 1333 Kittatiny St., Harrisburg; theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

Angel V. Lopez, 1021 N. George St.; driving under the influence, underage
drinking; waived to court.

Mark B. Cherry, 401 Ridge Ave.; unauthorized use of motor vehicle; waived to
court.

Edward Moland, NFA; retail theft; waived to court.

Carlos E. Rivera, 53 East Water St., Gettysburg; resisting arrest, disorderly
conduct, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Luz A. Santos, 735 Edison St., Apt. D; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Wilma D. Hill, 40 N. Belvidere, second floor; retail theft; held for court.

Stephen M. Elicker, 510 Madison Ave., second floor; driving under influence,
driving under suspension, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Jennifer Stewart, 871 Bankard Road, Westminster, Md.; driving under the
influence; held for court.

Tarren E. Hill, 417 Water St., Apt. 3, New Cumberland; forgery; waived to court.

Bernard F. Nelson, 1868 Hickory St., Columbia; driving under the influence: held
for court.

Anthony J. Hightower Jr., 210 S. Penn St.; bad checks; held for court.

Breanna M. Rodgers, 1504 Jefferson Road, Spring Grove; robbery; waived to court.

Alan D. Hickman, 26 York St., Codorus, theft by deception, forgery; waived to
court.

Stephen A. Giuffrida, 2161 Brougher Lane; theft by deception; held for court.

Daniel A. Muiter, 185 Peacemaker Lane, Smithfield, N.C.; underage drinking,
public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Justin Nace, 51 S. Williams St., second floor; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Shannon J. Johnson, 609 W. Princess St.; fleeing or attempting to elude officer,
driving without a license, reckless driving; waived to court.

William H. Ledbetter, 1681 Westgate Drive, Apt. 101; driving under the influence
; waived to court.

Kimberly A. Shirey, 11 Butter Road, Dover; driving under the influence; underage
drinking; waived to court.

Leonardo Correa III, 660 W. King St.; drugs; waived to court.

Clarence E. Lutzinger, 834 Fern Place; retail theft; held for court.

Jacob E. Trivitt, 40 McCosh St., Hanover; robbery; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Arrest Log: 8/8/2015

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: POLICE

LENGTH: 109 words


Pelham, N.H.

-- Alan Kenison, 48; driving under the influence.

-- Christina Caras, 35, Sandown, N.H.; driving under the influence 2nd or 3rd
offense, driving under the influence.

-- Krystal Pagan, 28, Lowell; driving under the influence.

-- Kyle Courtemanche, 29, Dracut; driving after revocation/suspension.

-- Kassandra Ferreira, 20; arrest (bench warrant).

-- Michael Vivier, 42, Las Vegas, Nev.; driving under the influence, driving
under the influence 2nd or 3rd.

-- Kristin Reynolds, 39; arrest (bench warrant), arrest (bench warrant).

-- John Vandal, 51, Londonderry, N.H.; reckless operation, disobeying an
officer, transportation of drugs in a motor vehicle.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              May 7, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

FUNERALS AND MEMORIALS

SECTION: METRO & STATE; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 3423 words


Peter J. OKrongly

The influence of one man has an impact on many lives...and Milwaukee born and
raised Peter J. OKrongly was a man of great influence.

At an early age he felt the tug of military service and dedicated his life to
this calling. Pete was fortunate to meet his wife of 58 years, Patsy Ruth
Marhefka, on a bus while in basic training. Together "Pat and Pete" (as they
were always referenced) raised three children, Sharon, Tim and Debbie.

Pete's influence on his children was compounded by the many travels and
tours-of-duty necessary in military life. People in several parts of the world
were also influenced by Pete's guidance and leadership. His travels took him
from Milwaukee to Texas then on to Virginia. Soon Pat and Pete were on their way
to Japan with two children in tow and a third on the way where Pete helped
rebuild U.S. relationships with the Japanese after World War II.

Louisiana was the next stop and that tour influenced him as he collaborated with
another great man, Mr. Willie Wells. These two became inseparable, life-long
friends, and conspired on many occasions to "teach everyone they contacted" how
to have a good time, enjoy what life has to offer, and learn a few things along
the way. Next it was on to SAC headquarters in Nebraska where training would
begin for his transfer back overseas to the island of Guam. Pete did two tours
there and was further trained in North Dakota and Georgia in preparation for his
ultimate tour of duty and service to his country in Vietnam.

After 25 years of dedicated service in the United States Air Force Pete retired
and honored Pat by moving her back home to the state of Texas... to be close to
her family. Pete spent the next 20 years of his life in civil service at
Bergstrom Air Force Base. This also gave him an opportunity to provide more
influence on his grandsons, Sandy-Paul and Dusty. With Austin as his home base,
the travelling bug never subsided. He was a big influence on three other
grandchildren, Kip, Christopher and Madeline as he travelled to Alaska,
Washington State, Illinois and New Jersey to impart more of his wisdom and zest
for life on these three kids.

Pat and Pete were big fans of the casino world and he made these destinations a
must-do on his travels. There are casinos from Las Vegas to Atlantic City that
have felt the influence of his "Triple Diamonds".

Baseball... was always a big part of Pete's life. He was an avid (if not rabid)
Braves fan following them from Boston to Milwaukee and Atlanta. He believed
baseball was a good teaching sport and that proper guidance and exemplary
leadership assists youth in developing the qualities of citizenship, discipline,
teamwork and physical well being. Pete shared and taught these values to all
those who came into his life.

Peter J. OKrongly believed in the virtues of character, courage and loyalty as
the cornerstones of developing superior citizens. He was dedicated to his
country and served it all his life, he was madly in love with his wife Patsy
Ruth for 61 years... including the three years he lived after her passing, he
brought three children into the world and instilled in them his beliefs... and
he influenced countless people wherever he travelled.

The world is a better place because Pete OKrongly was here. He was loved by his
mother as a great son, cherished by his wife as a great husband, valued by his
children for his strength as a father and understood by his grandkids as a wise
man. We were all lucky to be influenced by this great person.

A funeral service will be held at 1:00 p.m., Saturday, May 7, 2011 in the
Memorial Chapel of Cook-Walden/Capital Parks Funeral Home in Pflugerville,
Texas.

In lieu of flowers... and to honor Peter J. OKrongly's love of baseball... the
family asks that donations be made in Pete's name to Little League Baseball,
Incorporated. To send a donation, please make checks payable to:

Little League Baseball, Incorporated

Attn: Chief Financial Officer

539 U.S. Route 15 Highway

P.O. Box 3485

Williamsport, PA 17701-0485

Please note "In Honor of Baseball Fan Peter J. OKrongly" on your check.

To share memories about Pete with his family, please visit
www.cookwaldencapitalparks.com

Richard Holman

Richard Holman, 64, of Granite Shoals passed away, May 4, 2011. He was born in
Sweetwater, Texas on April 16, 1947 to William "Scottie" and Evelyn (Cathey)
Holman.

Richard spent his childhood in Austin on Norwalk lane and attended O'Henry
Middle School and graduated from Austin High School in 1966. Joining the US
Navy, he served in the nuclear power training program. Returning to Austin,
Richard became a Journeyman Electrician belonging to the IBEW Local 520. He was
a proud descendent of the "Texas 300." For a time he was a member of the Gypsy
Motorcycle Club, a recent member of the Centex Tin Lizzie Model "T" Club and a
faithful member of Christ Redemeer Church in Granite Shoals. Richard had many
hobbies including genealogy, coin collecting, constructing model airplanes,
restoring antique cars not to mention boating on Lake Travis. His love and pride
for his family was a big part of Richard's life. He will be missed.

He is survived by his wife, Marie Holman of Granite Shoals; his son, Richard
Scott Holman of Bastrop; and his daughter, Melissa Holman and her husband
Michael Grady of Austin; sister-in-law, Karen Holman of Bastrop; nieces,
Michelle (Holman) Dowell and her husband Richard of Bastrop, Tonia (Holman) Bui
and her husband Todd of Austin, Brenda Holman of Lubbock; his beloved
grandchildren, Kevin Warnken, Mathew Moss, Hunter Kincaid, Chili Madrid, Mac
Bain, Wesley and Rebecca Burkhard and Aleigha Adams. He is preceded in death by
his parents, William and Evelyn Holman and brother, Norman Scott Holman.

Funeral services will be held at Cook-Walden Capital Parks Funeral Home, 14501
N. Interstate 35, Pflugerville, TX 78660, on Saturday, May 7, 2011 at 10:00 a.m.

To share memories about Richard with his family, please visit
www.cookwaldencapitalparks.com

Vivian Anderson Brown

Vivian Anderson Brown, 90, passed away Friday, May 6, 2011.

Vivian was born August 27, 1920 to Robert and Belle Anderson in Manor, TX. She
was baptized in Gethsemane Lutheran Church and confirmed in New Sweden Lutheran
Church, Manor, TX.

Vivian was preceded in death by her husband, Karl P. Brown, and brother, Raymond
Anderson. She is survived by her sister-in-law, Rose A. Anderson of Houston;
nephew, Robert Anderson of Houston; nephew, Rodger Anderson and wife Tracy of
Austin; niece, Rory A. Brown and husband David Brown of Southlake; stepson,
Patrick Brown and wife Carol of Desoto; and stepdaughter, Peggy Stephenson and
partner Lorrie Dennis of Dallas. She is further survived by numerous
grandchildren and great-grandchildren, great-nieces and a great-nephew.

Vivian completed thirty-one years of service with the federal government
including twenty-nine years at Bergstrom Air Force Base in Austin, TX. In 1955,
she became a charter member of Prince of Peace Lutheran Church and held numerous
positions within the Church during her lifetime including the Alter Guild, Choir
and Church Council. She loved her church and God and served wherever she could.

Vivian was a long time member and served as President of the following
organizations; WELCA- Women of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, DAV- Disabled
American Veterans, NARFE- National Active and Retired Federal Employees
Association. She was extremely proud of her Swedish heritage and served for many
years in the VASA- Vasa Order of America, a Swedish American Fraternal
organization.

Visitation will be held on Sunday, May 8, 2011 from 6:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. at the
Austin Peel and Son Funeral Home. Vivian will be laid to rest at the New Sweden
Cemetery. There will be a Memorial Service held at 11:00 a.m. on Monday, May 9,
2011 at the Prince of Peace Lutheran Church.

In lieu flowers, donations can be made to the following organizations; Advanced
Hospice Care of America, Inc. and the American Cancer Society.

Justine Marie Deutsch

Justine Marie Deutsch passed away Wednesday, May 4, 2011 at her home in Austin.
She was born on August 17, 1926 near Deanville in Burleson County, Texas. She
was preceded in death by her parents, Joseph and Pearl (Kostelka) Supak,
husbands, Melvin E. Deutsch and Marvin Anderson, son, Orvil Anderson, grandson,
Mark Anderson, brother, Milton Supak and sister, Shirley Ann Supak.

Survivors include son, Larry Anderson (Jeannie); daughter-in- law, Nancy
Anderson; stepchildren, Melvin C. Deutsch (Carolyn) and Susan Morris; brother,
Bennie Supak (Doris); sisters, Milady Nethery (Verlin) and Adele Zboril (Ray);
sister-in-law, Rose Supak; four grandchildren and eleven great-grandchildren.

Visitation will be held from 6:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m. and a Rosary recited at 7:00
p.m., Sunday, May 8, 2011, at Phillips & Luckey Funeral Home, Caldwell. A
gravesite service is scheduled for Monday, May 9, 2011 at the Caldwell Masonic
Cemetery following a procession starting at 11:00 a.m. from the Phillips &
Luckey Funeral Home.

Memorial contributions may be made to Heart to Heart Hospice Foundation or the
American Cancer Society.

Jimmie Dolores

Blackman Maybery

Jimmie Dolores Blackman Maybery was born in Taylor, Texas on September 5, 1930.
She left us on May 5, 2011 at the age of 80 after a long battle with COPD.

Dolores is survived by her daughter, Lisa; son-in-law, Earl; grandson, Aaron;
granddaughter, Kelli; life long partner, Hymie Sandgarten; and many, many
friends.

Dolores was a long time member of Daughters of the Nile and a founding member of
Ben Hera Court #91 of Ladies Oriental Shrine. Both groups support the children
who are served by the Shriners Hospitals for Burned and Crippled Children.

Mrs. Maybery was an active citizen who served as election judge in Travis County
for over 45 years. In addition, Dolores was a leader in BSA in CAC. She was a
Post leader, unit Commissioner, one of the first women to earn her wood badge
beads, and a Silver Beaver recipient. She was retired from AT&T as a marketing
manager.

Dolores was preceded in death by her father, Captain Warren Blackman, and her
mother, Lucy Blackman.

The family will receive friends from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m., Sunday, May 8, 2011
at Harrell Funeral Home, Austin, TX. Funeral service will be held 10:00 a.m.,
Monday, May 9, 2011, at Harrell Funeral Home, 4435 Frontier Trail. Burial will
follow at Capital Memorial Park, Pflugerville, TX.

In lieu of flowers donations to the Shriners Hospital for Children c/o Ben Hur
Shrine, 7811 Rockwood Lane Austin, TX 78757-1139, would be appreciated.

Shirley Bird Perry

Shirley Bird Perry, who played a leadership role in the administration of The
University of Texas at Austin for nearly five decades, died on May 4, 2011. She
was 74 and had battled cancer for several years.

Born near Stockdale, Texas in 1936 to Homer and Laura Stevenson Bird, Shirley
Ann Bird was known by friends and colleagues throughout her life as "Shirley
Bird."

When Shirley Bird arrived at UT in 1954, her first class had 240 students.
Comparing this number to her high school graduating class of 21 gave her an
eternal soft spot for students who came to UT from small towns. Shirley Bird was
an active member of student organizations, including the Texas Union Board of
Directors, Orange Jackets and Mortar Board. She was named the University's "Most
Outstanding Woman Student" by the Dads' Association (now the Parents'
Association) during her senior year.

Shirley Bird earned her degree in education in 1958 and joined the Texas Union
staff as program director. The following year she ventured to California to
teach junior high and was joined by several other UT graduates who became her
life-long friends. After a very long year of teaching 7th graders, she returned
to the Texas Union as program director. She began dating Sam Perry and in 1963
they were married, notwithstanding her disdain for his conduct at UT sporting
events.

Shirley Bird continued her work at the Texas Union for nearly a decade, and
under her direction the Union played a major role in the lives of the students
who participated in its programs. Many of those students became her lifetime
friends. Among many other activities, she coordinated appearances by
distinguished speakers such as Martin Luther King, Jr., Robert Kennedy, and
Marianne Moore. In 1967 she earned a Master's Degree in educational psychology
from UT. She was an active member of the Association of College
Unions-International (ACUI), and served as its first woman Vice President and
President. In 1972 Shirley Bird was named director of Texas Union.

She left UT to work for the ACUI for three years, but in 1980 President Peter
Flawn placed her in charge of the University's 1983 centennial, which included
managing the activities of the Centennial Commission, a series of commemorative
events, and a capital campaign. These efforts resulted in an enormous growth in
faculty endowments, lectureships and scholarships, which provided an infusion of
faculty and student talent, giving a major boost to UT's academic standing and
UT's transition to a national research university.

Shortly after assuming that responsibility, President Flawn appointed Shirley
Bird Vice President of Development and University Relations, a position she
enjoyed under both Presidents Flawn and Cunningham, participating in many of the
decisions that guided UT during that time. In 1992, then President Bill
Cunningham insisted she accompany him to the University of Texas System when he
became Chancellor. As Vice Chancellor for Development and University Relations
for the System she directed fund-raising operations, public affairs activities,
management of estates and trusts, event planning and special services, and other
activities. However, Shirley Bird couldn't be kept away from the 40 Acres for
long. After her retirement from UT System in 2004, UT President Larry Faulkner
welcomed her back to campus as a Senior Vice President.

In addition to membership on numerous University-related committees, she has
served on the Public Affairs Committee of the Association of American
Universities; the Executive Committee of the University Relations division of
the National Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges
(NASULGC); and on a special Task Force on State Relations coordinated by NASULGC
and the Council for the Advancement and Support of Education. She also received
the Marvin D. "Swede" Johnson Service Award in State Government Relations.

A Life Member of the Texas Exes, she received the organization's Top Hand Award
in 1984. The Parents' Association presented its Award of Distinction to her in
1992. The Texas Union named a special student recognition award in her honor,
the Shirley Bird Perry Leadership Award. In 2003, she was named a Woman of Power
by the Austin Business Journal. And in 2005, she received the Distinguished
Alumnus Award from the Texas Exes. In 2011, President Bill Powers awarded
Shirley Bird with the University's highest honor, the Presidential Citation, and
he and the other UT Presidents for whom she had worked established the "Shirley
Bird Perry Endowment Fund for University History" in her honor.

Shirley Bird was also instrumental in preserving much of the history of The
University of Texas through the UT Oral History Project to record the memories
and achievements of the institution's leaders, most all of whom she worked with
in the last half century. Her colleagues recognized the depth of her knowledge
of the institution and her dedication to UT.

Shirley Bird also served on the boards of directors of City National Bank of
Austin, Southwest Public Service Company, the advisory board of JP Morgan Chase
Bank of Austin, and other corporate boards during her long career.

Friends also remember Shirley Bird for her boundless energy, her grace under
fire, and her irreverent sense of humor. She was famous for her "expressions"
and one assistant even prepared a glossary. Some examples are: "There I was with
my hair on fire and my horse in a ditch;" "I'm suffering from a loss of
personality;" "I am between a sweat and a faint."

Shirley Bird's work ethic did not recognize weekends and her colleagues admired
her prodigious energy and capacity for getting things done. She once said she
wanted her epitaph to be, "She has gone to a meeting."

She was predeceased by her parents, her brother, Edwin Homer Bird, and her
brother-in-law, Richard Davis. She is survived by: her husband, Sam R. Perry;
her sisters, Mary Jane Jonsson and husband Errol, Virginia Bird Davis and Patsy
Bird Weber; her nephew, Charles Cotter and great nephews Jake and Trevor Cotter;
her cousin, Betty Bird; her sisters in law, Polly Perry-Vincent and her sons,
Blair and Scott Franklin and their families, and Jenny Kay Kubiak and husband,
L. B. Kubiak and their children, Lindsay and Logan.

The family wishes to thank Betty McMurray, Shelly Baker of Hospice Austin, the
caregivers from Angel Healthcare, Sharon McGraw, Bebe Moody Boone, Lucy Collins
Nazro, Maline McCalla, and Mary Ellen Oliver for their tireless efforts during
the last stages of her illness. Special thanks also to: Nancy Brazill, Janie
Wisecup, and Jim Moore for their help and friendship these last several years;
Dr. Daniel Karp and the staff at M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, and Rev. Morgan
Allen and Rev. Kelly Koonce of the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd.

There will be a memorial service at the LBJ Library Auditorium on Monday, May 9
at 2:00 p.m., with a reception to follow. Interment will be at a later date in
the State Cemetery.

Rather than flowers, the family requests that donations be made to: The Shirley
Bird Perry Endowment Fund for University History c/o The University Development
Office, P. O. Box 7458, Austin, Texas 78713-7458.

Obituary and memorial guestbook available online at www.wcfish.com

Sylvia Ramsey (Branscum) Shelley

Sylvia Ramsey (Branscum) Shelley, age 75, of Marble Falls passed away Thursday
morning, May 5, 2011. She was born January 29, 1936 in Delta (Jones County)
Kentucky to C.W. Branscum and Georgia (Ramsey Branscum). Sylvia shared with her
family an enjoyment and love of her youth, living in the hills of Kentucky.

In 1950 Sylvia moved from St. Louis, Missouri to Houston where she earned her
B.A. from the University of Houston in 1954. She later attended graduate work at
the University of Texas. After this, she began a career in education and
dedicated her life to being a language arts teacher for 28 years. After retiring
from teaching Sylvia earned her Masters in Psychology from the University of
Houston at Clearlake, and until her passing had a private counseling practice.
She was married to Eli Melvin Shelley in Houston on December 19, 1959. For the
past 11 years they lived in Marble Falls where she became very involved in her
community.

Sylvia served as a Court Appointed volunteer for CASA, served as an advocate for
the Family Crisis Center, served as an advocate for Big Brothers in Marble
Falls, taught parenting classes at the Crisis Center, and taught classes at the
Christian Women's Job Corps of the Highland Lakes.

Sylvia is survived by her husband Eli Marvin Shelley, son Steven Bret Shelley
and wife Lori, daughter Elizabeth Mia Shelley Tadlock. Also surviving are her
grandchildren Rachel Solov, Kayla Shelley, Brodin Tadlock, Reed Shelley and
Jacob Tadlock. She is also survived by her sister Shelia Branscum Webb and
husband Charlie and by nephews David Webb, Thomas Shelley Lucksinger, J.Ron
Lucksinger, Mike Lucksinger, Bobby Young, Phillip Young, John Shelley, Matthew
Shelley, and Garth Shelley, and nieces Terry Lynn Webb, Linda Jo Cole, Sue
Petrick, Kakie Sawyer, and Martha Field, Nancy Atkins, Kay Egerton, Gail Booher,
Ruth Ann Christison, and Mary Shelley.

The funeral service for Sylvia will be held Saturday, May 7, 2011 at 2:00 p.m.
at Clements-Wilcox Funeral Home with Rev. Jackie English, Fred Butler and Randy
Moncebiaz officiating. Interment will follow at the Round Mountain Cemetery in
Blanco County. In lieu of flowers memorial contributions may be made to Meals
and Wheels (Marble Falls), CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate), or to the
Youth Ministry of Redeemer Fellowship Church in Granite Shoals. Condolences may
be made to the family by visiting www.clementswilcoxfuneralhome.com.

Arrangements entrusted to Clements-Wilcox Funeral Home Marble Falls, Texas

Happy Birthday

Deacon Oscar W. Freisch, Sr.

May 7, 1912 - May 11, 2007

You are gone but never forgotten. Love you always, wife, Beulah Mae Freisch,
family and friends

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            January 29, 2008 Tuesday

Sport: US owners get one-way tickets to the big sell

BYLINE: Steve Cram

SECTION: GUARDIAN SPORT PAGES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 609 words


As a well-travelled and hopefully receptive individual, I've never had a problem
with the ever-widening range of cultural influences to which we are exposed. In
particular our friends across the Atlantic have always had an open invitation to
bombard us with the best and the worst examples of how they do things. American
influences are everywhere - some old, some new - but once introduced usually
turn out to be immovable forces.

A simple US hamburger company is now set to become one of the nuggets in our
higher education structure, so the question should be asked as to whether or not
we should worry about Americans taking over our national game. Derby County have
become the fourth Premier League club owned by a US company or individual and
immediately installed Tom Glick, a former NBA man, as chief executive. For
whatever reason even our Premier League dross is seen as worth a punt to many of
those in the States seeking new business horizons.

So at what point, if at all, should we worry. One thing is for sure. As their
influence grows in football, so will their desire to wring every drop of
commercial potential out of a sport that is still perceived to be dripping with
money. The beleaguered Liverpool co-owner Tom Hicks spoke to Gary Richardson on
Five Live at the weekend and most of his answers were framed in business
parlance. He was talking of the brand, its assets, its global reach and
ultimately its value. I wonder what his take might be on the actions of Mike
Ashley at Newcastle? American professional sport does a lot of things really
well, but it is a good few touchdowns from the way we consider our sports should
be conducted.

American professional sport, with its salary structure and draft system, does
include checks and balances to ensure financial advantage does not produce undue
influence on the pitch. It allows any fan to hope someday their team will get
their day in the limelight. However, this seems to be traded for the
in-your-face branding of everything to do with your franchise or, should I say,
team.

It's been a softly softly approach so far by the US contingent, but they must
see us as a nation of sports lovers waiting to be locked into their own
particular brand. In the UK that means smaller brands will wither and die as
they are bulldozed by the big boys, and young fans will gravitate to those they
see and hear about more often.

If you like it big, brash and noisy then you're likely to be in the right place.
Super Bowl XLII in Phoenix, Arizona, this weekend is the archetypal American
sporting event. The New York Giants are playing the New England Patriots. The
last time the Giants won was in 1991 in Tampa and I was there for my first Super
Bowl experience. It was a memorable game but my memories were more aesthetic.
Corporate America was there in force. The Gulf War was in full swing and
Operation Desert Storm had begun 10 days earlier. As Whitney Houston hit the
last shrill note of the Star-Spangled Banner, four F-111 jet fighters screamed
low over head and the whole stadium shook with sound and emotion. I almost put
my hand on my heart and saluted!

It was the occasion that topped the bill, less the game itself. The NFL comes to
London again in October and the vast over-subscription for tickets will once
again underline our interest and buying power to those watching from the
corporate boxes, and few clubs would turn down their financial overtures.

That's OK as long as we don't complain sometime in the future that the game has
sold its soul. The sitcoms and fast food seemed desirable at the time, but we've
ended up with obesity. Football should be careful at being so greedy.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 9, 2005 Wednesday

On theRecord

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 346 words


court notes

Misdemeanors

Alcohol -- April L. Viagel, 42, of Betty Drive, Bloomington, $600, DUI fine of
$500 and sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending
remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol and fined $100 for
failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident. Recommended treatment completed.

Alcohol -- Christopher S. Woolridge, 25, Forsyth, fined $600, DUI fine of $500
and sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending
remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment and 100 hours of community service.

Alcohol -- Robert J. Banister, 42, of the 900 block of Eddy Road, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days
in jail, stayed pending remission hearing, for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Kristopher J. Toberman, 31, of the 900 block of North Linden Street,
Normal, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of probation and
30 days in jail, stayed pending remission hearing, for driving under the
influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment and 100 hours of
community service.

Alcohol -- Robert L. Boatright, 48, East Peoria, fined $600, DUI fine of $100
and sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and 30 days in jail, stayed
pending remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Drugs -- Mesha Lavawn Hart, 26, of the 1400 block of East College Avenue,
Normal, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of drugs. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Ricardo Najera, 30, El Paso, Texas, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol and fined $120 and sentenced to concurrent six months of court
supervision for driving while driver's license suspended. Must complete
recommended treatment.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              March 4, 2007 Sunday

Football trio brings Miners high hopes

BYLINE: By Matthew Aguilar / El Paso Times

SECTION: SPORTS; Football

LENGTH: 2347 words


When UTEP head coach Mike Price was hired in 2003, Miner fans knew they finally
had a bonafide winner leading their football team. He had a 1997 National Coach
of the Year plaque to prove it. But besides the quality coaching Price brought
to the table, UTEP fans also knew he brought influence. The influence to bring
high-profile schools to play in the Sun Bowl. The influence to regularly get the
Miner program on national television. And, perhaps most importantly, the
influence to attract big-name recruits.

Three years later, UTEP football has three of the most decorated recruits in
program history on campus, preparing for spring training. They all are transfers
from bigger schools, and they all came to El Paso for different reasons.

But the reasons don't matter much. The point is that Fred Rouse, Terrell Jackson
and Adam Vincent -- formerly of Florida State, Oregon and Arizona State,
respectively -- are here and looking to suit up for the opener Sept. 1 against
New Mexico. Miner fans hardly could have imagined that three years ago.

Redemption

Fred Rouse has had a rough year.

Last May, he and former Florida State player A.J. Nicholson were arrested and
charged with burglary and grand theft. They were accused of breaking into the
apartment of a Seminole teammate and stealing $1,700 worth of electronic
equipment.

That came on the heels of being dismissed from the Florida State program the
previous January by head coach Bobby Bowden for violating an undisclosed team
policy.

After those incidents, there were few programs interested in Rouse, which was
amazing considering he was regarded as the top wide receiver in the country by
most publications coming out of Lincoln High School in his hometown of
Tallahassee, Fla., in 2005.

And while Rouse still is battling his legal issues, he is hungry and eager to
prove himself as a Miner. He will have three years of eligibility remaining when
the season begins Sept. 1.

There is little doubt that the past year, which has included enrolling and going
to school at UTEP, has humbled him.

"Like my mom told me, trouble is easy to get into and hard to get out of," Rouse
said last week after a lifting session with his new Miner teammates at the Larry
K. Durham Sports Center. "I never thought about it much until I actually dipped
my foot in the water and had to find out the hard way. But I don't know where
the process will go. As far as the felonies and all that, I really don't know."

Regardless, Rouse is using the incident as motivation. When asked whether he
sees his situation as redemption, he answered immediately.

"Who wouldn't?" he asked. "I've come from the ground up. I'm just looking to
show everybody that I'm back, that I'm the same old person."

The 6-foot-4, 194-pound Rouse is, according to the Miner sports information
department, "quite simply the most decorated recruit in the history of UTEP
football."

He was a Parade All-American coming out of Lincoln High, where he compiled 608
receiving yards and eight touchdowns as a senior, averaging 20.1 yards a catch.
He was listed as a five-star player by the Web site Rivals.com, and the No. 1
overall receiver by SuperPrep magazine.

ESPN.com's Tom Lemming pegged him as the No. 6 overall player in the country.

A track and field standout as well, Rouse was a member of Lincoln's national
champion 4x100 relay team.

At Florida State, he appeared in 11 games for the Seminoles in 2005, registering
six catches for 114 yards (19 yards per catch) and a touchdown. He also had 11
punt returns for 97 yards (8.8 average) and six kickoff returns for 107 yards
(17.8 average).

Then, trouble hit.

"There was so much going on that I got to the point where I was like, 'I don't
even want to play football,' " he said. "But with the talent I was blessed with,
a lot of guys pushed me to continue, and I did."

Rouse found someone who was willing to take a chance on him in UTEP coach Mike
Price. And he took him up on his offer.

"Actually, I had never heard of UTEP," Rouse said. "I was brought in by a former
Floridian, (UTEP graduate offensive assistant) Antonio Carter.

"Coach Price and I spoke a couple of times on the phone, and he sounded like a
trustworthy guy. When I talked to him, I came out for a visit. But at the time,
I was under so much pressure. The visit didn't matter. I just wanted to go
somewhere and get away from where I was."

Rouse said he was surprised to see that UTEP was a "great program."

"I was amazed," he said. "I was amazed by the size of the players, the
facilities, the environment, the atmosphere. Everything."

Fans may be amazed by Rouse. UTEP senior quarterback/receiver Lorne Sam, who was
teammates with Rouse at Florida State, said the phenom will bring a swagger to
the team.

"He's more of the big-time player that we need to get over this hump," Sam said.
"He was the top receiver in the country coming out of his high school class.
That says enough about him athletically. And, I think he's a great guy. I know
he's had some issues that have put a black eye on his image. But we all have
made mistakes at some point. But he's persevering through it and getting his
school work done. He's really grown through this whole process."

At Florida State, Sam said Rouse was wowing people while he was still in high
school.

"He'd come out for voluntary pass drills, and he'd be in high school out there
competing against the starting defensive backs at a Division 1 program," he
said. "What 16-year-old has the confidence to step up against a (star defensive
back)? He has confidence and he has swagger. I don't think he'll back down from
any challenge."

But, physically, Rouse said he had some work to do.

"When I first got here, I probably couldn't run a mile," he said. "But I'm
coming along. I thank the coaches and the players for pushing me to get better."

For a guy who enjoyed so much fanfare in Florida, Rouse is remarkably humble
these days. He said he knows there will be high expectations on him -- which he
doesn't mind.

But he said he doesn't necessarily have to be the star.

"I'm not really looking at it like I've got a lot on my shoulders, because I've
got a great group of guys behind me," he said. "And I'm not looking to rush
anything. I'm not looking to come in here and score 20 touchdowns or be the main
guy. My main focus is getting this team better and getting them back on top."

Matthew Aguilar may be reached at maguilar@elpasotimes.com; 546-6166.

Out of the rain

Terrell Jackson played in seven games for Oregon as a sophomore in 2005, rushing
27 times for 107 yards and catching eight passes for 37 yards. He seemingly was
on his way to a bright career with the Ducks.

But the native of Moreno Valley, Calif., didn't feel as though head coach Mike
Bellotti was utilizing him correctly. So he decided to make a change and come to
UTEP.

"I picked UTEP really because it was a school where I thought I could
contribute," Jackson said. "It had a coach from the Pac 10 that I knew about in
Mike Price. And that was one of the main reasons I picked UTEP. I also had a
former high school teammate (Miner offensive lineman Robby Felix) that came here
and told me about it. I followed him and listened to everything he said, and
everything the coaches said, and when it came time for my visit, it was cool. I
felt like I could come here and play and be comfortable in the city."

Jackson arrived last August, just in time for Camp Socorro. Since then, he has
been workmanlike in his approach, and his teammates have been anticipating his
first game in a Miner uniform.

"I like my teammates; it's like a family atmosphere here," Jackson said. "We all
get along, and there aren't any problems among one another. I like the weather
out here. It's always nice. It's good to get out of the rain (in Oregon). Now, I
don't have to walk around in a jacket."

The 5-foot-9, 190-pound Jackson, who will have two years of eligibility starting
this season, sat out all of last year as per NCAA transfer rules. He also worked
on the Duck scout team as a freshman in 2004 after redshirting in '03.

So he's anxious to play.

"(But) I don't want to get too hyped up for spring and try to do too much," he
said. "I'm going to play within myself and just get ready to play the season.
And when Sept. 1 comes, I'll be ready to go."

Jackson was a SuperPrep and PrepStar All-American at Centennial High School in
Moreno Valley, Calif. He was rated as one of the top 15 running backs in the
nation and one of the top two in the state of California.

He was listed as the No. 17 prep prospect in California after rushing for 2,664
yards, an average of 204.9 per game, his senior year. He averaged 7.9 yards per
carry as a senior, scoring 43 touchdowns (40 rushing, three receiving), and
caught 23 passes for 245 yards and led the Inland Empire in scoring at 20.3
points a game.

"He reminds me a lot of (former UTEP tailback Tyler) Ebell, in terms of
quickness and reading holes," UTEP senior quarterback/receiver Lorne Sam said.
"He's a stocky guy who is powerful. He's one of the stronger skill-position
guys, pound-for-pound, in the weight room. So I'm excited to see him play. He's
a good addition who can give (senior tailback Marcus Thomas) a bit of a break.

"(And) he's a people-person. He's funny and laid back. The team embraced him, so
he's part of the family now."

Next year, Jackson knows he'll have to split carries with Thomas. And that's
fine by him.

"I think, in college, you need two good running backs," he said. "You can see
that in the NFL. Every team is starting to go to a two-back system, because it's
a long season and your body gets worn down. So if you've got somebody who can
take 10-12 carries so that someone else doesn't have to take 25-26 carries, that
will help us in the long run. Like when we get to the conference championship or
a bowl game, we'll have fresher legs."

It has been painful for Jackson to sit out, watching everyone else play. But his
time finally is drawing closer. And he can't wait to play in a packed, loud Sun
Bowl.

"I was surprised because, at Oregon, there was probably 80 consecutive sellouts.
And we had intense crowds," he said. "So when I came here, I braced myself
because I thought it may not be as loud. But it was just as loud. The crowd was
just as into it. And I think the more we win, the more we keep getting better,
the crowd is going to come out, and every game is going to be sold out."

Matthew Aguilar may be reached at maguilar@elpasotimes.com; 546-6166.

A good memory

Adam Vincent lined up as an Arizona State linebacker in Mike Price's first-ever
game as UTEP head coach, on Sept. 2, 2004, at Sun Devil Stadium.

And he never forgot it.

"That's when I was first introduced to UTEP," Vincent said. "They didn't play
such a great game. But then, later on that season, I remember (then Arizona
State head coach Dirk Koetter) telling us that UTEP was not a bad team after
they lost to us. He let us know how good they were doing. And right there, I
thought that coach Price may be doing something at UTEP.

"I had heard of him in the Pac 10, and then that same year, we came to the Sun
Bowl. So I knew about El Paso, and I already kind of knew the area."

So, when the 6-2, 250-pound native of Chandler, Ariz., was looking for a new
program after leaving the Sun Devils -- "I was hanging out with buddies from
high school, and it didn't feel like I ever went away to college." -- he
remembered Price and UTEP.

And that's a good thing for the Miners.

Vincent, who will have two years of eligibility remaining with the Miners
beginning in 2007 after sitting out last year per NCAA transfer rules, played in
11 games for Arizona State in 2005, recording 13 tackles and a half-sack, which
came against top-ranked USC. He saw his most significant action of the season in
the Insight Bowl against Rutgers after an injury knocked out starter Dale
Robinson.

Vincent responded with seven tackles (six solo).

Before that, he was listed as the No. 14 player in Arizona by SuperPrep magazine
as a senior at Hamilton High School in Chandler. He was named the 5A Fiesta
Region Defensive Player of the Year and first team All-Arizona by the Arizona
Republic after recording 146 tackles, 10 tackles for losses, 4åsacks, an
interception, three fumble recoveries and seven quarterback pressures as a prep
senior.

Other senior awards included All-East Valley Tribune first team, all-state,
all-region and first team all-defense by Phoenix Metro Football Magazine. He
ended his career as Hamilton's all-time leader for tackles (355) and tackles for
losses (25å).

His brother, Joey, played football (quarterback) and baseball (outfielder) at
New Mexico State.

"I think he brings a new aura," said UTEP senior weakside linebacker Jeremy
Jones, who will form a formidable corps with Vincent, who likely will be the
starter in the middle. "He's a hard worker, and guys feed off of him. It's a big
statement that he's coming from Arizona State. Younger players are watching him
work hard. And he's the type of guy that will deliver. He can do nothing but
help UTEP. It's great for our defense and a great fit for him."

Vincent said: "It's been a good transition to UTEP. The first day I came down
here, I got a roommate (offensive lineman Cameron Raschke) and two other guys
(former Miner players Johan and Aaron Givens). And even T-Jack (Jackson) stayed
with us for a couple of weeks. The next day, I started school. And that same
day, we started practicing. So the transition was fast. I was with the team
right away, right off the bat."

He, too, is excited about playing in the Sun Bowl. Again.

"I knew the crowd was loud from when we played in the Sun Bowl," he said. "It
echoes. So it almost feels double what it really is."

Vincent said he is ready for spring.

"All I did was scout team (last year)," he said. "So I wasn't really able to
prove what I could do. I was able to do a little bit.

"They say they are expecting big things. But I just want to be able to get out
there and prove it. I don't want them to be talking about what they think I can
do. I want to show them what I can do."

Matthew Aguilar may be reached at maguilar@elpasotimes.com; 546-6166.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UTEP football transfers are, from left, Fred Rouse, formerly of Florida
State, Terrell Jackson, formerly of Oregon, and Adam Vincent, formerly of
Arizona State.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             May 14, 2003 Wednesday

Police Log

SECTION: POLICE ARREST LOG

LENGTH: 749 words


Ayer

Harold Miller, 41, 45 Fox Meadow Road, Leominster; assault and battery.

Chelmsford

Jeffrey M. Taylor, 47, 110 Graniteville Road; domestic assault and battery.

Benjamin P. Bjorklund, 20, 1 Velvet Lane; being a minor transporting alcohol,
disorderly conduct, resisting arrest.

Vincent Maglio, 41, 11 Fletcher St.; driving after license revocation, speeding.

Kenneth Davidson, 49, 174 Ennell St., Lowell; shoplifting.

Patrick S. Fleck, 17, 137 Middlesex St.; driving under the influence of alcohol.

Matthew Kotfila, 17, 11 Higate Road; driving under the influence of alcohol.

Daniel S. Medeiros, 29, 19 Federal St., Hudson, N.H.; driving under the
influence of alcohol, possession of marijuana, driving after license suspension,
speeding.

Michael L. Franzino, 26, 620 Princeton Blvd., Lowell; driving under the
influence of alcohol, marked-lanes violation, speeding.

Dunstable

Joseph J. DeAngelis, 21, 16420 Cook Road, Fort Myers, Fla.; operating under the
influence of alcohol, operating with a suspended license.

Philip G. Carter, 21, 7 Tucker St., Pepperell; illegal possession of marijuana.

Groton

Dennis J. Dietrich, 18, 135 Crosswinds Drive; domestic assault and battery.

Rebecca J. Tata, 40, 1790 Mass. Ave., Lunenburg; warrant for larceny by check.

Dana Powers-Howe, 36, 128 Main St.; warrant for probation violation.

Littleton

Darlene Cugliatta, 35, 273 Forge Village Road, Groton; operating under the
influence of alcohol, following too close.

Hudson, N.H.

Charles W. Hudson, 46, Londonderry; driving after license revocation or
suspension, driving without giving proof of license.

Cheryl A. Cummings, 23, 17 Saint Francis Place; driving after license revocation
or suspension.

Jody R. Tomolonis, 21, Merrimack; shoplifting.

Heidi Pontes, 30, 80 Tyngsboro Road, Chelmsford; driving while intoxicated.

Marc N. Ayotte, 31, 279 High St., Lowell; driving after license revocation or
suspension, driver's license prohibitions.

A 16-year-old; conduct after an accident.

Matthew Calvin, 19, 5 Twin Meadow Drive, Unit B; violating a restraining order.

Joshua W. Tessier, 10 Proctor St., Unit A, Nashua; driving after registration
suspension, driving after license revocation or suspension.

Lowell

James Anderson, 41, 85 Pleasant St., Concord; disorderly conduct.

Stephen Guenard, 32, 125 Crawford St.; failing to slow down at an intersection,
driving after license revocation, harsh and objectionable noise.

Jason Harris, 24, 26 Liberty Drive, Billerica; possession of a class A drug,
resisting arrest.

Ricardo Rosado, 38, 26 Chapel St.; distribution of a class A substance,
distribution of a class A substance in a school zone, conspiracy to violate drug
laws.

Juan Marquez, 25, 74 Walnut St. Apt. B; driving without a license, defective
equipment [windshield].

Jason Raposa, 132 Bowden St., No. 104; domestic assault and battery.

Francis King III, 461 Merrimack St., No. 3; violating a restraining order.

Rae J. Kula, age unknown, 14 Union St., Apt. 2; receiving a stolen motor
vehicle, possession of a hypodermic needle/syringe, possession of a hypodermic
needle.

Steven Cooper, 27, no known address; warrant for destruction of property over
$250, breaking and entering in the daytime with intent to commit a felony,
larceny over $250, trespassing, conspiracy.

Stephen R. Gilmore, 41, Danvers; unarmed robbery.

Nashua

Justin Dutton, 21, address unavailable; domestic violence [criminal
threatening].

Kristopher R. Letendre, 17, 23 Benson Ave.; criminal trespassing.

Timothy R. Belden, 49, 109 East Hollis St.; possession of marijuana, driving
while in possession of marijuana.

Jeffrey Morin, 37, 94 Monroe St.; disorderly conduct.

Patrick Morgan, 22, 1 First St.; warrant.

Brandon Billings, 32, 25 Mid Dunstable Road; driving while intoxicated
[refusal].

Neftali Gonzalea, 41, 133 Temple St., Unit 6; driving after license suspension
[second offense].

Richard Metsiou, 54, 28 Canal St., Unit 1; disorderly conduct, resisting arrest
[2 counts].

Edwin Rivera, 42, 23 Congress St.; driving while intoxicated [aggravated].

Timothy J. Joyce, 19, 24 Summerhill Road, Dracut; driving while intoxicated
under 21.

Edison R. Paulino, 34, 525 Amherst St., Unit F26; driving while intoxicated.

Townsend

Jeffrey A. Bourbeau, 40, 13 Shawnee Road, Pepperell; speeding, operating with a
revoked license.

Dennis J. Dietrich, 18, 135 Crosswinds Drive, Groton; trespassing, wanton
destruction of property over $250.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 10, 2007 Monday

More Crime Watch for 09/12/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
James Billet, Merrion Road; theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Ali Toure, NFA; theft by unlawful taking; fugitive.

Bradley Ryan Jr., Allendale Drive, Rochester, N.Y.; fleeing or attempting to
elude police; fugitive.

Amon Ledwich, Pear Avenue, Manchester; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Robin Edwards, Pear Avenue, Manchester; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Nathaniel Ledwich, Pear Avenue, Manchester; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Henry R. Basso III, Birdie Lane, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Tammi L. Oldknow, E. Main Street, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Brian T. Yufer, Westwood Drive; indecent exposure; waived to court.

John R. Dietz, Old York Road, New Cumberland; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Matthew Keller, South 4th Street, Newport; marijuana-small amount for personal
use; waived to court.

Matthew Anderson, Gosling Drive; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Suzanne Grissinger, Potts Hill Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Mary Jane Rohrer, Landvale Street, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Timmy Laird, Stonemill Drive, Elizabethtown; forgery; waived to court.

Matthew Grant, S. Sixth Street, Wrightsville; statutory sexual assault; waived
to court.

James Toomey Jr., Conewago Avenue, Manchester; possession of marijuana; held for
court.

Craig M. Smith, 7th Street, New Cumberland; forgery; waived to court.

Thomas A. Krzykowski, Woodland Road, Halifax; robbery; waived to court.

Richard R. Sheffer Jr., Susquehanna Trail; false report; waived to court.

Douglas Potter, Wyndhurst Court; burglary; waived to court.

Tyrone Williams, Walnut Street, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Michael Marshall, Wyatt Circle, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

John Dixon, Jefferson Street, Harrisburg; marijuana-small amount for personal
use; waived to court.

Kenneth Boggs, Boas Street, Harrisburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Jay L. Krout III, W. Market Street; harassment; waived to court.

Tracy Emig, Pleasant Grove Road, York Haven; receiving stolen property; waived
to court.

Ernest Ford, W. Mulberry Street, Baltimore, Md.; theft by deception; fugitive.

Matthew Macon, N. Harrisburg Street, Steelton; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Matthew Smith, Carlisle Road, Camp Hill; marijuana-small amount for personal
use; waived to court.

Robert Bretz, N. Front Street, Harrisburg; accident involving damage to
vehicle/property; waived to court.

Anthony Senic, Foxfire Lane, Lewisberry; simple assault; waived to court.

Michelle Bugey, Valley Green Road, Etters; recklessly endangering another
person; waived to court.

Stefan Stokes, E. Cottage Place; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Maria Soto-Lopez, S. Duke Street; driving under the influence; held for court.

Anthony Fickes Jr., Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; defiant trespass-actual
communication; waived to court.

Anthony Fickes Jr., Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; statutory sexual assault;
waived to court.

Pablo Caraballo, Landvale Street, York Haven; burglary; fugitive.

Jorge Caraballo, Manada Street, Harrisburg; burglary; fugitive.

Katie Hocker, Sugar Maple Court, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Jennifer A. Kessler, first block Cragmour Road, York Haven; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Darryl Barfield, first block White Dogwood Drive; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Doreen M. Lynch, 2700 block of Clearbrook Boulevard; criminal mischief; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Daymon Sieger, Old Trail Road, Lot 25, York Haven; harassment; pleaded guilty,
time to pay.

Jared M. McGahen, 137 Lancaster Blvd., Mechanicsburg; harassment; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Amy T. Hoehne, 1600 N. 4th St., Harrisburg; criminal trespass; pleaded guilty,
time to pay.

Vonnie K. Davis, 1090 Bowers Bridge Road, Manchester; criminal mischief,
harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 28, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

MOVING TO FLORIDA: MORE QUESTIONS

SECTION: Section 11LI; Page 29, Column 2; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 176 words


I wish the interview with the Poryleses, who moved from the Northport area to
Wellington, Fla., had been more probing ['' 'It's Like L.I. in the 1960's' - in
Florida,'' May 31]. When Mrs. Poryles said they had moved for several reasons
and named one as ''negative New York City influences creeping in,'' why wasn't
she asked to define or identify these influences? Such clarification would have
been most interesting, I believe, to New York City and Long Island readers.

And later in the article, when it was written that Mr. Poryles sensed ''an
anti-New York bias that quietly pervades the local business community,'' how did
the reporter resist commenting on the irony of people escaping from ''negative
New York influences'' only to be considered such an influence by some of their
new neighbors?

Isn't there something in that great book on human behavior, the Bible, that
speaks of negative influences when cast upon the waters rise to soak or sock the
caster? Inelegantly paraphrased, but how satisfying!

 HAROLD EDESON
   Island Park

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 20, 2011 Monday

Crime Watch for 06/20/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Karen Kim Foose, York Haven; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Harry N. Morales, habitual offenders, driving while license suspended or
revoked; waived to court.

Jack Anthony Jonozzo, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

James Arnold Tuttle, Etters; burglary, criminal trespass, theft by unlawful
taking, criminal mischief; waived to court.

Steven Sheridan Payne, Manchester; aggravated assault, simple assault, criminal
mischief, recklessly endangering another person; held for court.

Kathleen M. Woorley, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Brian Allen Bruce, Camp Hill; burglary, theft by unlawful taking; sent to common
pleas.

Zachary Robert Bryan, Middletown; driving under the influence; held for court.

Katelyn Rose Caffery, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Patrick A. Dealy, Harrisburg; procure for self/other drug by forgery; waived to
court.

Renee Erin Werntges, Dillsburg; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Robert Eugene Myers, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Steven Sheridan Payne, Manchester; aggravated assault, simple assault, criminal
mischief, reckless endangerment; held for court.

Angela Lee Prince, false identification to law enforcement; pleaded guilty.

James Toomey Jr., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Matthew Scott Arnold, Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Taylor Elizabeth Depue, Carlisle; aggravated assault, simple assault, reckless
driving and endangerment; held for court.

Marshall Stephen Egolf, Camp Hill; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Lindsey Ramm, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Raheem Hickman, Hellam; intent to possess controlled substance by person not
registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under the influence,
false identification to enforcement officer; waived to court.

Brandon Trimmer, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

James Fischer Wilson, Philadelphia; conspire false/fraud/incomp insurance claim,
conspire theft by unlawful taking, conspire theft by deception, conspire defraud
secured creditor; waived to court.

April Lynne Blodgett, Red Lion; false identification to law enforcement,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Donald Richard Hill, Harrisburg; possession of marijuana; held for court.

Shawn Michael Sholar, York Haven; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jeffrey Lee McCartney, Manchester; simple assault, resist arrest, harassment;
held for court.

Bradley K. Bush, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          November 25, 2009 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 11/25/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 420 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Dwight D. Ford, 230 W. Cottage Place; possess instrument of crime with intent,
criminal mischief-tamper with property, carry/discharge air rifle; waived to
court.

Ashlen J. Finkenbiner, 1400 Detwiler Drive; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Ernest E. Taylor, 1269 Glendale Road; unlawful contact with minor, corruption of
minors, indecent assault without consent of others, indecent assault with person
less than16 years of age; held for court.

Joseph S. Lord, 104 S. Richland Ave.; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia, retail theft; waived to court.

Juan Romero-Rodriguez, 1304 W. King St.; simple assault; held for court.

Dewayne R. Spak, c/o York County Prison; retail theft-felony; waived to court.

Brandon J. Frady, 1043 E. Market St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance-sch 1 or 2,
driving under the influence: controlled substance-sch 3, driving under the
influence: controlled substance-impaired ability, driving under the influence:
controlled substance-combination of alcohol/drugs, stop signs/yield signs;
waived to court.

Henry O. Gonzalez, 525 W. Princess St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-sch 1, driving under the influence: controlled substance-sch 2 or 3,
possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under
suspension, speeding; held for court.

Jack G. Strothers, 200 Finch St., Lancaster; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Waun Fisher, 3484 Tunnel Hill Road, Seven Valleys; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, accidents involving damage to unattended
vehicle/property, reckless driving, disregard single traffic lane; waived to
court.

Jeffrey J. Kappus Jr., 717 Tobacco Run Drive, Bel Air, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; held for court.

Roy L. Cross III, 666 Maryland Ave.; receiving stolen property, firearms not to
be carried without a license; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           September 11, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

HIGH SCHOOLS;
Boyd out at Milton

BYLINE: Todd Holcomb, David Purdum; For the AJC

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 513 words



HIGHLIGHT: Basketball coach quits after recruiting allegations.


One of the state's most successful basketball coaches is out of a job after his
school reported allegations of recruiting to the Georgia High School
Association.

David Boyd, who led Milton's boys basketball program to state championships in
2010 and 2012, resigned Monday, according to Samantha Evans, the executive
director of communications for Fulton County Schools.

Reached by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution late Monday, Boyd said he had no
comment.

Milton has contacted the GHSA to report allegations of "undue influence,"
principal Clifford Jones wrote in an email to the Milton High community earlier
Monday.

"Undue influence," or recruiting, is defined by the GHSA as influence by any
person connected with a GHSA school to induce a student to transfer from one
school to another.

"As we move forward there will be a thorough investigation and the development
of a comprehensive strategy to move our program to new heights of integrity and
excellence," Jones wrote in his email. "In the days ahead, I ask that we support
our student athletes, their families, and the program."

Attempts to reach Jones on Monday were unsuccessful.

Under Boyd, Milton became a lightning rod in the debate about high-profile
athletes transferring to form high school super teams. Key former members of the
recent Milton dynasty include transfers Shannon Scott (now at Ohio State),
Dai-Jon Parker (Vanderbilt), Shaquille Johnson (Auburn) and Charles Mann
(Georgia).

Milton's 2012 championship team lost home-grown Evan Nolte (Virginia), Johnson
and Mann to graduation but still figured to be one of the teams to beat in Class
AAAAAA.

Among the new players reported to have joined the program were DaQuain Watts of
North Springs, Shawn O'Connell of Roswell and Isaiah Manderson of
Westside-Augusta. Two others were coming from out of state in Johnnie Vassar
from Indiana and Zach Hodskins from Tennessee. All are college prospects.

Milton returns one of the nation's top juniors in Jalyn Patterson and freshmen
in Chris Lewis. Largely because of its status as a national program, Milton is
scheduled to play games in Illinois, North Carolina and Florida in the upcoming
season and was almost certain to have Top 25 national rankings.

Boyd has been a head coach of six state championship teams and is the only coach
in Georgia to lead four different schools to the title in Campbell (1982),
Tucker (1996), Berkmar (2000, 2001) and Milton (2010, 2012). Boyd has 604
victories in a career that began in 1980.

Boyd joined Milton for the 2007-08 season, when the school had made the state
playoffs only three times since 1960. After one losing season, Milton became a
national power, attracting transfers to surround Nolte and another home-grown
star, Julian Royal (now at Georgia Tech).

Evans said that the allegations of recruiting were brought to the school
district. She said she did not know who made the allegations.

"Whenever an allegation is made, the school has a responsibility to turn it over
to human resources, and it was during that conversation with HR that Boyd
decided to resign," Evans said.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           January 13, 2005 Thursday
                                Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 524 words


Bar Harbor District Court


Cases Dec. 1-30, 2004

Gregory E. Kolakowski, 49, Mount Desert, driving while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Michael R. Laferriere, 24, Lamoine, assault, jury trial.

Mikja S. Leavitt, 21, Concord, N.H., driving while under influence of
intoxicants; violating condition of release; jury trial.

Earl Little, 39, Veazie, operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked,
$250.

Brandon O. Long, 19, Southwest Harbor, possession of marijuana, $200.

Kerry D. Marino, 18, Princeton, minor transporting liquor, $100, license
suspended 30 days.

Desire A. Martin, 28, Gouldsboro, operating motor vehicle after license
suspension, $250.

Raymond Martin, 32, Steuben, using improper lobster-fishing methods, $350.

Thomas McIntire, 23, Southwest Harbor, three counts violating condition of
release, jail two days each count; driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$500, jail two days, license suspended 90 days; violating condition of release,
jail 48 hours.

Anthony Menzietti, 36, Bass Harbor, two counts criminal trespass; violating
condition of release; violating protective order; dismissed.

Bruce Merchant, 38, Sullivan, violation of gear rule, $250.

Joseph Minnis, 27, Indianapolis, Ind., driving while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Aaron Mitchell-Patrick, 25, Orrington, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $200.

Senath A. Morrill, 26, Old Town, possession of marijuana, $200.

Rina Nadeau, 20, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $200.

Robert A. Nolan, 35, Otter Creek, fishing for or taking shellfish from closed
area, $300; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked, jury trial.

Christopher Perry, 20, Lamoine, possessing lobster beyond minimum or maximum,
$150.

Danielle M. Pinkham, 26, Ellsworth, driving while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Adam C. Redhair, 20, Farmington, N.M., possession of marijuana, $200; sale and
use of drug paraphernalia, $100.

Charles J. Richardson, 45, Bass Harbor, violating protective order, dismissed.

Quentin J. Robinson, 23, Bass Harbor, assault, dismissed.

Kelly Russell, 41, Bass Harbor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $150.

Done Saravong, 35, Bar Harbor, loud and unreasonable noise, $50.

David E. Searles, 38, Plymouth, Conn., operating vehicle without license.

Richard Serrano, no age listed, Highland, Ind., operating vehicle without
license, dismissed.

Cheryl A. Shields, 45, Palm Beach, Fla., operating vehicle without license,
dismissed.

Barry R. Smallidge, 22, Trenton, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Charles C. Steeves, 22, Southwest Harbor, driving while under influence of
intoxicants, $400, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Larry Torrey, 54, Winter Harbor, untagged lobster traps, $100.

Jon H. Turner, 37, Bangor, burglary of motor vehicle; two counts violating
condition of release; all transferred to Superior Court.

Mario P. Vietti, 23, Southwest Harbor, operating motor vehicle after license
suspension, $200.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 2/25/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 611 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Town ship.
DISPOSITIONS
Angel M. Pomales Jr., 928 W. Princess St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
time served.

William J. Krout, 2309 Sunset Circle, Glenville; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
time served.

Eric S. Davis Jr., 336 Leeanne Road, Essex, Md.; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Anthony C. Alfano, 1532 Second Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Anthony S. Lacasse, 123 Beaverwood Lane, Statesville, N.C.; use/possession of
drug paraphernalia, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Edgar Cruz, 304 Stone Ave.; driving under the influence: general impairment,
driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, accident involving injury,
driving under suspension, reckless driving; held for court.

Chad M. Noll, 489 Piedmont Circle; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
suspension, not using low beams; waived to court.

Anita L. Barnes, 403 N. Newberry St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Sharon J. Whitney, 4864 Rocky Road, Glenville; retail theft, conspire to commit
retail theft; held for court.

Shawn M. Gochenaur, 6351 Salem Run Road, Dover; driving under the influence
-minors, failure to stop at red signal, minor prohibited from operating vehicle
with alcohol, underage drinking; waived to court.

Justin W. Sadler, 200 Cecil Parkway, Charleston, Md.; retail theft, robbery;
waived to court.

Philip Kostuck, 4174 St. John Drive, Syracuse, N.Y.; driving under the influence
: general impairment; waived to court.

Dennis B. Kirkland, 525 Dallas St.; retail theft, false identification to law
enforcement; waived to court.

Dustin J. Strine, 2090 Church Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, fleeing or attempting to elude officer, duties at stop signs,
driving unregistered vehicle; waived to court.

Scott S. Thoman, 1908 W. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Nicholas C. Dellis, 7901 Belair Road, Nottingham, Md.;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, conspire
to manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver; held
for court.

Jose M. Rojas Jr., 568 W. Philadelphia St.; fleeing or attempting to elude
officer, recklessly endangering another person, escape, possession of marijuana,
underage drinking, driving under suspension, duties at stop sign; held for
court.

Paul J. Moody, 446 W. Market St.; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia, operate vehicle without valid inspection; waived to court.

Lee Rashim, 279 Kurtz Ave.; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Joshua M. Kline, 1261 Greenwood Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
the influence: controlled substance, distribute small amount of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Trina L. Spicer-Pahulick, 550 Bayberry Drive; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held
for court.

Terrance E. Ragland, 720 W. Market St., Apt. 302; retail theft, false
identification to law enforcement; waived to court.

George A. Ralph Jr., 1140 Detwiler Drive; theft by deception, bad checks; waived
to court.

Stephanie D. Wood, 25B Railwood Ave., York Haven; retail theft; waived to court.

Mindy A. Malkie, 667 Leaf St.; driving under the influence: general impairment,
driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving at safe speed;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 21, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 426 words


Bonner County

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Shelly R. Adair - 24, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Cecil R. Andrews - 47, Hope, failure to appear/trafficking marijuana, $10,000
bond.

Arcadio Mendoza-Rosas - 37, Yakima, failure to comply/delivery of a controlled
substance, $1,170 bond.

Hugh C. Nickolisen - 35, San Diego, Calif., rape, $50,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Jason L. Allen - 32, Sandpoint, failure to comply/use of telephone to
terrify/harass, insufficient funds check fraud, $17,500 bond.

William D. Alsup - 35, Sandpoint, failure to comply/criminal trespass, $1,000
bond.

Rok T. Bass - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
driving under the influence, $2,390 bond.

Robert L. Bennett Jr. - 62, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/driving under
the influence, $49 bond.

Bruce W. Bernard - 49, Franklin, Wis., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, 10 days in jail.

Kenneth L. Betts - 50, Spokane, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
unlawful use of a driver's license, two days in jail.

Ryan J. Biers - 24, Phoenix,  failure to comply/theft of labor/use of services,
$2,000 bond.

Jimmy J. Blackburn - 23, Spokane, failure to comply/resisting/obstructing
officers, $750 bond.

Danelle J. Bonagofski - 39, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $5,200 bond.

Keith A. Brown - 46, Hope, failure to appear/driver's license or commercial
license violation, grand theft, $105,000 bond.

Wendy Euse - 50, Oldtown, failure to comply/driver's license or commercial
license violation, $1,500 bond.

Andrew J. Goss - 23, Spokane, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $1,500 bond.

Steven L. Mills - 24, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, $5,000 bond.

Gary L. Newton Jr. - 44, Careywood, failure to appear/evidentiary hearing-civil
motion for contempt, $5,000 bond.

Aaron S. Nichols - 31, Kalispell, Mont., failure to appear/possession of
controlled substance, driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 23, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SPORTS PEOPLE;
A Little Incoherent

SECTION: Section 5; Page 6, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 152 words


HE didn't have any drugs on him and he wasn't creating a disturbance, but in
California it is a crime simply to be under the influence of a controlled
substance. The police in Brea, Calif., said they discovered Charles White, the
Los Angeles Rams' running back, wandering around a shopping center carrying a
trash can lid and speaking incoherently Friday night. They concluded he was
under the influence of a chemical agent and arrested him.

White, a Heisman Trophy winner from Southern Cal who played for the Cleveland
Browns before joining the Rams, was taken to a local hospital, where, the police
said, he recovered his faculties and was ''very apologetic.'' He was then booked
for being under the influence of a controlled substance, a misdemeanor, and
released to Rams officials. He is scheduled for a court appearance Sept. 23. The
Rams last night said White had been placed under a doctor's care.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Charles White of the Rams was arrested Friday night and
charged with being under the influence of a controlled substance, a misdemeanor.
(AP)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            February 5, 2017 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

THE BEST WAY TO INFLUENCE YOUR LEADERS;
OUR VIEW: VOTE, CALL, WRITE, VISIT AND GET INVOLVED;
EDITORIAL

BYLINE:  Wisconsin State Journal editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 650 words


The election isn't over.

It's just beginning.

Wisconsin's spring primary is only two weeks away on Feb. 21, followed by the
April 4 election.

If you want to influence your leaders, vote. Far too many people fail to cast
ballots if the White House or governor's office isn't at stake. Local elections
and the candidates who win will influence your community and state, which
influences Washington. So don't skip this opportunity.

Voters this spring will pick a state school superintendent and local school
board members with lots of say over public education here.

Voting will influence even those elected officials who aren't on the spring
ballot. That's because every election sends a message about the mood of the
electorate.

About 75,000 to 100,000 people packed the Capitol Square in Madison Jan. 21 ?
the day after President Trump's inauguration ? as part of a global Women's
March. It was an impressive show of people power. Yet if that many people showed
up at the polls in Dane County Feb. 21, it would shatter the record for turnout
and easily decide who wins.

Public demonstrations have the potential to change history. Yet giant protests
at the statehouse in 2011 failed to stop Gov. Scott Walker's union restrictions
and helped turn him into a national conservative hero.

Below is contact information for Wisconsin's congressional delegation. Call your
representatives with your concerns. Send a personal letter. Or better yet,
attend a town hall meeting or district office hours to visit with them in
person. Be polite, succinct and sincere.

Follow your representatives on social media and comment on what they post.

Join a group. Donate to causes or candidates. Volunteer for campaigns or run for
public office yourself.

Read the newspaper to stay well informed, and write a letter to the editor.

Harness the power you have locally to impact your community and world.

CONTACT YOUR LEADERS

U.S. SEN. RON JOHNSON

328 Hart Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510

202-224-5323

414-276-7282

920-230-7250

bit.ly/ContactRon

www.facebook.com/senronjohnson

@SenRonJohnson

U.S. SEN. TAMMY BALDWIN

717 Hart Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510

800-247-5645

202-224-5653

608-264-5338

www.baldwin.senate.gov/feedback

www.facebook.com/senatortammybaldwin

@SenatorBaldwin

HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN

1st Congressional District

1233 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-3031

608-752-4050

www.paulryan.house.gov/contact

www.facebook.com/speakerryan

@SpeakerRyan

U.S. REP. MARK POCAN

2nd Congressional District

1421 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-2906

608-258-9800

608-365-8001

www.pocan.house.gov/contact

www.facebook.com/repmarkpocan

@repmarkpocan

U.S. REP. RON KIND

3rd Congressional District

1502 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-5506

608-782-2558

715-831-9214

www.kind.house.gov/contact

www.facebook.com/repronkind

@RepRonKind

U.S. REP. GWEN MOORE

4th Congressional District

2252 Rayburn House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-4572

414-297-1140

www.gwenmoore.house.gov

www.facebook.com/GwenSMoore

@RepGwenMoore

U.S. REP. JIM SENSENBRENNER

5th Congressional District

2449 Rayburn House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515-4905

202-225-5101

262-784-1111

www.sensenbrenner.house.gov

www.facebook.com/RepSensenbrenner

@JimPressOffice

U.S. REP. GLENN GROTHMAN

6th Congressional District

1217 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-2476

920-907-0624

www.grothman.house.gov/contact

www.facebook.com/RepGrothman

@RepGrothman

U.S. REP. SEAN DUFFY

7th Congressional District

2330 Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-3365

855-585-4251

715-298-9344

www.duffy.house.gov/contact

www.facebook.com/RepSeanDuffy

@RepSeanDuffy

U.S. REP. MIKE GALLAGHER

8th Congressional District

1007 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515

202-225-5665

920-380-0061

www.gallagher.house.gov/contact

www.facebook.com/RepMikeGallagher

@RepGallagher

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

The long shadow of Bernie Sanders

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 514 words


Bernie Sanders is a long shot still, but his influence is becoming, as he would
say in his trademark Brooklyn growl, "Yuge." The septuagenarian socialist
senator from Vermont is running to be the Democratic party candidate for
President of the United States. He has surprised everyone with his enormous
following.

It is not really so surprising, though, when one pays attention to what has
happened in the United States of America. Notwithstanding that it is still a
nation of enormous influence and wealth, America is experiencing seismic change.

Its government policies have become steadily more right-wing for decades,
despite the recent moderating influence of President Barack Obama. A crippling
recession, caused largely by Wall Street and big banks, have created structural
unemployment; there are 7.8 million unemployed in the United States, but another
six million work part-time because they can't find a full-time job. Meanwhile,
years of war in the Middle East have sucked resources, energy and morale from
the country.

Many Americans have responded to this by turning against politicians who are
seen to be part of the monied establishment that got them into this mess. Two
outsider candidates have emerged as popular favourites: Donald Trump for the
Republicans, a right-wing populist who is widely admired no matter how vulgar or
ill-informed his comments, simply because he is too rich to be bought by anyone;
and Sanders for the Democrats, a left-wing populist hero who proudly states that
he takes no money from monied elites or political action committees, and he
therefore can speak his own truth.

Sanders' enormous appeal among younger voters is a result of his genuine moral
outrage that high student debt and low job prospects are damaging a generation
of young people thanks to callous mistakes made by the elite. His cure is
many-pronged, and it resonates: It includes a higher minimum wage, guaranteed
universal health care, free tuition at publicly funded colleges and
universities, and a breaking up of the big banks. Especially regarding health
care, many Canadians will be able to relate positively to these proposals.

Sanders and his rival, Hillary Clinton, were in a dead heat in the Iowa
caucuses, and Sanders easily beat Clinton in the New Hampshire primary earlier
this month. This buoyed his supporters. From now on, though, his path will take
him uphill. The upcoming Nevada and South Carolina primaries involve a much
different demographic mix than New England and the Midwest, and Clinton is
extremely popular with African-American voters. Sanders' chances of taking the
Democratic party nomination are still minimal.

But in politics, winning isn't only about the battle. It's also about the war.
Sanders' massive popular appeal has been a lesson to the pragmatic,
ideologically flexible Clinton. His presence in the race can and must pull her
more to the left of centre, toward the best interests of ordinary people and
away from those of the establishment. That's good for our American friends, no
matter who moves into the White House a year from now.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              March 3, 2008 Monday

Crime Watch for 03/03/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Jason A. McDaniel, 2589 Audlyn Drive; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Scott A. Failor II, 3147 Honey Run Road; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Brian Aungst, 301 W. Allegheny St., Martinsburg; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jacob A. Clingan, 300 Bowman Road; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Derek M. Wiedman, 2295 Sycamore Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Candice E. Cooper, 605 Maryland Ave.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Jennifer J. Smart, 4599 Bentz Road, Spring Grove; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kenneth R. Smith, 1917 Woodstream Drive; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Jared T. Geiger, 391 Holbrook Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Daniel A. Winter Jr., 81 Governors Place; underage drinking; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Jason A. McDaniel, 2589 Audlyn Drive; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Gregory L. Stambaugh, 2040 Lycan Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, duties at stop
sign, careless driving; held for court.

Ryan S. Kohler, 20 Pine Drive, Manchester; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Kevin Danahue, 3311 Fox Run Road, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Jeffrey J. Clements, 951 N. Queen St.; retail theft; held for court.

Bruce E. Edwards, 308 S. Pershing Ave., Apt. D; retail theft; waived to court.

Chad A. Koontz, 932 W. Princess St., second floor; intent to possess controlled
substance; waived to court.

Jonelle F. Grim, 143 E. College Ave.; intent to possess controlled substance,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Ronald W. Lake, 729 W. Poplar St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Arthur L. Lafavor, 3600 Alpine St., Huntsville, Ala.; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           October 11, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 10/11/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg township,; Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Zachary L. Shaub, 2331 Locust Road, Dover; driving under the influence, driving
under suspension, no insurance; held for court in absentia.

Joseph Edward Anderson, 4589 Mars Drive, Manchester, Md.; fleeing/eluding
police, registration and certificate of title required, no insurance, protective
equipment for motorcycle riders; waived to court.

Steven Tipton, 1317 Warehime Road, Westminster, Md.; manufacture of controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Robert F. Held, 3769 Eagle Ridge Court, Hanover; driving under the influence;
alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Thomas Hackenberg, 5041 Waltersdorff Road, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Jeremy L. Henry, 5177 Hillclimb Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Jesse A. Raines, c/o York County Prison; statutory sexual assault, aggravated
indecent assault, corruption of minors; waived to court.

Chelsey Ritchey, 90 Mobile Drive, Thomasville; criminal mischief; waived to
court.

Robert W. Lowe, 120 Zachary Drive, Hanover; criminal mischief; held for court in
absentia.

Lisa G. Della, 6644 Manheim Road, Glenville; worthless check; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Candance Altland, 2120 Slagel Road, Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded guilty,
scheduled to pay fine and costs.

Juvenile, Hanover; fishing without a license; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Kelly L. Walls, 1795 Rocky Road, Dover; fishing without a license; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Juvenile, Hanover; fishing without a license; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Jonathan T. Reichard, 543 Poplar St., Hanover; fishing without a license;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Steven E. Webb, 1329 Old Westminster Pike, Westminster, Md.; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Juvenile, Glen Rock; criminal trespass; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Mary E. Hayward, 6684 Fair School Road, Glen Rock; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jonathan W. Asbury, 442 Ridgeford Road, Dallastown; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

William F. Breighner, 2665 Jefferson Road, Spring Grove; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Michael K. Smithson, 770 E. Berlin Road, York Springs; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Craig R. Brennan, 2969 Solar Drive, Dover; general boating regulations; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.
---
District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chanceford and Peach
Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
Juvenile, 905 Front St., Delta; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor or malt or brewed beverages; pleaded guilty.

Danielle Grabowski, 235 Locut Ave., Wilmington, Del.; criminal trespass; pleaded
guilty.

Christopher Pyle, 3843 Wrange Hill Road, Bear, Del.; criminal trespass; pleaded
guilty.

Juvenile; 71 Meadow Trail, Delta; harassment; pleaded guilty.
---
District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Earl A. McCloud, 864 Gunnison Road; harassment; pleaded guilty, time served.

Brittney L. Diehl, 194 Shawnee Ave., Dover; theft of services; pleaded guilty,
paid fine, costs and restitution.

Ryan H. Armstead, 1348 Wicklow Drive; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Wesley W. Schultz, 162 Camelot Arms; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

George A. McCleary Jr., 2012 Filbert St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                               May 6, 2005 Friday

On the Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 379 words


COURT NOTES

MCLEAN COUNTY

DUIs

Alcohol - Jeremy R. Frazier, 26, of Larry Court, Normal, fined $600, DUI fine of
$500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the
influence of alcohol; fined $750 for operating an uninsured motor vehicle; and
conviction for driving while driver's license suspended. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Andre W. Tucker, 46, of Long Cove Court, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI
fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under
the influence of alcohol. Recommended treatment completed.

Alcohol - Brett D. Paddor, 22, West Hollywood, Calif., fined $600, DUI fine of
$500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the
influence of alcohol. Recommended treatment completed.

Alcohol - William H. Jacobs, 22, of Canada Lane, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI
fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under
the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Terry P. Holland, 25, Chicago, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Nick L. Bauer, 23, of Brickyard Drive, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI
fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under
the influence of alcohol; and conviction for failure to signal when required.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Sasha S. Mays, 22, Watseka, fined $300, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - James P. Callaway, 39, Peoria, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and 30 days in jail, stayed
pending review hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - John A. Echols, 43, Robbins, fined $100, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of conditional discharge for driving under the influence
of alcohol; fined $500 for operating an uninsured motor vehicle; and conviction
for driving while driver's license suspended. Must complete recommended
treatment and 100 hours of community service.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 26, 1991, Saturday, City Edition

"Black influence' district considered for Tampa Bay

BYLINE: JOHN D. McKINNON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 609 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



A state legislator on Friday raised the prospect of carving out a new
congressional district for Tampa Bay that would be designed to give a black
candidate a better chance to win in 1992.

    Unlike many other Southern states, Florida has elected no black members of
Congress in recent years. National and regional civil rights groups are
impatient with the lack of success by blacks in Florida. They say the 1992
redistricting represents an unprecedented opportunity.

    The state Legislature conducts redistricting of legislative and
congressional seats every 10 years after the census.

    Once all the 1990 census data is in, Florida legislators might consider
whether enough blacks live in the Tampa Bay area to justify creation of a
so-called "black influence" congressional district, Rep. Peter Deutsch,
D-Tamarac, said Friday. Analysts say black influence districts might be required
under the federal Voting Rights Act if they can be drawn to contain at least 30
to 40 percent black residents.

     Deutsch said pressure for black-access districts could come from within the
Legislature itself. "I think maybe it's the right thing to do," said Deutsch,
who is a member of the House Reapportionment Committee. He is chairman of its
congressional subcommittee.

    In addition to the Tampa area, Jacksonville and Miami also could be
considered for black influence districts, Deutsch said. The most likely of the
three areas to be considered for a black influence district appears to be the
Miami area, where it might be possible to create a black-majority congressional
district.

    Rep. Peter Rudy Wallace, D-St. Petersburg, the chairman of the House
Reapportionment Committee, warned that it's unlikely a black influence district
could be created in Tampa Bay.

    "I think under the best of circumstances it would be difficult in Tampa Bay"
to create a black influence district, Wallace said.

    Florida will gain four congressional seats based on the 1990 census,
bringing its total to 23. "Our citizens can fairly expect some black
representation in that delegation," Wallace said.

    The main problem in Tampa Bay, according to Wallace, is the numbers.

    "Congressional districts are going to be large, and the black communities,
while concentrated, are not that large," Wallace said.  Congressional districts
will contain about 562,000 people following the 1992 redistricting.

    Hillsborough County has about 118,000 black residents, according to a recent
projection probably not enough to reach the threshold.

    Pinellas County has about 68,000 black residents. But the political
difficulties of creating a congressional district combining parts of the two
counties would be substantial, Wallace said.

    State Rep. James Hargrett, D-Tampa, another member of the Reapportionment
Committee, said electing blacks to Congress is a worthwhile goal.

       "If we have congresspersons who are minorities from Florida, that
enhances the opportunities for all of us," Hargrett said.  "Access is healthy
for the body politic."

    But Hargrett, who is black, said he is happy serving in the Florida
Legislature and has no plans to seek a seat in Congress.

    Hargrett agreed that the difficulties of creating a black influence district
in Tampa Bay would be considerable. He said he thinks one of the primary
objectives in congressional redistricting for Tampa is protecting the seat
occupied by Democratic U.S. Rep. Sam Gibbons.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 5, 2007 Monday

More Crime Watch for 11/05/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1049 words


District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Richard E. Domenech, 932 West Penn Grant Road, Willow Street; driving under the
influence: high rate of alcohol, disregard traffic control device; waived to
court.

Ricky L. Zortman, 43 Royal Court at Waterford; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
driving under the influence: controlled substance-combination of alcohol/drugs,
driving under the influence: controlled substance/metabolite, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Anthony C. Muscarelli, 39 E. Jackson St.; bad checks, theft by deception; waived
to court.

Zeppelyn Allen Hornberger, 128 Ambleside Drive; possession of small amount of
marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Trevor H. Stover, 1385 Hamilton St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Hector Luis DeJesus-Sabat er, 801 Pennsylvania Ave., second floor; theft by
unlawful taking/disposition, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Jamie Edward Halk, 67 Rolling Hills Estate, Columbia; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment;
waived to court.

Jose Rafael Diaz-Colon, 519 Walnut St., first floor; retail theft, false
identification to law enforcement authorities; waived to court.

Andrew David Clark, 511 Green Meadow Drive, Dallastown; accidents involving
damage to attended vehicle/property, driving on roadways laned for traffic;
waived to court.

Liz Marie Gonzalez-Rosado, 300 N. West St., Apt. C; retail theft; waived to
court.

Morgan Lacey Lucas, 340-B Friendship Ave.; possession of small amount of
marijuana; waived to court.

Michael Todd Wells, 2685 Carnegie Road, T-2; marijuana-small amount for personal
use, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Michael P. McElhenny, 1027 E. Market St., first floor; marijuana-small amount
for personal use, driving under the influence: general impairment, driving under
the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Seneka Chakay Jamison, 1192 Caspian Drive; simple assault; held for court.

Jessica S. Payne, 175 Farm Lane, Manchester; conspire-retail theft, possession
with intent to deliver marijuana, possession with intent to deliver ecstasy,
possession with intent to deliver morphine; waived to court.

Jill A. Johnson, 124 Ambleside Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held for
court.

William R. Kurtz, 914 Clayton Ave.; retail theft; waived to court.

Tonya M. Saxman, 4066 Old Orchard Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Shannon M. Gentzler, 52 N. Water St., York New Salem; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

James R. Settle II, 630 Walnut St., Columbia; driving under the influence: high
rate of alcohol; held for court.

Liza Esther Mercado Rivera, 612 E. Market St., second floor; retail theft;
waived to court.

Annette C. Linares, 520 N. Pershing Ave.; retail theft; waived to court.

Keith A. Rohrer Sr., 3 Longstown Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, maximum speed
limits, driving under suspension-driving under the influence related, habitual
offenders; held for court.

Kevin R. Cowie, 6250 Mockingbird Lane; simple assault, harassment; held for
court.

Chad M. Moser, 123 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Ricky L. Wilson, 90 W. Locust Lane; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, recklessly endangering another person, improper use of
learner's permit-motorcycle, not wearing proper headgear on motorcycle; waived
to court.

Nicole Lynn Bunsick, 1743 Filbert St.; theft by deception, bad checks; waived to
court.

Christopher David Meech, 3715 Ady Road, Street, Md.; driving under the influence
: general impairment; waived to court.

Traci Jo Andrus, 111 Evergreen Road, Blanchard; theft by deception-false
impression, retail theft; waived to court.

Brenda M. Gonzalez (a.k.a.) Brenda Alvarez, c/o York County Prison; possession
of drug paraphernalia, false identification to law enforcement authorities,
drivers required to be licensed; waived to court.

Sabrina T. Lofton, c/o York County Prison; forgery, criminal attempt to commit
theft by deception, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to court.

Richard D. Tesch, c/o York County Prison; retail theft; waived to court.

Israel West, 683 Florida Ave.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
purchase, consumption, possession or transportation of liquor or malt or brewed
beverages by a minor; waived to court.

Jonathan Mendez, 325 Laurel St., Lancaster; marijuana-small amount for personal
use, purchase, consumption, possession or transportation of liquor or malt or
brewed beverages by a minor; waived to court.

Kevin Mendez, 609 N. Queen St., Lancaster; marijuana-small amount for personal
use, purchase, consumption, possession or transportation of liquor or malt or
brewed beverages by a minor; waived to court.

Shane A. Eckert, c/o York County Prison; access device fraud-issued to another,
identity theft, criminal attempt-access device fraud, criminal attempt-identity
theft, access device fraud-counterfeit-altered, criminal attempt-access device
fraud; waived to court.

Cindy Caraballo-Muniz, 253 E. College Ave., Apt. 1; retail theft; waived to
court.

Rosa M. Curet Rivera, 612 E. Market St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Amanda N. Brannon, 29 N. Main St., Apt. 2, Dover; retail theft, false
identification to law enforcement officers; waived to court.

Richard L. Gibson, c/o York County Prison; possession of crack cocaine, public
drunkenness; waived to court.

Christine M. Clancy, 680 Chestnut St.; possession of controlled substance (crack
cocaine), public drunkenness; held for court.

Jason Thomas Streamer, 224 N. George St., third floor; retail theft; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 20, 2006 Friday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam town
ships; Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Jessica Lynn Apple, 1536 Elrino St., Baltimore, Md.; possession of small amount
of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Michelle Renee Judy, 501 S. Harlan St.; criminal mischief, harassment; waived to
court.

Valentino Elmando Henderson, 1320 Canterbury Lane; possession with intent to
deliver cocaine; held for court.

Theresa M. Smith, 3104 Galaxy Road, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, illegally
operating motor vehicle not equipped with ignition interlock; waived to court.

Guy Ervin Hoffman, 810 Kelly Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving on
roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Patrick Charles Stahle, 305 E. Cottage Place; retail theft; waived to court.

Todd William Shultz, 256 N. Seward St.; theft by unlawful taking/disposition;
waived to court.

Diann L. Reynolds, 40 River Road, Airville; retail theft; held for court. (in
absentia)

George E. Mummert, 556 Pennsylvania Ave.; bad checks; waived to court.

Michael S. Krug, 410 Jefferson Drive, No. 202, Deerfield Beach, Fla.; driving
under the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving on roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Dorian Aaron Rhodes, 4034 Sandra Drive; criminal trespass, public drunkenness;
waived to court.

Jaimee Smeal, 504 Circle Drive, Wrightsville; bad checks; waived to court.

Jessica Marie Schopf, 1825 Quarry Drive, Columbia; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Migdalia Torres, 124 Coral St., Lancaster; criminal conspiracy, retail theft;
held for court.

John Lewis, 160 Oak Ridge Drive; harassment; waived to court.

Clifton R. Dixon Jr., 2928 Village Square Drive, Dover; retail theft; waived to
court.

Jeremy H. Klunk, 3783 Stonybrook Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving under the
influence: controlled substance, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, first offense, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of alcohol/drugs, first offense; waived to court.

Natosha Lynne Frantz, 34 Whitcraft Lane, Shrewsbury; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol;
waived to court.

Peter Ignatius Hahn, 121 South Second St., Columbia; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol,
careless driving; waived to court.

Brian Eric Johnston, 1888 Filbert St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Shanna Rae Eaton, 28 McAllister St., Hanover; possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court. (in absentia)

William E. Payton III, 493 Kreutz Creek Ave.; prohibited offensive weapons,
terroristic threats, simple assault, harassment, disorderly conduct, public
drunkenness; waived to court.

Travis Raymond Cushman, 1162 Haines Road, Room No. 135; possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court. (in absentia)

Benito Perez, 130 Hellam St., Wrightsville; simple assault, harassment, public
drunkenness; waived to court.

Carmen Aguilar, 13 Elm Lane, New Oxford; retail theft; waived to court.

James R. Strunk, 100 S. Broad St., Hellam; accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property; waived to court.

Rafael Antonio Molina Jr., 5 Mill St.; unlawful delivery of cocaine, possession
with intent to deliver cocaine; waived to court.

Franksuas Torres-Roche, 124 Coral St., No. 2, Lancaster; criminal conspiracy,
retail theft; held for court.

Jorge Luis Torres, 124 Coral St., No. 2, Lancaster; criminal conspiracy, retail
theft; held for court.

Lonnie E. Wise, 40 Fairmount Ave., Manchester; theft by deception; held for
court. (in absentia)

Michael A. McWilliams, 169 Coventry at Waterford; failure to comply with
registration of sexual offenders required; held for court. (in absentia)

Eric Steven Ritter, 454 Maple St., Apt. A, Manchester; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Melvin Leroy Eberwein III, 740 Haines Road; receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Christopher N. Siegrist, 4019 Holly Drive, Columbia; retail theft; waived to
court.

Michael Joseph Warner, 2 Circle Drive, Wrightsville; possession of controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Fearless Entertainment

                                10711 W Outer Dr
                               Detroit,  MI 48223
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (313) 799-3682
URL: www.fearlessentertainment.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Fearless Entertainment is a promotions company that hosts urban &
contemporary gospel shows aimed at reaching a wide audience. Our goal is to
encourage people to change their musical influences through hosting hot, banging
shows, through being a continual resource for highlighting good new music, and
by offering workshops to give details on the importance of managing musical
influences given it's potential impact on our day-to-day lives.  Our desire is
to not only to have outreach to those who don't know Christ through music but
also provide "in-reach" to those in the church as there are a lot of people who
serve God on Sundays but listen to music with ungodly lyrics Monday through
Saturday for their entertainment. We believe that there is a lot of good music
that is entertaining and edifying at the same time such that people in the
church can remove those negative musical influences from their lives and still
enjoy their music Monday through Saturday.  We talk about musical influence as
we believe that all music affects us one way or another. It affects some people
more and some less. Uptempo music might influence us to get into our workout
routine while slow music might influence us to want to dance with our
significant other. We believe that the more people at-large listen to music with
edifying and Godly lyrics, their influences will be better and their ability to
live for God becomes easier, particularly for teens and young adults.  * What
ignited the spark in you to

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 28, 2008 Monday

Crime Watch for 04/14/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Scott Edward Schy mansky, 25 Violet Drive, Hanover; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; tobacco prohibited on school property; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Shari E. Gaspin, 59 Steelman Market Road, Fairfield; parking prohibited in
specified places; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; PA Fish and Boat Commission; rules and regulations; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; PA Fish and Boat Commission; fishing without a license;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

David Megenhardt, 999 Bankard Road, Hanover; transportation into state without a
health certificate from a veterinarian; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

David Megenhardt, 999 Bankard Road, Hanover; confinement of dogs; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

David Megenhardt, 999 Bankard Road, Hanover; application for dog licenses;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Mary Demario, 61 Blooming Grove Road, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Wendy R. Dulieu, 6172 Hoffacker Road, Glenville; school law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.
---
District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Spring ettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Luis E. Lopez, 721 E. Prospect St., first floor; bad checks (summary), bad
checks (court case), waived to court.

Luke Muir Miller, 27 S. Harlan St., marijuana-small amount for personal use,
possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Stacie Carissa Johnson, 25-A Locust Grove Road, marijuana-small amount for
personal use, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Clinton A. Decker, 1800 North Hills Road, #307; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Terry D. Taylor, 927 S. Queen St.; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Philip T. Brooks, 181 First Ave., Red Lion; simple assault, disorderly conduct;
held for court.

Luis Antonio Rodriguez, 43 W. Vine St., Lancaster; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, driving under suspension, disregard traffic control
device, careless driving; waived to court.

Clifton Brice Forbes, 1101 Appleton St., Baltimore, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Lonny A. Link, 20 Woodland Drive, Jacobus; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, period for
requiring lighted lamps; held for court.

Kelvin S. Corcino, 258 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, disregard traffic
control device; waived to court.

Michael P. McElhenny, 1027 E. Market St., first floor; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to court.

Katiria Maldonado-Davil, 920 Plane St., Apt. 4304, Columbia; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Denise M. Wolf, 118 S. Walnut St., Dallastown; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
maximum speed limits; waived to court.

Donald E. Hoskins, 1408 N. Queen St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held for
court.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 04/20/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Christine Coggeshall, 418 Sarah Woods Drive, Red Lion; snow and ice removal;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Thomas Plitt, 7872 Mansion House Crossing, Pasadena, MD; snow and ice removal;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Eric Westfhal, 1251 W. Princess St.; snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Eric Hake, 10696 Spring Road, Red Lion; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Russell Brooks, 305 Lorraine Ave., Baltimore, MD; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Jerry D. Eady, 1038 Edison St.; possession with intent to deliver, possession of
firearms, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Hector L. Alvarado-Ortiz, 24 N. Broad St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under suspension, traffic control signals, one way
roadway; held for court.

Clifford Peck Jr., 1233 W. King St.; criminal conspiracy, robbery, receiving
stolen property; held for court.

Annette Quinones, 357 W. Philadelphia St.; harassment; held for court.

Leroy Kirkland, 322 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving on roadways laned for traffic;
held for court.

Desiree Becker, 1255 W. Princess St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Gersain Gallegos-Robles, 130 Breckenridge St., Gettysburg; driving under the
influence: general impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, unregistered vehicle, driving without
insurance, driving without a license, registration of improper vehicle; held for
court.

George Green, 8 Strassburg Circle, Shrewsbury; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   St. Clair News-Aegis (Pell City, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Singer/songwriter Ron Dometrovich to perform concert in Pell City Wednesday

BYLINE: St. Clair News-Aegis, Pell City, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


July 12--PELL CITY -- On Wednesday, July 18, the Pell City Library will welcome
acoustic guitarist and singer/songwriter Ron Dometrovich for a solo performance
at his acoustic guitar. Dometrovich relies on acoustic fingerstyle guitar,
drawing on stylistic influences from folk, bluegrass, country and rock to
deliver a performance sure to be a crowd-pleaser.   Dometrovich's music is
described by noted songwriter, Austin Church as "very listenable . . . he paints
pictures with his music."  (Music aficionados may recall Church for his work
with such noted recording artists as, Del Reeves, Lyle Lovett, and Jimmy
Buffett.)  Dometrovich's music sometimes tells a story, complete with characters
and plot twists, or it might be a soulful rendition of an old favorite, but
whatever he plays, one can expect it to be a real pleasure, both vocally and
instrumentally.

Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Ron moved with his family to the Deep South at
an early age, following a brief stay in Brisbane, Australia.  He has worked in
various musical theatre productions, both in the orchestra pit and onstage, and
he acknowledges the influence of this genre on his style, as well as the
influence of his exposure to various cultures during his formative years.
Orchestra credits include such productions as Grease, Jekyll and Hyde the
musical, HAIR, Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, Little Shop of Horrors, and
Jason Brown's The Last Five Years.  He also performed as orchestra guitarist in
the non-equity debut of Gilligan's Island, the Musical.  He has played at such
venues as at the 2008 Birmingham Area Music Awards, the Frank Brown
International Songwriter's Festival on the Gulf Coast, Birmingham's City Stages
(2006 and 2007), Birmingham's Pepper Place, Springville's Local Color Cafe, as
well as on radio including performances and interviews on "Writer's Block,"
WDVX, 102.9 in Knoxville, Tennessee and "Tapestry" airing over 90.3 WBHM in
Birmingham, Alabama's NPR affiliate.  He was also nominated for a 2008
Birmingham Music Area Award in the Americana category.

Dometrovich will entertain the library's ongoing Wild & Wonderful Wednesday
series, and this event will be the kickoff for the library's 2012 Adult Summer
Reading Program.  Adults and teens (eighteen and older) will have the
opportunity to sign up for this annual program, which will offer participants
the chance to win fantastic prizes at weekly drawings, and the chance to win a
grand prize at the finale in August, simply by registering and reading the books
that they choose and enjoy.  Don't miss the fun, and the chance to win, simply
by registering and reading at your Pell City Library!

The concert featuring Mr. Dometrovich is free and open to the public, and all
are invited to attend, even if they were unable to participate in the reading
portion of the summer program.  Be sure to mark your calendar for Wednesday,
July 18th at 12:00 p.m. for the concert promises to be one of the highlights of
the summer at the Pell City Library and something that you will not want to
miss.

___ (c)2012 the St. Clair News-Aegis (Pell City, Ala.) Visit the St. Clair
News-Aegis (Pell City, Ala.) at www.newsaegis.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120712-ZE-Singer-songwriter-Ron-Dometrovich-to-perform-concert-in-Pell-City-We
dnesday-0712-20120712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZE


                      Copyright 2012 St. Clair News-Aegis


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: ; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 533 words


JURISPRUDENCE

Wambach arrested

on DUI charge

Retired World Cup soccer champion Abby Wambach was arrested in Portland, Ore.,
late Saturday for investigation of driving under the influence.

Portland police Sgt. Peter Simpson said in a statement Sunday that a sergeant
stopped the 35-year-old after she reportedly ran a red light in her Range Rover
near downtown.

Simpson says Wambach failed field sobriety tests and was arrested. He says she
also failed a breath test at the police precinct.

Wambach, who lives in Portland, was booked into Multnomah County Jail early
Sunday on a charge of Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicants (DUII) -
Alcohol. Jail booking records show she was released Sunday on her own
recognizance.

Wambach is the leading career scorer - male or female - in international soccer
with 184 career goals. She retired in December after 15 years with the U.S.
women's national team.

She issued a statement on her Facebook page on Sunday morning, writing she was
arrested as she was returning home from dinner at a friend's house.

The PortlandPoliceBureau said Wambach was "polite and cooperative throughout the
investigation."

Heisman winner in 2006 arrested: Former Ohio State quarterback and Heisman
winner Troy Smith was arrested Sunday on charges of driving under the influence
and marijuana possession.

According to Westerville (Ohio) Police, Smith was pulled over around 2:30 a.m.
after an officer noticed his car didn't have a front license plate and then was
seen swerving.

Smith, 31, was charged with operating a vehicle under the influence, possession
of marijuana and improper display of a license plate. He was released to his
girlfriend pending a hearing in Westerville mayor's court on Wednesday.

COLLEGE BASKETBALL

Oklahoma's Hield

wins Naismith award

Oklahoma's Buddy Hield has been named the Naismith men's Player of the Year. The
award was announced Sunday, the day after Hield and OU lost to Villanova in the
Final Four of the NCAA Tournament.

Hield averaged 25 points per game during the season and had 12 30-point games.
He was also named the Big 12 Player of the Year for the second consecutive
season.

He's the second Sooner to receive the award after Blake Griffin was honored in
2009.

Duke: Coach Mike Krzyzewski underwent successful total left knee replacement
surgery Sunday morning at Duke University Hospital in Durham, N.C., the school
announced.

Krzyzewski could be released from the hospital within three days and then will
begin a rehabilitation program at Duke. He will coach the U.S. team this August
at the Rio Olympics.

Krzyzewski had his left hip replaced in 1999 and his right hip in 2002.

TENNIS

Djokovic repeats as Miami Open champ

Novak Djokovic won a record-tying sixth Key Biscayne title and his third in a
row, beating Kei Nishikori 6-3, 6-3 in the Miami Open final.

The top-ranked Djokovic improved to 28-1 this year. His only loss came when he
retired during his quarterfinal against Feliciano Lopez in Dubai with an eye
infection.

Djokovic won his 28th ATP Masters title, breaking the record he shared with
Rafael Nadal, and won both Indian Wells and the Miami Open for the third year in
a row. He tied Andre Agassi's record of six men's titles at Key Biscayne.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 21, 2005 Wednesday
                          State Edition; Final Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 565 words


Dover-Foxcroft District Court


Cases July 21-Aug. 22, 2005

James R. Atkins, 40, Lewiston, violating fishing rule, $100.

Chris Badger, 34, Sebec, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Robert Bailey III, 18, Wellington, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Carmen R. Bernardini, 19, Millinocket, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Benjamin T. Bishop, 20, St. Albans, violating fishing rule, $100.

Tiffany L. Bishop, 20, Milo, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Kevin Black, 27, Milo, assault, jail seven days; violating condition of release,
$250; criminal mischief, $200; refusing to sign criminal summons, $100.

Joshua L. Blanchard, 18, Medford, fishing without valid license, $100.

Shawn A. Botson, 20, Dover-Foxcroft, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $500; violating condition of release, $250.

Lisa A. Bourget, 40, Sangerville, allow minor to possess or consume liquor, jail
48 hours; violating condition of release, jail 48 hours; operating motor vehicle
while under the influence of intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended
90 days.

Peter M. Brown, 38, Hampden, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer;
harassment by interference with taking; jury trial.

Johanna Buck, 39, Brownville, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

John T. Bullen, 43, York, fish violation of number, amount, weight or size,
$120.

Jared L. Buzzell, 27, Portland, fishing without valid license, $100.

Katie Carter, 26, Surry, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Diana Chadrawi, 47, Dover-Foxcroft, negotiating worthless instrument, dismissed.

Glenn M. Charles, 39, Corinna, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $750, jail 15 days, license suspended 18 months; operate motor
vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $250.

Donald D. Cianci Jr., 34, Atkinson, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Paul W. Conlogue, 27, Brownville Junction, operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $600, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days;
speeding 30 plus mph more than posted speed, $350.

Shane A. Cookson, 17, Bangor, speeding 30 plus mph more than posted speed, $300.

Johnny Cruz, 17, Pawtucket, R.I., operating vehicle without license, $150.

Steven J. Cyr, 18, Millinocket, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Richard V. Czoper, no age listed, Greenville, operating/permitting operation of
unregistered motorboat, $100.

Jamie N. Damon, 28, Milo, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500.

Trevey Adams Davis, 18, Hope, speeding 30 plus mph more than posted speed, $400.

Jeffrey F. Decastra, 25, New Bedford, Mass., operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $500; operating vehicle without license, $150.

Ashley R. Decesere, 18, Millinocket, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Tyler C. Doughty, 22, Greenville, operating motor vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, $500; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked,
$250.

Casey Drummond, 19, Abbot, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Kevin R. Dubois, 18, Millinocket, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Michael A. Dyer Jr., 39, Dover-Foxcroft, fish violation of number, amount,
weight or size, $120; unlawful use of bait in artificial lure only water, $100.

Julie A. Emery, 18, Millinocket, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Sara E. Fillmore, 39, Dexter, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, 250.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                           September 19, 2005 Monday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 469 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
 DISPOSITIONS
 Amanda L. Fuller, Locust Ave., Manchester; possession of a small amount of
marijuana; waived to court.

Stacey L. Sanchez, Locust Ave., Manchester; possession of a small amount of
marijuana; waived to court.

Nicholas A. Sonski, Tall Tree Drive, Camp Hill; fleeing, eluding officer; waived
to court.

Larry J. Stom Jr., Sheep Bridge Road, York Haven; simple assault; held for
court.

Eric D. Harding, South Third St., Steelton; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Richard A. Prough, Bull Road, Dover; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Christopher S. Hicks, Ross Ave., New Cumberland; possession of marijuana; waived
to court.

Tara M. Dively, Summer Lane, Enola; bad checks; declared fugitive.

Monica M. Home, Lexington St., Harrisburg; small amount of marijuana; held for
court.

Nichole L. Sieger, Salem Road, Etters; theft by deception; waived to court.

David B. O'Connor, Countryside Lane, Camp Hill; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Robin L. Beiler, Lewis Mills Road, Honey Brook; driving under the influence;
held for court.

James W. McNamee Jr., Walnut St., Harrisburg; possession of controlled
substance; held for court.

Justin E. Hall, Ridge Road, Etters; possession of a small amount of marijuana;
waived to court.

Eraa Bagdasaryn, West Glenwood Drive, Camp Hill; theft by unlawful taking;
waived to court.

Kevin Wooten, Cedars Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Louis G. Carter, Springers Lane, New Cumberland; use, possession of
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Felipe Dominquez, S. Front St., York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Martin J. Sellers, York Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Mark R. Fay, First Ave., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Matthew R. Vassar, Cee Jay Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

William W. Bowman, E. Front St., Berwick; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Carla J. Zirkle, Bull Road, Dover; conspiracy theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

Keith A. Zirkle; conspiracy theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Robert L. Sweet, Highland St., Steelton; possession of marijuana; held for
court.

Luis A. Vargas, Shuler Drive, Etters; simple assault; held for court.

Ronald A. Keister, Summerdale; bad checks; waived to court.

Terry L. Landis Jr., Cassel Road, Manchester; driving under the influence; held
for court.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

A heavy Wyoming influence down south

BYLINE: Bob Hammond

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. 5-23 SPTS Hammond notes

LENGTH: 732 words


dre

The Colorado State women's basketball program had a strong Wyoming influence.

Former University of Wyoming assistant coach Dick Lien had served as the lead
assistant under the recently deposed Kristen Holt in recent years.

But the Wyoming influence will be even more prominent now with the hiring of new
head coach Ryun Williams.

Williams, who heads to CSU after four seasons as the head women's coach at South
Dakota, is a graduate of Campbell County High in Gillette (1988).

He went on to play at Sheridan College before finishing his playing days at
South Dakota. He then began his coaching career at Sheridan College.

The big news around Laramie, though, is that Williams was able to convince
former UW women's coach Chad Lavin to come out of retirement and join him as one
of his assistants.

Lavin spent 12 seasons at UW (1986-98), guiding the Cowgirls to a record of
175-162. His best year was 1989-90 when UW went 24-8 and took part in the
Women's NIT in Amarillo, Texas.

Lavin was the overseer of the UW program's transition from the High Country
Athletic Conference to the Western Athletic Conference in 1990-91. His tenure
fell between those of Dan Richards (1984-86) and Cindy Fisher (1999-2003).

In his dozen years at UW, Lavin's teams went 16-9 against CSU.

During his time at UW, he recruited three players that rank high on the all-time
scoring list - No. 1 Christine Fairless (1,933 points), No. 3 Amy Burnett
(1,782) and No. 12 Courtney Stapp (1,278). Fairless was from California; Burnett
and Stapp were both South Dakota natives.

Lavin's stint at UW was sandwiched between head coaching jobs at South Dakota
(1982-86 and 1998-2008). A member of the South Dakota Hall of Fame, he still is
the all-time leader in women's basketball coaching wins there with a mark of
273-141.

Since his retirement from South Dakota, Lavin has been conducting private camps
and lessons for area players in Vermillion, S.D. He is expected to now be in
charge of the women's camps at CSU.

During Williams' four years at South Dakota, he and Lavin spent a lot of time on
the phone and watched numerous hours of game film together.

Meanwhile Lien, who held the CSU program together after Holt's forced
resignation, is out of a job.

Ironically, he was the guy who recommended Williams to South Dakota men's
basketball coach Dave Boots when the Cowboys were not recruiting him out of
Sheridan College.

College coaching is a tough business.

A real class act

Don't get me wrong. I think Boise State would still be a valuable member of the
Mountain West. Its strong football program is the over-riding factor.

But the more I read about the way the school and its administrators conduct
business, it makes me think the MW may be better off without them.

A piece this week by Brett McMurphy, a well-respected college football columnist
for CBSSports.com, was an eye opener.

McMurphy reported on Monday that during the Big East Conference's spring
meetings in Ponte Verde Beach, Fla., Boise State athletic director Mark Coyle
said his school did not have conversations with the MW about staying with that
league.

"No," was Coyle's response when asked.

Earlier CBSSports.com had reported Boise State talking with MW officials before
reaffirming its decision last Friday to leave for the Big East.

McMurphy and CBSSports.com reported that less than two weeks ago, MW
commissioner Craig Thompson as well as "some MW athletic directors" were on the
Boise State campus, meeting with Coyle and other Boise State officials about
remaining in the MW.

Coyle implied those reports were inaccurate

Thompson confirmed to CBSSports.com that the meetings in Boise did take place.

"We had in-depth discussions with Boise State and made a very favorable
proposal," he told CBSSports.com. "But Boise State has decided to continue with
its plan to move to various other conferences."

Both Boise State and San Diego State will play in the MW in 2012-13, and have
until June 30 to formally withdraw from the league.

It's time for the MW to move ahead and let Boise State and SDSU live with the
consequences of their actions.

The bottom line

I may be old school, but college athletics, particularly football and
basketball, were much more fun before television started throwing the big bucks
around.

Bob Hammond

is the senior columnist/writer for WyoSports. Call him at 307-755-3325 or e-mail
him at bhammond@wyosports.net Follow him on twitter at BobHammond1.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

Discovering local value in mobile advertising

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 464  words


There's no denying the influence that e-commerce is having on the retail
landscape, and that influence is starting to go mobile. And as that trend grows,
marketers have an opportunity to leverage the influence of consumer preferences.
Specifically, by crafting their messages around local interests, marketers stand
to boost their engagement with the tech-savvy consumers that see their messages.

To gain additional insight, a recent Scarborough survey found that local
influences heavily dictate the content preferences of mobile device users.
Mobile ad-friendly shoppers (see infographic), defined by Scarborough as adults
who used a smartphone or tablet in the past 30 days for shopping, agree they'd
be willing to receive ads on their phone in exchange for certain services, or
disagree that ads on phones are annoying.

For example, in Knoxville, Tenn., the city that boasts the highest percentage of
mobile ad-friendly shoppers, the reality-adventure TV genre reigns for the
group. In fact, mobile ad-friendly shoppers in Knoxville are 45 percent more
likely to cite reality-adventure as television programming they typically watch.
Science fiction and music videos are also Knoxville favorites.

Comparatively, TV viewing preferences in Roanoke, Va., which has the smallest
percentage of mobile ad-friendly shoppers, are more diverse. For example,
Roanoke mobile ad-friendly shoppers are almost three times more likely than all
in that mobile group to typically watch daytime soap operas. In fact, Roanoke's
mobile ad-friendly shoppers are more likely to watch 16 of the 23 television
genres that Scarborough measures, whereas those in Knoxville are only more
likely to view four.

LOCAL SPORTS PLAY BIG AMONG MOBILE AD-FRIENDLY SHOPPERS IN KNOXVILLE AND ROANOKE

Football is a big draw among Knoxville's mobile ad-friendly shoppers. This
consumer group is 19 percent more likely than other smartphone or tablet users
in the market to have watched a Tennessee Titans game on TV during the past
year, and they're 11 percent more likely to have watched the Super Bowl. In
Roanoke, however, tennis and horse racing are popular. Roanoke's mobile
ad-friendly shoppers are 154 percent more likely than other smartphone or tablet
users in the city to have watched men's tennis on TV during the past year, and
80 percent more likely to have watched horse racing.

Mobile ad-friendly shoppers in Knoxville and Roanoke have overlapping interests
in the UFC and WWE leagues.

LOCAL NEWS IS A SIGNIFICANT DIGITAL MEDIA INTEREST AMONG MOBILE AD-FRIENDLY
SHOPPERS

Mobile ad-friendly shoppers are also big fans of online local news. About half
of this consumer group in both Knoxville and Roanoke went online for local news
during the past month, as did 48 percent of all mobile ad-friendly shoppers
nationally.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2015 World of Media JLT
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 20, 2010 Monday

Crime Watch for 12/20/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.

DISPOSITIONS

Ronald D. Campos, 6 Fair Ave., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, recklessly endangering another person, careless driving, driving
vehicle at safe speed, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Amanda Nicole Chaney, 3C Colonial Crest Circle, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Douglas E. Wark, 855 Laurel Woods Lane, Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Orlena Marietta Whit comb, 59 Pheasant Ridge Road, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Orlena Marietta Whit comb, 59 Pheasant Ridge Road, Hanover; simple assault; held
for court.

Michael Douglas Gar land, 2177 Baltimore St., Hanover; aggravated assault,
simple assault, simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Gary Lamont Wright, 1696 Treetop Drive, Apt. 7B, Erie; harassment (14 counts);
waived to court.

William Dale Hughes, 4415 Band Hall Hill Road, Westminster, MD; driving under
the influence, careless driving, firearms not to be carried without a license;
held for court.

Christopher James Martin, 593 McAllister St., Trailer 7, Hanover; driving under
the influence: general impairment, high rate of alcohol, unauthorized use of
auto, careless driving, driving vehicle at safe speed; held for court.

Robert John Thomas, 300 Goodyear Road, Gardners; recklessly endangering another,
propulsion of missiles, disorderly conduct, public drunkenness, harassment;
waived to court.

Floyd K. Shipley Jr., 611 Yorkminster Court, Westminster, Md.; harassment;
ordered to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 18, 2009 Monday

Crime Watch for 05/18/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Frank A. Heberlig II, 5221 Harmony Grove Road, Dover; driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Charles Allen Jr., 642 W. College Ave.; false identification to police, criminal
mischief, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Eric D. Fisher, 2892 Cori Pines Blvd., Jacksonville, Fla.; habitual offender,
driving under suspension/driving under the influence related, traffic control
devices; waived to court.

Edward R. Bendick, 823 Linden Ave.; retail theft (3rd offense); waived to court.

Dexter A. Boose, 1419 Prospect St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
harassment; waived to court.

Tiffany N. Dull, 5042 Rislyn Court, Spring Grove; retail theft (4th offense);
waived to court.

Christopher D. Brown, 71 Fair Acres Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, careless driving; waived to court.

Jesse W. Brillhart, 1348 W. Market St.; disorderly conduct/hazardous/physical
offense, criminal mischief; held for court.

Juan Arevalo, 37 N. Newberry St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Jennifer M. Miller, 1771 Virginia Ave., Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Samuel Markert, 1381 Krafts Mill Road, Spring Grove; tax violation; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

George Patrick, 220 N. Main St., Apt. C, Manchester; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Steven Dubs, 1216 Wogan Road; property maintenance; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

East High semifinalists continue school legacy

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 972 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


One received a perfect score on the ACT. Several others came within one or two
points of it.

Two found time for sports - cross country and tennis.

And several have participated in Math Olympiad, Science Olympiad and Science
Quiz Bowl.

But all 14 of these Lincoln East High School students have one thing in common -
they are all National Merit Scholarship semifinalists, which means they did well
on the PSAT test they took as juniors.

They are carrying on a legacy of academic excellence at East, which has had 44
semifinalists since fall 2003 and had 14 of 31 semifinalists in Lincoln this
year.

"We have kind of a magic combination - kids who are motivated, teachers who
incorporate rigor in their courses and parents who are involved," said Brenda
Leggiadro, East High counseling team leader.

The East High semifinalists share plenty of other similarities.

All but two attended middle school and high school together, going first to Lux
Middle School and then on to East High.

All but one have participated in speech and debate at some point.

And now, all will contend for the honor of being a NationalMerit finalist.

EAST HIGH SCHOOL NATIONAL MERIT SEMIFINALISTS

Sasan Choobineh

Parents: Fred and Maryam Choobineh

GPA: 4.42

ACT score: 33

College plans: undecided

Major: business administration

Biggest influence: parents

Favorite book: "The Catcher in the Rye"

Most fun in high school: All-state orchestra (junior year)

Most likely to: be on a reality show

Kelley Christensen

Parents: Curt and Kathy Christensen

GPA: 4.31

ACT score: 35

College plans: UNL, Drake or Illinois State

Major: actuarial science

Biggest influence: intellectual peer pressure

Most fun in high school: debate

Most likely to: study abroad

Alex Churchill

Parents: Mark and Laurie Churchill

GPA: 4.39

SAT score: 2360/2400

ACT score: 36 (perfect score)

College plans: MIT, Stanford, Harvard, Princeton or University of
Nebraska-Lincoln

Major: math, engineering

Biggest influence: family and teachers

Favorite books: "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" and "Deception Point"

Most likely to: end up in math

Emika Du

Parents: Liangcheng Du and Mei Chen

GPA: 4.16

SAT score: 2170

College plans: an East Coast university

Major: unsure

Biggest influence: original and "unique" teachers

Favorite books: "The Lorax" and "Strange Pilgrims"

Most fun in high school:art classes

Most likely to: not stay in the Midwest - no offense

Sean Dwyer

Parents: Matthew and Susan Dwyer

GPA: 4.18

SAT score: 2300

ACT score: 34

College plans: Stanford University, University of Hawaii, University of
Texas-Austin, Cornell University

Major: East Asian studies, Japanese

Biggest influence: family

Favorite book: "Starship Troopers"

Most fun in high school: language classes, newspaper

Most likely to: work for Foreign Service, State Department, Navy

Brady Gilg

Parents: Doug and Betty Gilg

GPA: 4.29

SAT score: 2140

ACT score: 33

College plans: go to a faraway land

Major: physics or computers

Biggest influence: The Discovery Channel

Favorite book: "Guinness Book of World Records"

Most fun in high school: lighting Bunsen burners

Most likely to: stabilize a worm hole

Jim Hao

Parents: Zijun and Ruilin Hao

GPA: 4.41

SAT score: 2340

College plans: applying to Yale and other Ivy League colleges

Major: pre-medicine, chemistry

Biggest influence: parents, teachers, friends

Favorite books: "Freakonomics" and "Strange Pilgrims"

Most fun in high school: speech and debate, Student Council, hanging out with
friends on weekends

Most likely to: be a physician like my parents, maybe a lawyer

Trevor Johnson

Parents: Tom and Pat Johnson

GPA: 4.17

ACT score: 32

College plans: University of Nebraska-Lincoln

Major: engineering

Biggest influence: competition with my sister

Favorite book: "Angels and Demons"

Most fun in high school: DECA

Most likely to: live in Colorado

George Miller

Parents: Anita and Duncan Miller

GPA: 4.41

ACT score: 32

College plans: University of Chicago, Northwestern, Washington University or
University of Nebraska-Lincoln

Major: astrophysics

Biggest influence: Dutch Fichthorn, parents

Favorite book: "America:The Book" Most fun in high school: philosophy class,
forensics

Most likely to: have fun with whatever I do

Lyndsey Muehling

Parents: Brad and Linda Muehling

GPA: 4.32

ACT score: 32

College plans: UNL

Major: food science, food allergy researcher

Biggest influence: parents, teachers, Christian faith

Favorite book: "The Visit"

Most fun in high school: marching band

Most likely to: run around in rain and snow with a piccolo

Adam Pillard

Parents: Brian and Diane Pillard

GPA: 4.39

SAT score: 2340

ACT score: 35

College plans: graduate in four years from a large school, maybe a five-year
master's program

Major: industrial engineering

Biggest influence: parents

Favorite book: "The Dark Tower"

Most fun in high school: Lance Kingery's Advanced Placement U.S. History class

Jinwen Sui

Parents: Yucheng Sui and Shumin Li

GPA: 4.35

College plans: go to one

Major: science, math or business

Biggest influence: parents, friends

Favorite book: "The Godfather" trilogy

Most fun in high school: forensics, Asian Club, friends

Most likely to: be super cool

Catherine Sypal

Parents: Ken and Dru Sypal

GPA: 4.02

ACT score: 34

College plans: University of Nebraska-Lincoln or University of Kansas

Major: psychology, English, French

Biggest influence: parents, books

Favorite books: "The Little Prince,""The Feminine Mystique," and "Sit on a
Potato Pan, Otis! and Other Palindromes"

Most fun in high school: translating the Babysitter's Club book "Kristy and the
Sister War" into French.

Most likely to: move to France, or something

Tina Zheng

Parents: Shuhai Zheng and Yuling Song

GPA: 4.44

SAT score: 2400 (perfect score)

College plans: East or West Coast four-year college

Major: biochemistry

Biggest influence: parents and sister

Favorite books: "Fahrenheit 451," "The Great Gatsby" and "Catch 22"

Most fun in high school: debate tournaments and student newspaper

Most likely to: attempt everything in my life

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 18, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Entertainment

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 135 words


Keith Richards: Under the Influence NETFLIX, 8.00AM ? To mark the release of
Keith Richards's latest solo album Crosseyed Heart, Under the Influence peeks
into the world of the Rolling Stones guitarist. Director Morgan Neville (20 Feet
from Stardom) offers insights into the sounds and influences of Richards using
interviews and archive footage, while also visiting the places that have
impacted on Richards's songs and music most: Chicago, Nashville and New York.
Simon Horsford Sarah Millican Hijacks Deal or No Deal CHANNEL 4, 8.00PM ?
Regular host Noel Edmonds takes his turn in the hot seat while comedian Sarah
Millican spouts the appropriate Deal or No Deal mumbojumbo (hopefully not in one
of Noel's floral shirts) in this special charity edition to mark 10 years of the
startlingly popular game show. GT

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Under the Influence: RichardsDeal or No Deal: Sarah Millican

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           January 24, 2009 Saturday

She Helps Rapho Grow

BYLINE: David O'connor

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 770  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The letters are so small that you have to lean forward to read them, but they
form a saying by which Nancy Halliwell tries to live her life.

Written over a framed photograph on her office wall - the photo, by Halliwell,
shows a house in Ireland - is this: "The gate of change opens from within," from
the book, "The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People."

In other words, you are responsible for yourself, even as you do your absolute
best to serve others, said Halliwell, the veteran Rapho Township manager.

"Local government has the opportunity to have a real, direct influence on
people's lives," she said, "and you try to make that influence as positive as
you possibly can."

And you can be a positive influence on anyone who comes through the door, no
matter if it's "somebody coming to get a building permit, somebody coming in to
complain about dogs running loose or a developer who wants to put in a
multimillion-dollar project."

With this as her mantra, the personable New York native has been a steady
presence at the helm as the first manager in Rapho, in northwestern Lancaster
County.

But this week, after 10-plus years, it was announced that Halliwell, who will be
71 in July, will retire.

Her last day will be Friday.

Halliwell, who has spent 15 years as a municipal manager, calls it "the ultimate
customer-service position.''

"People come to the township manager expecting an answer, and you have to be
able to give them an answer."

While you can't please all the people all the time, "you can give them
satisfaction, I think, with the appropriate responses.

"We all can't always get our own way in life, but we can always give people
appropriate responses."

In the late 1990s, Rapho officials knew their once-rural township, the county's
largest municipality by size, was becoming less and less rural.

Facing development pressures and other issues, they knew they wouldn't be able
to get by without a manager, an in-office administrator to run things.

They picked Halliwell, then the manager of York County's Hellam Township and a
former physical education teacher, from among 20 candidates.

From the beginning, Halliwell impressed residents of Rapho and other communities
with her people skills and willingness to listen and try to get answers.

Originally from Williston Park, N.Y., Halliwell graduated from Springfield
College in Springfield, Mass., the town known as "the birthplace of basketball."

She was a physical education major and a biology minor, and it was at college
that she met Dave, the man she would marry. This August, they will celebrate
their 49th anniversary.

Halliwell also lived in Rhode Island for two years (teaching in the Warwick,
R.I., school system) before moving to York County, where Dave began the
Sheltered Workshop of York County. She also taught at the Penn State York campus
for five years.

She got started in township government when she was asked to serve on the
recreation commission in Hellam Township.

"By being on that, I kind of got involved in community activities," and when the
township board of supervisors expanded, Halliwell was the first woman elected to
serve on the township's decision-making board.

Halliwell was serving as manager in 1998 when Rapho hired her to be its first
manager.

Halliwell, who now oversees a $2.3 million budget, is proudest of her dealings
with people and how the township has handled issues such as "the development
triangle," a swath of land outside Mount Joy offering a mix of zoning and
everything from apartments to an active adult community and single-family homes.
It covers an area of more than 300 acres.

Halliwell calls the plan, developed with the cooperation of Mount Joy Borough
officials, "the epitome of what the county wants to do within an urban growth
area," or areas where growth is encouraged. The township also has dedicated its
first park, the 30-acre community park along Strickler Road.

It was dedicated in April, and plans call for athletic fields, play areas and
picnic pavilions.

"That's been a real exciting project to do ... and there's a tremendous amount
of satisfaction in being able to do this," the Rapho manager says.

Halliwell is a part-time amateur photographer, and her photographs of well-known
sites in Rapho, such as the Renaissance Faire building (which is on the National
Historic Register) hang on the walls in the township building. She took the
pictures "so that people can recognize what's here in the community. ... It's
such a beautiful community."

Asked if she could be appointed "township staff photographer," Halliwell laughs,
"No, I didn't get that title."

E-mail: doconnor@lnpnews.com or call 481-6033

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lancaster After A Decade At The Helm, Rapho Township's Manager, Nancy
Halliwell, Is Retiring. Marty Heisey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 10, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants;

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 464 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified here by name, age,
last known city of residence, charge and bond amount on the warrant. If you have
any information, contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417 or the
Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

John H. Baker - 24, Corbin, Ky., failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance-methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Amber M. Calicoat - 24, Clayton, Wash., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance-methamphetamine, no bond.

Douglas E. Edgin - 48, Sandpoint, parole violation/grand theft by possession of
stolen property, $10,000 bond.

Kevin J. Hughes - 41, Sandpoint, delivery of a controlled substance-methadone,
$15,000 bond.

Carrie L. Ridgwell - 38, Norwood, Ohio, issuing an insufficient funds check,
$10,000.

MISDEMEANORS

Paul D. Birch - 38, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, frequenting a place where a controlled substance is used, etc.,
$2,000 bond.

Sandy R. Chappell - 37, Priest River, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, driving under the influence, $12,000 bond.

Erin P. Critchell - 44, Sandpoint, petty theft, $500 bond.

Brian L. Gray - 22, Spirit Lake, issuing an insufficient funds check (three
counts), $1,000 bond.

Patricia E. Haney - 49, Cocolalla, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, 132 days in jail, and $1,000 bond.

Gerald G. Jones - 41, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,500 bond.

Richard F. Kissner - 19, Sandpoint, failure to comply/use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $2,500 bond.

John B. Krieger - 56, Coeur d'Alene, parole violation/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

Ronald A. Lejeune - 64, Thompson Falls, Mont., failure to appear/driving under
the influence, $5,000 bond.

Gillian D. Lemley - 33, Coeur d'Alene, parole violation/driving under the
influence, injury to child, fraud, $20,000 bond.

Wendy M. Martinez - 38, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Kevin L. McIlreavy - 35, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, failure to provide proof of insurance, $5,000 bond.

Anthony M. McCormack - 21, Spokane, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $6,000 bond.

William T. Mills - 21, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $500 bond.

Mark W. Nordgaarden - 23, Priest River, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, failure to stop at a damage accident, $4,500 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Digital choice

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 159 words


Keith Richards: Under the Influence Netflix, 8.00am To mark the release of Keith
Richards's latest solo album Crosseyed Heart, Under the Influence peeks into the
world of The Rolling Stones guitarist. Director Morgan Neville (20 Feet from
Stardom) offers insights into the sounds and influences of Richards using
interviews and archive footage, while also visiting the places that have
impacted on Richards's songs and music most: Chicago, Nashville and New York.

Leeds International Piano Competition 2015 BBC Four, 7.30pm "The Leeds" is one
of the world's most prestigious piano competitions. Over three programmes Petroc
Trelawny will introduce the six finalists who will play their concertos at Leeds
Town Hall. This is followed by the chance to see the excellent documentary from
2011, Arena: Produced by George Martin (9.00pm). It charts the life of record
producer George Martin and the recording techniques he used with The Beatles.
Simon Horsford

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Keith Richards: Under the Influence

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 29, 2009 Friday

More Crime Watch for 5/29/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 677 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York..

DISPOSITIONS
Carl Hamme, 1976 Carlisle Road; driving under the influence: general impairment,
highest rate of alcohol, driving under suspension, driving unregistered vehicle,
operating vehicle without valid inspection, careless driving, operate vehicle
without required financial responsibility; waived to court.

Tisen Thomas, 2717 Olde Field Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, no headlights; waived to court.

Ted Feeser Sr., 2009 Stanton St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Marco Barragan, 5800 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 14, Manchester; driving under the
influence: general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, endangering welfare of
children; waived to court.

Anthony Fulginiti, 21 York St., first floor, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, controlled substance, possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving unregistered vehicle, vehicle
registration suspended; waived to court.

Taryn English, 44 Hess Boulevard, Lancaster; retail theft; waived to court.

Eileen Molly, 504 Madison Ave., Apt. 3; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Andrew Martin, 2860 Adelina Road, Prince Frederic, Md.; retail theft; waived to
court.

Mark Wilson, 16 E. Maple St.; retail theft; held for court.

Terry Winfield, 424 Amherst Drive, Apt. A, Harrisburg; bad checks; waived to
court.

Brandon Smith,1253 Hunters Ridge Road, Mechanicsburg; bad checks; waived to
court.

Alexis Dabich, no fixed address; bad checks, theft by deception; waived to
court.

Kevin Bruce, 170 Test Road; driving under the influence: general impairment,
highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Matthew Morgan, 3300 Glen Hollow Drive, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

James Mummert, 340 Folkstone Way; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Seth Eisenhart, 1220 Baltimore St., Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Michael Rowe, no fixed address; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Brandon Bedford, 1540 W. Philadelphia St.; retail theft, conspire retail theft,
robbery; held for court.

Terry Wanner, no fixed address; robbery, aggravated assault, flight to avoid
apprehension, recklessly endangering another person, simple assault, aggravated
assault; held for court.

Mark Urban, 1697 Westgate Drive, Apt. 202; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; held for court.

David Hersey, 2305 Wilt Drive; possession of marijuana, underage drinking;
waived to court.

Bruce Hengst Jr., 36 S. Sumner St.; conspire to manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacturer or deliver; waived to court.

Devon Howell, 926 Sequoia St.; disorderly conduct, driving under suspension,
driving vehicle without valid inspection; held for court.

Migdalia Pacheco, 330 E. King St., first floor; access device fraud; waived to
court.

Willie Dixon, 60-1/2 Breckenridge St., Gettysburg; forgery, access device fraud;
waived to court.

Sean Myers, 1459 Hanover Road, Gettysburg; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, controlled substance, careless driving;
waived to court.

Travis Snyder, 1985 Altland Ave.; accident involving damages, illegal racing,
reckless driving; waived to court.

Christine Brenneman, 449 E. King St., Apt. 50; retail theft; waived to court.

Laura Bell, 2331 Tower Drive, Dover; retail theft, conspire retail theft, false
ID to law enforcement; held for court.

Kevin Everhart, 357 Blooming Drive Road, Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, disregard traffic lane; waived to
court.

Jerome Bottomley, 5653 Senft Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence:
general impairment, controlled substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
careless driving; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Cleric calls for prevention of enemy's influence in Iran

LENGTH: 524 words


Iranian moderate cleric Ayatollah Mohammad Emami-Kashani delivered Tehran's
Friday prayers at 0825 gmt on 6 November. The sermons were broadcast live by
state-run Radio Tehran.

The cleric dedicated the first sermon to religious issues, including the merits
of marriage in Islam.

He ended the first sermon at 0846 gmt and immediately started the second sermon.

Emami-Kashani compared the situation in Iran before and after the 1979 Islamic
Revolution and said that country "was lagging behind in all areas" under the
former regime of Shah.

Talks with USA

The cleric pointed to Iran's nuclear talks with world powers, including the USA,
and noted that Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamene'i used his "legitimate and
religious power" when he allowed negotiations with America.

He said that under the Iranian Constitution the Supreme Leader can also decide
about "some exceptional cases" when negotiation with the USA is deemed
"necessary".

US policies in region

The cleric criticized the policies of the USA and its allies in the region,
including in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Palestinian territories and Yemen and noted:
"Has the Yemen issue been caused by the Al Saud? Of course, the Saudi rulers are
despicable for becoming the servants of the USA and Israel by killing children
and adults and wreaking havoc on [the country]. At the same time they call
themselves the guardians of the holy shrines. But who is behind this issue? Who
is behind Da'esh [Islamic State/ IS/ISI/ISIL]? Who are the Takfiri [extremist
Islamist] groups? What are they doing?"

He lauded Iran's role in fighting the IS and other "terrorist groups" and
described this as the sign of Iran's "might and honour".

Syria talks

Emami-Kashani pointed to Iran's participation in the recent international talks
on the Syrian crisis in Vienna and said: "In the recent meeting on Syria, we saw
how the team of Iran and Foreign Ministry could express its views and outline
its ideas. When they invited Iran and Iran's viewpoint was outlined, this showed
Iran's power. This showed the honour of the Islamic Republic establishment. The
enemies of Islam do not want this honour and grandeur."

Prevention of enemy's influence

The cleric pointed to the Supreme Leader's new calls for the need to prevent the
enemy's influence in the country and said: "This influence should be prevented.
In order to prevent the influence, one naturally needs to form barriers.
Barriers that prevent the influence of the others."

He stressed that "barriers" should be put up in different areas in the country,
including in "economy, moral issues and politics".

Emami-Kashani pointed to the seizure of the US embassy in Tehran in November
1979 by a group of students as an example of a "barrier against the enemy's
influence".

Resistant economy

Elsewhere in his remarks, the cleric underlined the creation of a resistant
economy in Iran and noted: "In terms of living conditions, the country should
become independent in exports and production."

Emami-Kashani ended the sermons at 0915 gmt with prayers for the Muslim world.

Source: Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran - local radio service, Tehran, in
Persian 0825gmt 06 Nov 15

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 418 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Sally R. Adair - 23, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Joshua W. Charlton - 18, Sandpoint, failure to appear/delivery of marijuana,
providing false information to an officer, $42,000 bond.

Shiloh M. Roberts - 24, Priest River, parole violation/manufacturing/delivery
/possession of a controlled substance, $40,000 bond.

Crystal A. Rohde -  36, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Shawn M. Shanks - 32, Priest River, parole violation/driving under the influence
, $40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Christopher C. Ainsworth - 28, Sandpoint, failure to comply/petty theft, $4,000
bond.

Jason L. Allen - 31, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, possession of drug paraphernalia, $1,000 bond.

David L. Anderson - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
valid driver's license, $300 bond.

Christina M. Antuna - 20, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/minor consuming
alcohol, no bond.

Luanne K. Azile - 50, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/possession of drug
paraphernalia, $5,223 bond.

Scott P. Bandeen -  46, Bayview, inattentive/careless driving, $300 bond.

Michael S. Barbian - 33, Phoenix, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia, $6,000 bond.

Charles E. Barker - 48, Priest River, parole violation/driving under the
influence, resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Jeffery A. Bartlett - 48, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $227 bond.

Rick T. Bass - 28, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
driving under the influence, $390 bond.

Robert L. Bennett Jr. - 61, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/driving under
the influence, $48  bond.

Kenneth L. Batts - 49, Spokane, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
unlawful use of a driver's license, $2,000 bond.

Jimmy J. Backburn -  22, Spokane, failure to comply/resisting/obstructing
officers, $750 bond.

James T. Brown - 49, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $2,000 bond.

Timothy J. Burke - 29, Priest River, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $2,500 bond.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: *Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Official Records

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 12, 2004 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O08

LENGTH: 261 words


Pamela Murrell Tabor, 39, of the 200 block of Word Avenue in Lincolnton, Ga.,
was charged with driving under the influence Oct. 1, 2003, and was fined $700.

Mitchell Terry Patterson, 46, of the 3200 block of Jacqueline Drive in Appling,
was charged with driving under the influence July 25, 2004, and was fined $750.

Ronald Arthur Wilson, 60, of the 800 block of Nashua Court in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence July 26, 2004, and was fined $750.

Stephen Paul Montoya, 25, of the 400 block of Newmantown Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Jan. 13, 2004, and was fined $1,100.

David Earl Ford, 42, of the 100 block of Fourth Street in Atlanta, was charged
with driving under the influence Aug. 12, 2004, and was sentenced to 90 days in
jail.

Albert Anderson Jr., 55, of the 200 block of Spann Street in Manning, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence Aug. 17, 2004, and was sentenced to 60
days in jail.

Francis Edward Jameson Sr., 61, of the 1800 block of Powell Road in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence Jan. 20,. 2004, and was fined $700.

James Robert Colvin, 32, of the 1300 block of Waterston Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence March 16, 2003, and was fined $700.

Ronald Lee Mays, 61, of the 1600 block of Baker Place Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 11, 2003, and was fined $700.

Angel Lopez Chavez, 26, of the 300 block of Ridge Crossing in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence July 31, 2004, and was fined $750.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Gov't Mule goes on tour with its big influence: ZZ Top

BYLINE:  By Daniel Durchholz Special to Go! Magazine

SECTION: GO!; Pg. G7

LENGTH: 580 words


Gov't Mule has never toured with ZZ Top, but Mule guitarist/vocalist Warren
Haynes says the legendary "little ol' band from Texas" has always been an
inspiration and an influence.

"I was a big ZZ Top fan from the first time I heard them, which was about the
time I started playing guitar," Haynes says from New York City, just a few hours
prior to the two bands' tour-opening show at Jones Beach in New York.

"I really loved their music and Billy's (Gibbons) guitar playing. So that music
was an influence on me, but it was also an influence on Gov't Mule, which
started out as a power trio. We were coming from a little more of a Cream/Jimi
Hendrix Experience sort of direction, but ZZ Top was an influence in a different
way. They were more structured and more tight - less improv-oriented but equally
badass."

As the Mule moved forward these past few years, it's also been looking back,
releasing archival albums including "Dark Side of the Mule" (a full-album cover
of Pink Floyd's "Dark Side of the Moon"), "Dub Side of the Mule" (reggae songs),
"Stoned Side of the Mule" (Rolling Stones covers) and "Sco-Mule" (a
collaboration with jazz guitarist John Scofield.)

The band's latest archival release is "The Tel-Star Sessions," which features
the first recordings of Haynes and original bassist Allen Woody (who passed away
in 2000), along with drummer Matt Abts.

The sessions were held in June 1994 at Tel-Star Studios in Bradenton, Fla. -
thus the title - as Haynes and Woody took time off from their primary gig as
members of the Allman Brothers Band.

"We were just becoming a band," Haynes says of the Mule. "That is, a bona fide
band, as opposed to a one-off side project. We paid for those recordings. We
produced them ourselves, and there was no record company involved at the time."

Word of the sessions got around and generated enough interest that the band
wound up signing a record deal, adding a producer and making its proper debut,
its self-titled 1995 album, instead. The Tel-Star recordings went into the
vault.

The idea of bringing them out now, Haynes says, started with the celebration of
the band's 20th anniversary. After the covers albums were released, they turned
their attention to "The Tel-Star Sessions."

"When I heard that stuff for the first time in decades, I was like, 'Wow, the
fans deserve to hear this,'" Haynes says. "There's this rawness and chemistry
there that is what made us want to become a band in the first place."

Interestingly, one of the tracks on "Tel-Star" is a cover of ZZ Top's "Just Got
Paid."

"It's quite coincidental (with the tour)," Haynes says. "'Just Got Paid' was one
of the first cover songs we ever performed as Gov't Mule. We did it in our early
shows on a nightly basis. It was intended to be part of that record that we
never released, so we got away from it for a while. We started playing it again,
and now here we are on tour with ZZ Top."

Haynes is not certain that the bands will get together onstage, but he hopes so.
"(Billy) and I have played together quite a few times in the past, and there's a
lot of mutual respect and love there," he says. "It's a cool combination of
bands, because we appeal to a lot of the same listeners, but we appeal to a lot
of different listeners, too. So there's a nice overlap between the two bands."

---

What ZZ Top with Gov't Mule - When 7:30 p.m. Sunday - Where Hollywood Casino
Amphitheatre, 14141 Riverport Drive, Maryland Heights - How much $16.70-$129.95
- More info livenation.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Warren Haynes (left) and Gov't Mule perform at the Hangout Festival on
May 18, 2013, in Gulf Shores, Ala. (Photo by John Davisson/Invision/AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Pensions & Investments
                                 Print Version

                                  July 7, 2014

First SEC case on pay-to-play sends a message;
Agency flexes muscle to show how serious it is about new rules

BYLINE: HAZEL BRADFORD

SECTION: Pg. 4 Vol. 42

LENGTH: 944  words


The first enforcement case brought under the SEC's pay-to-play rules has
increased awareness of the extent of the regulations, and their impact on
managers and investors.

The case against TL Ventures Inc., "makes it clear that (the SEC is) charting
out the broadest possible course of enforcement" for pay-to-play rules, said
Stefan Passantino, a partner in the Washington law firm McKenna Long & Aldridge
LLP. "It's a really big deal because of the standards they set for themselves to
bring this case."

And more cases are likely.

"We are always looking and assessing, and will bring cases when we can," said
LeeAnn Gaunt, the Boston-based chief of the SEC enforcement division's municipal
securities and public pensions unit.

The new rules give the SEC more latitude than some money managers might realize.
The agency does not have to prove intent to influence, actual influence of an
investment decision, or even an opportunity to influence, Ms. Gaunt said.

On June 20, the Securities and Exchange Commission charged TL Ventures, a Wayne,
Pa., private equity firm, with violating the rules that prohibit investment
advisers from getting paid for advising public pension funds and other
government accounts within two years of making political contributions to people
who could influence contracting decisions.

The firm agreed to settle without admitting or denying the charges and to return
$256,697 in advisory fees to the $27 billion Pennsylvania State Employees'
Retirement System, Harrisburg, and the $4.5 billion Philadelphia Board of
Pensions and Retirement, after it was discovered that a TL Ventures affiliate,
Penn Mezzanine Partners Management LP, made $4,500 in campaign contributions to
candidates for governor and mayor in 2011. The two pension funds had invested
$85 million in two TL Ventures funds as early as 1999. The firm, which reported
$178 million in venture capital assets under management this year, will also pay
$38,197 in penalties and interest.

Even though the client relationship was established well before the
contributions were made, it was the connection that mattered.

The pay-to-play rules, which were approved in 2010 and went into effect in 2011,
dictate that a firm providing advisory services directly to a government client
or through a pooled investment vehicle must forgo compensation for two years,
but the rules also prohibit the firm from severing the relationship, which in
the case of private equity and other private funds, raises practical and
financial concerns for the other investors involved in a particular fund.

There could also be ramifications for the pension fund staff if fee structures
and investors' compensation are affected, said Suzanne Dugan, who leads the
ethics and fiduciary counseling practice at Cohen Milstein Sellers & Toll PLLC
in Washington. "How are they going to sort it out?"

Potential pitfall

One potential pitfall for managers is whether related entities are properly
classified. In the TL Ventures case, the SEC also charged the two firms for
improperly acting as unregistered investment advisers. Even though the firms
claimed exemption from SEC registration, their operations were closely
integrated and significantly overlapped, according to the consent order. "That's
a very important piece of the enforcement case," said Ms. Gaunt of the SEC.
"When you have closely affiliated advisers, they should look at the relationship
status."

McKenna Long & Aldridge's Mr. Passantino said money managers face more risk than
just SEC penalties. "You can't get out and you can't get paid. You get fined and
you get publicly branded. It's a very dangerous trap for the unwary," he said.

SEC officials are turning to a variety of sources to find their next cases,
including a robust new whistleblower program, heightened awareness among
examiners, and public sources of information like pension fund money manager
lists and campaign donation records.

Ms. Dugan noted that while pay-to-play headlines have faded away, potential
problems have not. "The lesson here is that there does remain a lot of work to
be done. The rules were the beginning of it, not the end of it." She advises
public retirement plan officials to take action along with money managers, and
to "have sufficient controls in place to make sure that the managers themselves
have controls in place."

Ms. Gaunt of the SEC echoed that advice. "This rule is really on the investment
adviser's obligations. That said, the best practices would be to keep an eye out
for potential conflicts, and to have good policies," she said.

"Clearly the rules are going to be enforced," said Luke Bierman, dean of the
Elon University School of Law, Greensboro, N.C., who served as general counsel
of the now-$176.2 billion New York State Common Retirement Fund as officials
there sought to recover from placement agent scandals that started in 2006.

That fund, and the $104.3 billion New York State Teachers' Retirement System,
both of Albany, banned placement agents in the spring of 2009.

In June, the five pension funds that make up the $150 billion New York City
Retirement Systems passed resolutions banning placement agents for all
investment classes. Others, including the $300.4 billion California Public
Employees' Retirement System, Sacramento, and the $87.4 billion North Carolina
Retirement Systems, Raleigh, have added policies following pay-to-play scandals
in years past.

"It's still a very real concern," said Mr. Bierman. "What we're seeing is
increased attention to pension funds. It's a lot of money and these have become
much higher-profile funds. People taking investment money (from public funds)
are going to have to be much more careful."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PI


                      Copyright 2014 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1448 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Anne Drury, employee of Shopko, reported Tuesday $400 damage to a storage tent
in the parking lot of the business at 217 W. Ironwood Drive.

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Michael Piper, Hayden, reported Wednesday the $650 theft of a compound bow and
$825 damage to windows of a shop, vehicles and a motor home on property on the
3600 block of East Lancaster Road in Hayden.

Donald Shafer, owner of Shafer's Heating, reported Tuesday the $2,500 theft of
copper tubing and $50 damage to a door of a building at the business at 283 W.
Dakota Avenue in Hayden.

Jerry Willis, Post Falls, reported Wednesday the $475 theft of tools and
crossbow and chain saw from property on the 26000 block of South Latour Creek
Road near Cataldo.

Armando Rodriquez, Spokane Valley, reported Wednesday $2,000 damage to the door
and window of his 2005 Jeep Cherokee parked on the corner of Shore Crest Rod and
South Watson Road in Coeur d'Alene.

NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE EUGENE MARANO

Marty R. Thompson, 39, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 10 days
in jail.

JUDGE JAMES STOW

Patricia S. Edginton, 28, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($850 suspended), 180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled
jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Aaron R. Prescott 37, Rathdrum; driving under the influence (excessive); $2,000
fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (355 days suspended), one year
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Randal D. Young, 20, Dalton Gardens; Count I: leaving the scene of an accident;
$1,000 fine ($900 suspended), 180 days in jail (60 days suspended, 90 days
credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years probation. Count II: driving
under the influence; $1,000 fine ($800 suspended), 180 days in jail (60 days
suspended, 90 days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

David E. O'Hagan, 40, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

William P. Boger, 47, Post Falls; invalid driver's license; $150 fine, $500
reimbursement for defense.

Gayle Brown, 48, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: driving under the influence; $750 fine,
180 days in jail (149 days suspended, 31 days credited), 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation. Count II: use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; $200 fine, 31 days in jail (suspended).

James C. Richardson, 54, Spokane; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Devon T. Cunningham, 31, Rathdrum; reckless driving; $500 fine, $500
reimbursement for defense and prosecution, 90 days in jail (80 days suspended)
or 40 hours county work program, two years probation.

JUDGE DANIEL MCGEE

Clyde G. Virell, 46, North Plains, Ore.; Count I: misdemeanor probation
violation; 120 days in jail. Count II: misdemeanor probation violation; 120 days
in jail.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Gary F. Smith, 42, Spokane; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 90 days in
jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Miriam E. Nevarez, 29, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 90
days in jail (80 days suspended) or 72 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Ivan E. Bowen, 26, Longview, Wash.; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days in
jail, two years probation.

Trever R. Benoy, 27, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 90
days in jail (85 days suspended) or 24 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Hayden Les Schwab Tire Center v. Sherri Kuester, seeking $1,573.

R + L RV Sales v. Westley Millward, seeking $2,700.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Maria and Matthew Shettel, seeking $1,211.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lois Earin, seeking $2,205.

Capital One Bank USA v. Reed McColm, seeking $1,592.

Capital One Bank USA v. Cami Kemp, aka Cani Inman, seeking $1,113.

Capital One Bank USA v. Scott Harris, seeking $5,120.

Leana Kelley v. Michael and Patricia Way, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Sterling Savings Bank v. James Heisel, seeking $14,471.

Capital One Bank USA v. Jeremy Davis, seeking $4,512.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Michael Venerosa, seeking $2,562.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Craig Romero and Holli Leberth, seeking $1,753.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Eric Swanson and Michelle Rich, seeking $1,348.

Douglas Bressie v. Professional Management of North Idaho Inc., dba Resort
Property Management and Christopher D'Amore, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Capital One Bank USA v. James Pettibone, seeking $1,301.

Capital One Bank v. Salley Briese, aka Salley Wayne Briese, seeking $1,055.

Tenille Von Behren v. Cincinnati Insurance Co., seeking an amount to be proved
at trial.

Scot Nass v. Jeff Petroskie and BreAnn Petroskie, seeking $2,000.

Trevor Lassiter v. Trevor Schalk, seeking $5,000.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Melinda and Toby Bauer, seeking $1,972.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Danielle Henriquez and Johnatan Henriquez,
aka Jonathan Henriquez, seeking $1,229.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Anthony Carroll and Jeanine Carroll, seeking
$2,671.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Shelley and Terry Pangle Jr., seeking $2,129.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Courtney Jennings, seeking $1,701.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jason Luker, seeking $3,931.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jesseca Jessop and Christopher Jessop,
seeking $31,258.

Collection Bureau Inc. v. Tessa Alfonso, seeking $9,058.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Sarah Carr, seeking $1,726.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Carl Nagel and Lauree Nagel, seeking $5,562.

GTS Interior Supply Co. v. Robert Clark, dba Benchmark Construction, seeking
$15,817.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. David Esterly, dba Old West Hardware Co.,
seeking $4,050.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jennifer Jeanblanc and Corey Jeanblanc,
plaintiff awarded $3,726.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Anna Marie Cannon and Ronald Cannon,
plaintiff awarded $5,205.

Midland Funding LLC v. Sandra Runcorn, plaintiff awarded $2,164.

Watson Law Office Chartered v. Janet Bronowski, plaintiff awarded $8,640.

CACH LLC v. Nicholas Peed, plaintiff awarded $4,382.

HSBC Bank Nevada N.A. v. Gary Carlin, plaintiff awarded $4,086.

Midland Funding LLC v. Thomas Kenefick, plaintiff awarded $1,637.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Todd Zevenbergen, plaintiff awarded $6,195.

David Solis v. Joeseph O'Masters and Pamela O'Masters, plaintiff awarded $2,675.

Susan Hendryx v. Casey Becker, plaintiff awarded $2,738.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Daniel Malley, plaintiff awarded $2,510.

CACH LLC v. Russell Mclain, plaintiff awarded $1,589.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Raymond Page,
plaintiff awarded $1,733.

GMAC v. Billie Dilday, plaintiff awarded $28,743.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Michael Linkof Sr., plaintiff awarded
$6,180.

Citibank South Dakota v. Jeannine Mahoney, plaintiff awarded $4,876.

HSBC Bank Nevada v. Cynthia Harster, plaintiff awarded $7,846.

Discover Bank v. S.D. and Grace Blomgren, plaintiff awarded $15,677.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Jeremy Wade.

Peter Danforth Jr. v. Stan Sepanski and S + S Automotive.

Jon Bell v. Jason Pimental and Marla Martanka.

American General Finance v. Devin Pearson.

Bank of America v. Mark Carlson.

Renae Linn v. Dennis Smith.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Daryl Phillips II and Lugina Phillips.

Travis Nix v. Danielle Hopkins.

Spokane Merchants Association v. William Peterson.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Catherine and James Kearns.

LEGAL SEPARATIONS SOUGHT

Sara J. Thomas from Richard J. Thomas.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Susan G. Akers from Virgil M. Akers.

Randy W. Ness from Terri L. Ness.

Jessi L. Korpi from Elisa M. Korpi.

Omar R. Magdalena from Christina Magdalena.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Jeanette L. Leeling from H. Daniel L. Leeling.

Catherine E. Lee from Bud L. Lee.

Shannon R. Bob from William S. Bob.

Flavia L. Whitcomb from Lee M. Whitcomb.

Jesse T. Hatfield from Tracy L. Hatfield.

Justin S. Wheeler from Christy E. Wheeler.

Jeremy A. Simpkins from Wendy Simpkins.

Jeremy Ruggles from Denice A. Ruggles.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Fairfield Advance (Australia)

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

Dancer draws on life's influences

BYLINE: CARLEEN FROST

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 299  words


MATHEW Mizyed is not afraid to say he's under the influence when he's on stage.

But not from the typical vices.

``I'm under the influence of everything around me,'' he said.

``I believe we are influenced by love and happiness.''

The 24-year-old has started a dance company of the same name, Under the
Influence.

Still in its early days, the outfit includes eight Western Sydney dancers,
ranging in age from 17 to 24.

They rehearse three days a week in Wetherill Park and will perform their first
show, Eight, at Casula Powerhouse this month.

Organisers have dubbed the show ``fresh, new and innovative''.

``Im very nervous,'' Mizyed said. ``I have had four nightmares about tickets not
selling.''

Mizyed started dancing as a student at Bossley Park Public School.

Although he was never enrolled in formal lessons, he learnt enough during school
classes to know he had caught the dancing bug. ``I knew I loved to dance, it was
just in me,'' he said. ``I just love it.''

At the age of 18, the Bossley Park resident enrolled at the Brent Street
performing arts school and never looked back.

He's has travelled overseas to study dance in Los Angeles and New York,
performed at the MTV awards and sang back-up vocals for pop princess Delta
Goodrem.

Mizyed has been included in the Top 100 for the series So You Think You Can
Dance three times, and also teaches part-time at Nadia's Performance Studio.
This year he is travelling to New York to study at the Broadway Dance Centre.

Eight will show at 8pm on Friday, May 21.

Tickets are $25.

Details: www.casulapowerhouse.com

__________________________

More Where are They Now

fairfieldadvance.com.au

Our column Where Are They Now catches up with some of Fairfield's best and
brightest. If you know someone who would make a good subject, email
editor@fairfieldadvance.com.au

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: FAG


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 8, 2011 Saturday

UCSC ranks third worldwide for research influence

BYLINE: Tovin Lapan, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


Oct. 08--SANTA CRUZ -- UC Santa Cruz ranked third in research influence in a
recent analysis of the top universities worldwide, coming in just behind
Princeton University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Published as part of the Times Higher Education World University Rankings
2011-2012, the analysis, conducted by Thompson Reuters, bases its research
influence score on the number of times all of the university's published work is
cited and referenced by scholars around the world during a six-year period.

UCSC, one of the smaller universities in the UC system with approximately 16,000
students, tied for third with California Institute of Technology, UC Santa
Barbara and Rice University.

"This survey looks at citations," said Bruce Margon, UCSC's vice chancellor of
research. "So once the research is published, how many people used it and who
went on to build upon it? That removes the David and Goliath feature of many
rankings. An enormous university will publish more papers than a tiny university
... The discoveries being made here at UCSC are incredibly useful and important,
and are the shoulders on which future discoveries stand."

In the overall rankings, based on five categories that are weighted differently
including teaching, research and innovation, UCSC came in 110th. California
Institute of Technology garnered the top overall spot, Stanford came in second
and UC Berkeley took 10th.

UCSC's score of 99.9 out of 100 in the research influence category was a
significant boon for its overall score. Along with research influence, there are
two other categories that each make up 30 percent of the total score, teaching
and research volume, reputation and income. UCSC received its lowest score for
teaching, 24.6, and tallied a 36.6 for the second research category.

The teaching category uses international reputation as a factor, an area where
the 46-year-old UCSC does not score as well as schools with greater name
recognition, such as Harvard, Stanford or UC Berkeley. The second research
category also takes in to account international reputation.

"We pride ourselves on undergraduate education," Margon said. "One key to
success is the intimacy factor. Can a student get good attention from
internationally famous professors. The answer can be yes at any university, but
it's a lot easier for students to get attention and work closely with faculty
members in a small, intimate environment."

The amount and quality of research at UCSC not only benefits the campus, but the
larger community as well. Intellectual property generated at the UC campuses
generates revenue for the schools and state.

The research arm of UCSC is a $150 million annual business that employs from
1,000 and 2,000 people at any given time, Margon said.

UCSC has been highly ranked in similar surveys in the past that have focused on
particular fields of research. Past rankings for the campus, all based on
citation impact data, include first among U.S. universities in astronomy and
astrophysics 2008, first among U.S. universities in physics 2007 and second
worldwide in physical sciences 2001.

___ (c)2011 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111008-QC-UCSC-ranks-third-worldwide-for-research-influence-20111008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2011 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Crime Watch for 04/04/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 137 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Drew Alan Lehr, Manchester; driving under the influence, possession of
marijuana; waived to court.

Andre Maurice Fletcher, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

David Shane Nelson Jr., Harrisburg; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Timothy Mariano Mercu rio Jr., Middletown; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Kevin Wayne Bird, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Amy Jo Bortner, forgery, theft by deception, theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Michael Matt Norvick Jr., Florence, Ky.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Ian Matthew Sullivan, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 2, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 493 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Shoshone County

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114.

Sergio H. Navarro, aka Epifanio Navarro, aka Epifanio Navarro-Hernandez - 49,
Toppenish, Wash., bench warrant, driving while suspended, $1,000 bond.

Yvonne A. Navasio  - 22, Livingston, Mont., bench warrant, driving while
suspended, $2,000 bond.

Eric J. Nelson - 47, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving under the influence
, driving without privileges, transporting open beer, illegal possession of
fireworks, $263 cash bond.

Gregg S. Nelson - 32, Joliet, Mont., warrant of attachment, malicious injury to
property, mistreating an animal, $613 bond.

Jord  O. Nelson Jr, aka John O. Nelson - 44, Wallace, warrant of attachment,
battery, $27 cash.

Kenneth R. Nelson - 36, Coeur d'Alene, bench warrant, driving without
privileges, failure to carry proof of insurance, $2,000 bond.

Linda L. Nelson - 56, Pinehurst, bench warrant driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

Neil J. Nelson - 51, Pinehurst, three bench warrants, driving without
privileges, resisting/obstructing officers, indecent exposure, driving under the
influence, $10,000 bond, 60 days in jail.

Wilson H. Nicklie  - 42, Kellogg, bench warrant, domestic battery, $2,000 bond.

Brooks K. Nielsen, aka Kevin Bryce - 42, Kellogg, warrant of attachment, driving
under the influence, driving while suspended, $509 bond.

Brian C. Nixon - 20, Kellogg, warrant of arrest, two warrants of attachment,
bench warrant, grand theft, battery, minor consuming, $10,630 bond, 10 days in
jail.

Brandi K. Noble, aka Brandi K. Banach - 32, Paradise, Calif., warrant of
attachment, resisting/obstructing officers, $197 bond.

Jeremy R. Nordquist - 32, Wallace, warrant of attachment, minor consuming, $232
cash.

Robert G. Nottingham - 39, Othello, Wash., amended warrant of attachment,
driving under the influence, $1,066 bond.

Irena L. Ober, aka Wilkenson - 38, Superior, Mont., warrant of attachment,
driving under the influence, $201 cash.

Candy L. Oberg - 23, Cataldo, bench warrant, warrant of attachment, driving
under the influence, $2,603 bond.

Conrad R. Odom - 22, Mead, Wash., warrant of arrest, failure to obey citation
for misdemeanor, $300 bond.

Patrick M. O'Hearon - 41, Kellogg, bench warrant, failure to purchase a driver's
license, $500 bond.

Hubert M. O'Keefe - 52, Kellogg, two warrants of attachment, driving under the
influence, petty theft, $208 cash.

Lester J. Old Horn - 36, Pablo, Mont., warrant of arrest, failure to purchase a
driver's liense, $150 cash bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Shoshone County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 13, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Lisa Zane is drawn into 'Bad Influence'

BYLINE: Jeannie Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D; Jeannie Williams

LENGTH: 561 words


Lisa Zane, a Vassar grad in her 20s, is the lucky lady co-starring with Rob Lowe
and James Spader in Bad Influence, which just opened to generally excellent
reviews.

Zane turned down the part originally, and had to get the hard sell to change her
mind.

''I thought (the character of Claire) read just like a victim. I didn't want to
depict a woman like that. I just hate it - there's so much of it. It's not the
kind of role I want to play ever again: She gets picked up and used and murdered
by these two wimps... ''

The producers (including Steve Tisch, who had put her in Heart of Dixie) told
dark-haired Zane they had first planned on casting a blond innocent, ''but they
wanted me so it wouldn't smack of exploitation.''

As the movie turns out, ''You get the sense that Claire really knows she's
playing with fire, she's kind of fearless, her own woman.''

The New York Times called Zane ''cheerfully feckless'' in the part. And she is
as tough as Lowe, who lures Spader into a web of evil.

Chicago-born Zane does a nude scene - her first - with Spader for the videotape
segment that echoes Lowe's videotape scandal last year. ''You've got to do
everything once. I was game. It was fine.''

Influence was made just after Lowe's taped Atlanta sex escapades made headlines.
On the set, ''Rob was willing to quip about it,'' Zane says. ''But we pretty
much ignored it. Just on principle, I didn't see (the tape). I was going to work
with the guy and I wanted to deal with him as an actor on the set, not as some
media freak.''

She confirms Spader (who starred in last year's sex, lies and videotape) is an
intense guy. His son was born during Bad Influence's filming, ''but he plays
everything pretty close to the chest. He's very private, but he was excited.''

Zane currently stars in the mystery play Tamara in L.A.
She wonders if Influence will be her ''launching pad.'' Her ambition: ''I'd like
to bring glamour back. People are sick of seeing common folk on the screen.''
And she's ''curious to see what the '90s bring. We have to do away with moral
bankruptcy, and bring style back.''

Yes, Zane has a boyfriend, a screenwriter. No name, please: ''It's a fairly new
relationship.''
IN HER STARS: Joan Quigley, Nancy Reagan's astrologer, isn't leaving the debut
of her book to chance. She used her charts to determine the best day and time
for the first sale of What Does Joan Say? My Seven Years as White House
Astrologer to Nancy and Ronald Reagan (Birch Lane Press). Quigley, born April
10, is an Aries. What else she factored in we don't know, but she chose noon on
Thursday in her native San Francisco, where she still lives. Quigley will do a
book signing on that lucky day.
HOT TICKETS: Massachusetts' Tanglewood Music Center marks its 50th anniversary
this summer, and it'll be celebrated at a supper tonight at The Cloisters in
Manhattan, hosted by David Rockfeller Jr. Center alumni who may be on hand
include Leonard Bernstein, Seiji Ozawa, Zubin Mehta and Leontyne Price.
FAST TALK: Ricky Lauren recounts her first date with designer hubby Ralph -- in
Women's Wear Daily. They met in 1964 when she was a college student, he a tie
salesman, and went dancing.  Ralph stepped from his Morgan sports car, wearing a
pinstripe suit, tie, cuff links and suede shoes. ''He looked like a prince,''
Ricky tells WWD, eyes glistening.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, Michael Paris, Epic Productions (Motion Picture
Scenes, Bad Influence, Lisa Zane); PHOTO; b/w (Motion Picture Scenes, Bad
Influence, Lisa Zane, James Spader, Rob Lowe); PHOTO; b/w (Jeannie Williams)

CUTLINE: LISA ZANE: Troubled by 'Bad Influence' role CUTLINE: A CHILLING TRIO:
Lisa Zane stars with James Spader, left, and Rob Lowe in the psychological
thriller 'Bad Influence.'

TYPE: People

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Rhode Island: Rhode Island State Police Arrests Twelve Subjects for Driving
Under the Influence Over the Weekend

LENGTH: 715  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of State Police, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
news release:

Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of the Division's
efforts to continue to make our roadways safer, members of the Rhode Island
State Police have arrested twelve (12) subjects for Driving Under the Influence
of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs (DUI) over this past weekend. In addition to
the DUI arrests, there were fifty-two (52) other arrests on miscellaneous
charges during the period from Friday, February 6, 2015 through Monday, February
9, 2015.

The following is a list of the subjects who were arrested for Driving Under the
Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs:

Charles Farrell, age 53, of 169 Minerva Avenue, Cumberland, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Katherine Lewis, age 21, of 1152 Prospect Street, Somerset, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs (BAC .172/.177)

Daniel Bowen, age 25, of 30 Waycross Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Jerry Espinosa, age 52, of 101 Rocky Hill Road, Rehoboth, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

John Rollins, age 41, of 112 Superior Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .111/.102)
o Driving With a Suspended License

Bobby Viera, age 35, of 215 Mill Street, Apt. #113, Worcester, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Possession of a Controlled Substance (Clonazepam)
o Possession of a Controlled Substance (Oxycodone)
o Driving While in Possession of a Controlled Substance

Susan Costa, age 47, of 6 Hamilton Drive, Johnston, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .179/.178)

Angel Cruz, age 25, of 17 Kipling Street, Apt. #2, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Roy Nordberg, age 48, of 59 Cantaberry Lane, Coventry, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Sokboras Moul, age 31, of 21 Massasoit Street, Fall River, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .098/.093)

Kevin Cabral, age 28, of 47 Alfred Avenue, Johnston, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .135/.132)

Stephen Piotrowski, age 56, of 42 Waterman Street, Cumberland, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .208/.212)

Troopers also issued four hundred forty-one (441) citations, including one
hundred and thirty-four (134) speeding violations, seventy-one (71)
Seatbelt/Child Restraint violations, ten (10) Conditions Requiring Reduced
Speed/Move Over violations and four (4) Windshield Snow and Ice/Obstructed View.
They also handled one hundred one (101) accidents, with three (3) of them
involving intoxicated operators.

Colonel O'Donnell stated, "This was a fatality free weekend in Rhode Island. We
believe there is a direct correlation between traffic enforcement and the
reduction of fatal and serious motor vehicle accidents. One thing is for sure,
the twelve individuals arrested for driving while under the influence, did not
have the opportunity to kill themselves or others. I commend the troopers for
their efforts in keeping our roadways safe."

The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, move-over law violations, seatbelt and
child restraint violations. Due to the amount of snow that has accumulated and
with more snow in the forecast, we would like to remind motorists to clear the
snow from their vehicles to avoid the snow and ice from becoming projectiles and
striking other vehicles. The State Police believe that by continuing these
enforcement efforts, it makes the highways safer for all travelers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Iranian radio voices concern about alleged handover of Kazakh port to US

LENGTH: 735 words


Text of report by website of state-run Iranian radio external service from
Mashhad on 6 May

The issue of possible handover of Kazakhstan's Aktau port to the USA has been a
leading issue in discussions by political circles in the biggest Central Asian
country. The possible handover of the Aktau port to the USA has drawn the
attention of political and analyst circles of Kazakh society because this issue
was under the influence of Russian and regional media, which exaggerated issues
of Afghanistan at the recent Heart of Asia conference of foreign ministers held
in Almaty.

Moreover the thing that resulted in the increase of concern of the Kazakh
circles about the future of the USA's presence in the Aktau port is the creation
of conditions for US influence and interference in the future of stability and
security of the Caspian Sea basin. Kazakh authorities also agreed to offer the
Aktau port to the USA for the transit of NATO goods. There is no doubt in this
after Kazakh President [Nursultan Nazarbayev] declared Astana's readiness to
allow the port to be used for the transit of NATO goods. The decision to offer
Kazakhstan's Aktau port to the USA goes back to the time when official Astana
decided to set up its independent naval force in the Caspian Sea.

Spain, the UK and later the USA were the countries, which openly and secretly
opposed the setting up of the Kazakh naval forces. The Astana authorities'
attention to Washington has put an end to this opposition to the benefit of the
USA.

The WikiLeaks website had also mentioned the issue of offering Kazakhstan's
Aktau port to the USA some years ago in the height of revealing US policies in
various parts of the world, but political circles of the region, especially
Kazakhstan, paid less attention to the issue. Even at one stage the governor of
Mangistau Region of Kazakhstan spoke about so-called benefits from providing the
Aktau port to the USA and its positive consequences, but the issue reportedly
split the Kazakh government because of the volatile situation of Mangistau
Region and protests and uprising of industrial workers in the region.

It seems that the offer of Kazakhstan's Aktau port to the USA is more serious
than the Kazakh and even Russian circles imagined. The issue of hidden rivalry
of countries like China and the USA for an influential presence in major ports
of the region stretching from the Middle East and South Asia to Central Asia
became an open rivalry especially after the handover of the Gwadar port of
Pakistan to China.

Even when Pakistan's Gwadar port was given to China, some regional political
circles interpreted this issue as the USA's defeat against the expansion of
Beijing's influence in the region. Particularly, reports said that Pakistan
officially gave the operational control and construction of infrastructure in
the Gwadar port to China.

Now, Western media and circles also described the handover of the Kazakh port of
Aktau to the USA within the framework of US efforts to confront China's economic
expansion in the region stretching from Asia and the Pacific Ocean to Central
Asia.

It is said regarding this that in its intention to return to Asia and the
Pacific Ocean, the USA is after provoking tension between China and countries of
the region and in addition to increasing its role under the pretext of
instability it wants to reduce Beijing's influence on developments in the Middle
East and Africa.

This form of rivalry more than anything else shows a rivalry for the division of
share of power and world resources and reducing the role of rivals in
geopolitical and geostrategic regions.

The USA's presence in the Aktau port of Kazakhstan, as Russia's neighbour and an
influential member in regional organizations like the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization, the Collective Security Treaty Organization of the CIS, can
increase concerns of Russia and China. The USA's goal from such presence will be
particularly to influence the political, economic and security balance in the
region.

Despite all this, Kazakhstan, under the pretext of what it calls increasing its
naval and port capacities in the Caspian waters, is knowingly taking steps
towards ensuring the USA's strategic interests for so-called maintaining the
world energy security and strengthening security and stability in Afghanistan.

Source: Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran website, Mashhad, in Persian 1551
gmt 6 May 13

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

7 Irish influences in the Crossroads

BYLINE: Kayla Bell, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 822 words


March 16--In case you need an extra reason to celebrate St. Patrick's Day this
year, here are a few ways the Irish have had a local influence. From fighting
for independence to beating out deadly diseases, the Irish have made and
continue to make a mark in the Crossroads.

Influence in Texas independence

As many as 25 Irishmen are thought to have signed the Goliad Declaration of
Independence, and 100 were listed as fighting in the Battle of San Jacinto,
according to the Texas State Historical Association.

Of those, Victoria Sheriff T. Michael O'Connor said his Irish ancestor, Thomas
O'Connor, was one of the youngest soldiers to fight in that battle. According to
other sources, he was 16 at the time.

Four Irishmen signed the Texas Declaration of Independence, 14 Irishmen were
killed at the Goliad Massacre, and 11 died at the battle of the Alamo, according
to the historical association.

Power and Hewetson Colony

Irishmen James Power and James Hewetson were the first Irishmen to receive
empresario contracts to settle the Texas coast with Irish Catholic and Mexican
families, according to the historical association. By 1831, and after a few
conflicts with other empresarios, the partners settled with lands extending from
Coleto Creek to the mouth of the Nueces River. This land was divided into 200
titles, and several families settled in what is now Refugio County before the
Congress of the Republic of Texas declared them state property, according to the
association.

Pilgrimage to South Texas

Nearly half of the colonists who attempted the trip to South Texas may have died
from cholera along the way. After gaining contracts on the land, Power traveled
back to Ireland in 1833 to recruit settlers with the promise of land, according
to the historical association. He returned with about 350 people from
Ballygarrett Parish, on the southeast coast of Ireland.

The immigrants came in two waves, the first 100 staying in New Orleans a month
before the next wave. In New Orleans, as many as 150 colonists contracted
cholera and died, according to the historical association. Of those who reached
Port Aransas, several were stricken with cholera, while others fled to the
abandoned Refugio Mission.

Empresario land remains through generations

Land acquired from the contracts attained by Power is still held by several of
his descendents. Power was the uncle of Thomas O'Connor, who Power convinced to
journey to South Texas at the age of 14.

Victoria County Sheriff T. Michael O'Connor said boys who weren't the firstborn
were often expected to develop lives outside the family farm, which his ancestor
did by moving to Texas.

"It's interesting the family still retains ownership of properties that were
originally acquired from the first Thomas O'Connor," the sheriff said. "The
value of stewardship was very emphasized to every generation, of being good
stewards of not only land, but of the people."

Port O'Connor

A 70,000-acre Alligator Head Ranch, formerly owned by Thomas M. O'Connor, would
become Port O'Connor in 1909, according to the historical association. Thomas M.
O'Connor was Sheriff O'Connor's great-grandfather, making the sheriff the fifth
generation with the same name. "We've not been very creative on the male side,
as far as names," the sheriff joked. But he gave due credit to his
great-grandfather, who the sheriff said was the most entrepreneurial of all
generations. Thomas M. O'Connor was instrumental in bringing the railroad to the
area, which helped the port progress as a center of commerce and tourism before
being plagued by a hurricanes.

Pilgrimage back to Ireland

In 1996, a delegation from Refugio returned to Ballygarrett Parish to visit the
village of their ancestors, said Rosemary Kelley, co-director at the Refugio
County Museum. Thirty-two people took part in a commemoration of ancestors who
left the village 160 earlier, Kelley said. Maxine Reilly, a descendent of a
family from Balleygarrett, presented a local parish with the Mexican flag, while
Louise O'Connor presented them a Texas flag.

Sheriff O'Connor said several of his family members have maintained
relationships with relatives in Ireland, who still reside on the original family
property from the 1700s. He said he and his son hope to visit the land in County
Cork next year.

St. Patty's Coincidence

Refugio and San Patricio counties, those who were settled by the first Irish
empresarios, were some of the initial counties to be established after the Texas
Revolution. They were established on March 17, 1836 -- St. Patrick's Day,
according to the historical association.

Sponsored Links

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110316-VI-7-Irish-influences-in-the-Crossroads-0316-20110316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2011 Victoria Advocate


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 31, 2004 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O02

LENGTH: 362 words


Paul Derek Albea, 47, of the 5700 block of Harlem-Grovetown Road in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence March 27, 2004, and was fined $700.

William Davidson Bail-ey, 19, of the 3500 block of Highway 56 North in
Waynesboro, was charged with driving under the influence Nov. 21, 2003, and was
fined $725.

Brent Levi Baldwin, 19, of the 200 block of Pin Court in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence May 23, 2004, and was fined $700.

Kyle Anthony Blackstone, 37, of the 4500 block of Plan-tation Road in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence Jan. 25, 2004, and was fined $700.

Harper Donald Deaner, 34, of the 4300 block of Evans to Locks Road in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 12, 2003, and was fined $1,100.

Corey Vickroy Higgins, 19, of the 600 block of Devon Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence March 29, 2004, and was fined $700.

Johnnie Clarence Jackson, 45, of the 2400 block of Tobacco Road in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 22, 2004, and was fined $1,350.

James Thomas Gibbs, 66, of Evans, was charged with driving under the influence
Feb. 16, 2002, and was fined $1,350.

Charles Hubbard Hada-way, 26, of the 789 Hammond Drive in Atlanta, was charged
with driving under the influence Oct. 7, 2003, and was fined $1,350.

Richard Lawrence Usher, 41, of the 15000 block of Wellington Drive in Taylor,
Mich., was charged with driving under the influence on June 26, 1992, and was
fined $600.

Joshua Ray Newman, 30, of the 2500 block of Sheraton Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 5, 2004, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

Gardino Cesar Barreto, 23, of the 2900 block of Gordon Highway in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 6, 2004, and was sentenced to 60
days in jail.

Lavasiette Michelle Hop-good, 38, of the 1400 block of Monroe Street in Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence March 27, 2004, and was fined $700.

Robert Willis Jacobs, 19, of the 800 block of Morris Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 7, 2003, and was fined $725.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 12, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 538 words


SHOSHONE COUNTY

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114. Most contempt warrants can be taken care
of by contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

David A. Martinez - 35, Pablo, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving without
privileges, $566 bond.

William M. Materne - 31, Spokane, warrant of attachment, bench warrant, driving
while suspended, failure to appear, $363 cash, two days in jail.

Ricky R. Mathis - 40, Wallace, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $507 bond.

Dean E. Matt, aka John Sunset - 55, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving
while suspended, $78 cash bond.

Adam C. Matthews - 29, Albuquerque, N.M., bench warrant, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $1,000 bond.

Jeaneane M. Mattis, aka Marcelle, aka More, aka Schraider, aka Stone Moren - 40,
Wallace, bench warrant, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Carl R. Mattson - 67, Osburn, bench warrant, driving under the influence, $1,000
bond.

Maria E. McBrien,  aka Leagult, aka McBride, aka Angel Wood - 31, Boise, warrant
of attachment, driving without privileges, $168 bond.

Michael L. McBroom aka David L. Fischman, aka Mike Hammond, aka Kevin R. McBroom
- 50, Kellogg, two warrants of attachment, leaving the scene of an accident, no
driver's license, possession of less than three ounces of marijuana, driving
under the influence, grand theft, $673 cash bond.

Lonnie R. McConnell - 34, Silverton, warrant of attachment, driving while
suspended, $144 bond.

Brian C. McDonald - 27, Kellogg, warrant of attachment, bench warrant,
possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia,
malicious injury to property, $5,483 bond.

Stewart C. McDougall - 62, Acton, Conn., bench warrant, leaving the scene of an
accident, striking an unattended vehicle, $3,000 bond.

Joseph E. McEthmar,  aka Robert Gregory - 38, Okanogan, Wash., warrant of
attachment, bench warrant, driving under the influence, driving while suspended,
$578 bond, six days in jail.

Milton E. McGee - 48, Great Falls, warrant of attachment, driving without
privileges, $213 bond.

Frank G. McHard  - 35, Nashua, N.H., warrant of attachment, driving without
privileges, driving under the influence, possession of drug paraphernalia, $850
bond.

Daniel J. McHone  - 26, Post Falls, bench warrant, driving without privileges,
$1,000 bond.

Adam J. McIntyre  - 30, Pinehurst, warrant of attachment, leaving the scene of
injury accident, reckless driving, driving while suspended, $841 cash.

Gloria G. McIntyre - 52, Kellogg, warrant of attachment, petty theft, $76 cash.

Dougless  D. McMahon - 43, Chubbuck, Idaho, warrant of attachment, disturbing
the peace, obstructing/resisting officers, $263 cash.

Kelly S. McMonagle, cq aka Santiago, aka David E. Latimer - 35, Stevensville,
Mont., warrant of attachment, escape, providing false information to law
enforcement, driving without privileges, $628 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (Motherlode)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

The Power of Place: One Last Thought on Moving

BYLINE: MARY LAURA PHILPOTT

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 921 words



HIGHLIGHT: Is our new city changing us? Or would we be changing anyway, simply
by virtue of growing up, getting older, and evolving in our lives?


"Places do things to you," Mohsin Hamid wrotein The New York Times Book Review
when asked, "How does place influence writing?" It's a question I've been
pondering in a broader context lately: How does place influence living?

Obviously, your surroundings influence how you do things. If you live in a
walking city, for example, you spend less time in the car, which means you may
become healthier in body and mind. I know better than to believe, however, that
where you are determines who you are - that if you live a certain way in one
place you won't live at least somewhat that way if you go somewhere else. If
you're an optimist in North Dakota, you'll likely be an optimist in North
Carolina. If you're a jerk in Maine, you'll be a jerk in Spain. We are who we
are, and no move changes that.

Still, place matters. It's impossible not to be affected by the environment in
which our daily lives marinate. Since my family and I moved to Nashville from
Atlanta four months ago, our new home city has indeed influenced the way we
live.

I can see my 11-year-old son stretching with relief into the green, expansive
natural surroundings here. This is a boy who has always been at home in the
wild. When he was tiny, I would tell his teachers, "If you ever can't find him
at recess, check the woods around the playground." We now live around the corner
from a cow pasture and five minutes from the lake and forests of a state park.
On our own property wander rabbits, deer and wild turkeys. As my son falls
asleep, he can watch from his bedroom window as the sun sets and the stars light
up over the leafy tops of the ash trees in our backyard.

Does all this have anything to do with how adventurous he has been lately in
saying, "Sure, I'll try it," when presented with something new? Does the comfort
of being in all this nature give him the confidence to reach a little further
when it comes to, say, trying out for the swim team or speaking to a real-live
female classmate? Perhaps not, but somehow, I feel as if they are related. (Or
maybe his openness to new things here has something to do with the fact that
this city has not reached the overcrowded point where picking your
extracurricular activities means joining a waiting list half a year in advance.
There is less pressure in deciding to try out for the golf team when you can
decide the week of whether you would like to do it.)

My 8-year-old daughter seems to have picked up on the fact that she lives in a
city that thrives on the very resource she has in endless supply: creative
energy. She's my child who from the moment she could hold a pencil was writing
notes and tucking them under our pillows, painting on any surface that didn't
move, and talking animatedly to herself in the mirror. In Nashville, the arts
seem  - to me, at least - more integrated into mainstream life than they are in
many other cities. Her schoolmates' parents here are writers, actors and
musicians as well as doctors, lawyers  and software engineers. She sees all
these possibilities around her. She likes to make little tunic-style shirts out
of brightly colored fabric, and at her new school, where for the first time she
is not restricted to a uniform, she can wear them. (Oh, how I miss the ease of
uniforms, though.) She has asked me 10 times in the last week if she can
audition for the school play. I love that she is growing up in a place where
working in the arts is as common as working in a bank. How might this shape her
future choices?

As for me, I feel simultaneously relaxed and energized by having more regular
contact with people who work in creative fields. I know a big part of that comes
from my job at an independent bookstore where I'm around authors, readers and
fellow nerds who like to do and talk about many of the same things I like to do
and talk about. Intellectual and creative stimulation is all around me in this
city, alleviating a kind of loneliness I'm not even sure I fully realized I was
feeling before.

Maybe I'm wrong, though. Maybe it isn't place that has done something to us.
Maybe the changes we've made in our lives over the last few months have nothing
to do with Nashville. Maybe my son is naturally maturing into an age where
children start trying new things. Maybe my daughter's craftiness would bloom in
any climate. Maybe I'm doing work  I would have found a way to do someway,
somehow, anywhere.

And maybe in four more months, we'll be saying, "Well, that was a huge mistake."
I have no idea. My hunch is that we won't, but I know it's too early to think
we've jumped all the hurdles, practical and emotional, that moving has to offer
- too early to call it a success. I would love to come to the conclusion of this
essay series and say, "And in the end, the lesson is ..." But I don't have a
lesson to offer, and it's not really the end. Tomorrow, we will still be here,
and we will still be living, changing people.

Mary Laura Philpott is a writer living (as of just recently) in Nashville. She
is the editor of Musing for Parnassus Books, and her next book, "Penguins With
People Problems," will be published by Perigee Books, an imprint of Penguin
Random House, next year. This is the final entry in a series about her family's
transition to new schools and a new life in Nashville. Look for a new "Diary"
starting next Tuesday.

Like what you're reading? Get the best of Motherlode articles, links, comments
and conversation, along with previews of posts to come, delivered each week to
your inbox. Sign up here.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (Motherlode)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

The Power of Place: One Last Thought on Moving

BYLINE: MARY LAURA PHILPOTT

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 921 words



HIGHLIGHT: Is our new city changing us? Or would we be changing anyway, simply
by virtue of growing up, getting older, and evolving in our lives?


"Places do things to you," Mohsin Hamid wrotein The New York Times Book Review
when asked, "How does place influence writing?" It's a question I've been
pondering in a broader context lately: How does place influence living?

Obviously, your surroundings influence how you do things. If you live in a
walking city, for example, you spend less time in the car, which means you may
become healthier in body and mind. I know better than to believe, however, that
where you are determines who you are - that if you live a certain way in one
place you won't live at least somewhat that way if you go somewhere else. If
you're an optimist in North Dakota, you'll likely be an optimist in North
Carolina. If you're a jerk in Maine, you'll be a jerk in Spain. We are who we
are, and no move changes that.

Still, place matters. It's impossible not to be affected by the environment in
which our daily lives marinate. Since my family and I moved to Nashville from
Atlanta four months ago, our new home city has indeed influenced the way we
live.

I can see my 11-year-old son stretching with relief into the green, expansive
natural surroundings here. This is a boy who has always been at home in the
wild. When he was tiny, I would tell his teachers, "If you ever can't find him
at recess, check the woods around the playground." We now live around the corner
from a cow pasture and five minutes from the lake and forests of a state park.
On our own property wander rabbits, deer and wild turkeys. As my son falls
asleep, he can watch from his bedroom window as the sun sets and the stars light
up over the leafy tops of the ash trees in our backyard.

Does all this have anything to do with how adventurous he has been lately in
saying, "Sure, I'll try it," when presented with something new? Does the comfort
of being in all this nature give him the confidence to reach a little further
when it comes to, say, trying out for the swim team or speaking to a real-live
female classmate? Perhaps not, but somehow, I feel as if they are related. (Or
maybe his openness to new things here has something to do with the fact that
this city has not reached the overcrowded point where picking your
extracurricular activities means joining a waiting list half a year in advance.
There is less pressure in deciding to try out for the golf team when you can
decide the week of whether you would like to do it.)

My 8-year-old daughter seems to have picked up on the fact that she lives in a
city that thrives on the very resource she has in endless supply: creative
energy. She's my child who from the moment she could hold a pencil was writing
notes and tucking them under our pillows, painting on any surface that didn't
move, and talking animatedly to herself in the mirror. In Nashville, the arts
seem  - to me, at least - more integrated into mainstream life than they are in
many other cities. Her schoolmates' parents here are writers, actors and
musicians as well as doctors, lawyers  and software engineers. She sees all
these possibilities around her. She likes to make little tunic-style shirts out
of brightly colored fabric, and at her new school, where for the first time she
is not restricted to a uniform, she can wear them. (Oh, how I miss the ease of
uniforms, though.) She has asked me 10 times in the last week if she can
audition for the school play. I love that she is growing up in a place where
working in the arts is as common as working in a bank. How might this shape her
future choices?

As for me, I feel simultaneously relaxed and energized by having more regular
contact with people who work in creative fields. I know a big part of that comes
from my job at an independent bookstore where I'm around authors, readers and
fellow nerds who like to do and talk about many of the same things I like to do
and talk about. Intellectual and creative stimulation is all around me in this
city, alleviating a kind of loneliness I'm not even sure I fully realized I was
feeling before.

Maybe I'm wrong, though. Maybe it isn't place that has done something to us.
Maybe the changes we've made in our lives over the last few months have nothing
to do with Nashville. Maybe my son is naturally maturing into an age where
children start trying new things. Maybe my daughter's craftiness would bloom in
any climate. Maybe I'm doing work  I would have found a way to do someway,
somehow, anywhere.

And maybe in four more months, we'll be saying, "Well, that was a huge mistake."
I have no idea. My hunch is that we won't, but I know it's too early to think
we've jumped all the hurdles, practical and emotional, that moving has to offer
- too early to call it a success. I would love to come to the conclusion of this
essay series and say, "And in the end, the lesson is ..." But I don't have a
lesson to offer, and it's not really the end. Tomorrow, we will still be here,
and we will still be living, changing people.

Mary Laura Philpott is a writer living (as of just recently) in Nashville. She
is the editor of Musing for Parnassus Books, and her next book, "Penguins With
People Problems," will be published by Perigee Books, an imprint of Penguin
Random House, next year. This is the final entry in a series about her family's
transition to new schools and a new life in Nashville. Look for a new "Diary"
starting next Tuesday.

Like what you're reading? Get the best of Motherlode articles, links, comments
and conversation, along with previews of posts to come, delivered each week to
your inbox. Sign up here.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             April 13, 2009 Monday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 434 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Luis A. Almodovar Jr., 23, of 3824 Gregg Way #C for driving under the influence
and failure to maintain a traffic lane at 2:35 a.m. Friday at Logan Avenue and
East 22nd Street.

Kailie D. Harris, 21, of 217 E. 21st St. for driving under the influence and
misdemeanor marijuana possession at 2:30 a.m. Friday in the 4000 block of
Central Avenue.

Adam L. Luce, 36, of 4502 E. 16th St. for driving under the influence at 1:46
a.m. Friday in the 1100 block of East Lincolnway.

Brett R. Walker, 36, of Longmont, Colo. for driving under the influence and
speeding at 1:30 a.m. Friday at Carbon Avenue and Lincolnway.

Aaron J. Moran, 32, of 132 S. Arp Ave. for aggravated assault threats with a
deadly weapon and domestic violence at 10:35 p.m. Thursday at 1714 E. Fox Farm
Road.

David A. Stokes, 37, of 207 W. Seventh Ave. on a misdemeanor warrant for
domestic assault and battery at 7:51 a.m. Thursday at his residence.

Leslie B. Stroup, 46, transient, for felony attempted aggravated assault with a
deadly weapon at 7:02 a.m. Thursday at the Cheyenne Police Department, 2020
Capitol Ave.

Bernadette M. Sanchez, 30, transient, for driving under the influence, failure
to maintain a traffic lane and driving with a suspended license at 2:38 a.m.
Thursday at 1922 E. Lincolnway.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Chasity R. Rodriguez, 23, of Mesa, Ariz. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to
appear in court at 10:51 p.m. Thursday in the 1500 block of South Greeley
Highway.

Richard O. Santistevan, 59, of 1007 W. 29th St. on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to appear in court at 10:30 p.m. Thursday at the Laramie County jail,
1910 Pioneer Ave.

Tina M. Venzor, 34, of 2205 Gordon Road #31 on a felony warrant for probation
violation at 3:45 p.m. Thursday at the Laramie County jail.

Anthony M. Abeyta, 52, of 217 E. Sixth St. on a misdemeanor warrant for a
third-time offense domestic assault and battery at 3:15 p.m. Thursday at the
Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol was:

Patrick A. Robertson, 48, of Fort Collins, Colo. for misdemeanor obstructive
conduct within government property at 11:07 p.m. Thursday at the state parking
structure, 25th Street and Pioneer Avenue.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 12, 2007 Monday

Crime Watch for 11/07/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Ronald Rhoades, 942 Marbrook Lane; simple assault; waived to court.

Anthony C. Muscarelli, c/o York County Prison; theft by deception, fraud
business practices; waived to court.

Richard D. Miller, 254 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; marijuana-small amount
for personal use; held for court.

Heather L. Hobbs, 4021 Old Orchard Road; bad checks; paid costs and restitution.

Julia L. Baron, 460 Conewago Creek Road, Manchester; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Amber L. Patton, 400 Peppermill Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Lisa Fetrow, 568 W. Market St.; criminal conspiracy/simple assault, robbery,
criminal conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking, criminal conspiracy/receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Alberto Illarza Jr., 37 N. Hartman St.; aggravated assault, robbery, escape,
theft by unlawful taking, simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Gretchen N. Newcomer, 520 Campbell Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Glen A. Shue, 927 E. Boundary Ave.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Thomas E. Casner, 3712 Kimberly Lane, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment; held for court.

Manuel L. Santiago, 314 E. King St.; fleeing/attempting to elude police,
habitual offenders, stop signs/yield signs, expired inspection; waived to court.

Edwin J. Wintermyers, 160 Hamilton Ave.; retail theft, driving under suspension;
held for court.

Justin A. Mathison, 450 Hoke St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Timothy Reed, 410 Holly Drive, Mount Wolf; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Duane Hull Jr., 87 S. Main St., Dover; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Sheila Smith, 1583 W. Poplar Terrace; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Louise Reisinger, 123 Hanover St., Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Donald Joline, 6560 Delta Road, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Kim Burg, 121 First Ave., Red Lion; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Scott Rudacille, 2630 Durham Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Carl Huggins, 407 W. Market St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Robert Reeser, 215 Busser Ave., Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Martin Klimm, 3699 Orwig Road, Stewartstown; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Bonnie Entler, 187 New Bridgeville Road, Wrightsville; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Travis Keener, 321 N. Newberry St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid costs and
restitution.

David Gibbons, 1200 N. George St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Patricia Moore, 126 W. Boundary Ave.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Eric Heuer, P.O. Box 71, Fawn Grove; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Roger Harris, 1015 Mitchell Road, Airville; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

John Meighan, 104 S. Pershing Ave.; tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Dorothy Abramson, 6961 Wertzville Road, Apt. 4, Enola; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Veronica Bowman, 162 E. Cottage Place; tax violation; found guilty, paid costs.

Dimetrious Aiken, 23E High St., Windsor; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Kimberly Everhart, 1431 W. King St.; property maintenance; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Kim Reed, 8222 Glenville School Road, Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Masekque Smith, 925 Northbriar Drive; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Bertha Williams, 527 Ludlow Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Rhode Island: Rhode Island State Police Arrests Twelve Subjects for Driving
Under the Influence Over the Weekend

LENGTH: 715  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of State Police, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
news release:

Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of the Division's
efforts to continue to make our roadways safer, members of the Rhode Island
State Police have arrested twelve (12) subjects for Driving Under the Influence
of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs (DUI) over this past weekend. In addition to
the DUI arrests, there were fifty-two (52) other arrests on miscellaneous
charges during the period from Friday, February 6, 2015 through Monday, February
9, 2015.

The following is a list of the subjects who were arrested for Driving Under the
Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs:

Charles Farrell, age 53, of 169 Minerva Avenue, Cumberland, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Katherine Lewis, age 21, of 1152 Prospect Street, Somerset, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs (BAC .172/.177)

Daniel Bowen, age 25, of 30 Waycross Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Jerry Espinosa, age 52, of 101 Rocky Hill Road, Rehoboth, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

John Rollins, age 41, of 112 Superior Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .111/.102)
o Driving With a Suspended License

Bobby Viera, age 35, of 215 Mill Street, Apt. #113, Worcester, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Possession of a Controlled Substance (Clonazepam)
o Possession of a Controlled Substance (Oxycodone)
o Driving While in Possession of a Controlled Substance

Susan Costa, age 47, of 6 Hamilton Drive, Johnston, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .179/.178)

Angel Cruz, age 25, of 17 Kipling Street, Apt. #2, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Roy Nordberg, age 48, of 59 Cantaberry Lane, Coventry, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Sokboras Moul, age 31, of 21 Massasoit Street, Fall River, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .098/.093)

Kevin Cabral, age 28, of 47 Alfred Avenue, Johnston, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .135/.132)

Stephen Piotrowski, age 56, of 42 Waterman Street, Cumberland, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC .208/.212)

Troopers also issued four hundred forty-one (441) citations, including one
hundred and thirty-four (134) speeding violations, seventy-one (71)
Seatbelt/Child Restraint violations, ten (10) Conditions Requiring Reduced
Speed/Move Over violations and four (4) Windshield Snow and Ice/Obstructed View.
They also handled one hundred one (101) accidents, with three (3) of them
involving intoxicated operators.

Colonel O'Donnell stated, "This was a fatality free weekend in Rhode Island. We
believe there is a direct correlation between traffic enforcement and the
reduction of fatal and serious motor vehicle accidents. One thing is for sure,
the twelve individuals arrested for driving while under the influence, did not
have the opportunity to kill themselves or others. I commend the troopers for
their efforts in keeping our roadways safe."

The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, move-over law violations, seatbelt and
child restraint violations. Due to the amount of snow that has accumulated and
with more snow in the forecast, we would like to remind motorists to clear the
snow from their vehicles to avoid the snow and ice from becoming projectiles and
striking other vehicles. The State Police believe that by continuing these
enforcement efforts, it makes the highways safer for all travelers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday

TAXONOMY OF MEMORY;
RAEL-BUCKLEY TO LECTURE ON HER WORK AND INFLUENCES

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: TEMPO; Pg. TE-28

LENGTH: 392 words


Staff report

Artist Deborah Rael-Buckley has been on a roll, with awards and recognition
following her virtually everywhere she goes. She participated in her first
Contemporary Hispanic Market in 2005 and was awarded Best in Show and Best in
Ceramics. Her piece entitled "Visitation" was purchased by the State of New
Mexico and is permanently installed in the Toney Anaya Building in Santa Fe. The
National Museum of Mexican Art in Chicago has included one of her sculptures in
its permanent collection. And that's just the short list.

The Harwood Museum of Art of the University of New Mexico is presenting a
lecture with Rael-Buckley today (Nov. 15), 7 p.m. at the museum. She will
discuss her work and influences.

As explained in her Web site, Rael-Buckley's works tell stories of contained
memory through a series of figure and chair-based forms, layered with what she
terms "the taxonomy of memory": The layering of personal, cultural, historical
and biological imagery. Her influences are fueled by research in gothic stained
glass, the architecture of Antoni Gaudi and Simon Rodia, Renaissance painting,
and the art and architecture of ancient Mexico.

Born in New Mexico in 1953, Rael-Buckley began taking art history courses at
UNM-Albuquerque, after which she transferred to the University of Illinois in
Chicago, where she was awarded the McNee Foundation Award, and took a degree
with honors in the history of art and architecture in 1994, graduating Phi Beta
Kappa. After a move to Milwaukee, Wis., she began taking several introductory
courses in studio arts and uncovered a profound interest in ceramics and
sculpture.

Rael-Buckley has exhibited nationally and internationally, most recently in
Brussels, Belgium where she lived and worked for two years. Rael-Buckley
returned to New Mexico in 2003, and now lives and works in Ranchos de Taos. Her
sculpture, "Rosas Sin Espinas" (Roses Without Thorns) was chosen for the
exhibition, "Originals, 2007: New Mexico Women Artists" and is on view at
Millicent Rogers Museum through December. Her work can also be seen privately in
her studio or at Blue Rain Gallery in Santa Fe.

Admission to the lecture is $8, free to Harwood Alliance members and the UNM
community.

The Harwood Museum is located at 238 Ledoux St. For more information, call (575)
758-9826 ext. 105., or visit www.harwoodmuseum.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 390 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Shelly R. Adair - 24, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Edwin F. Chobot - 81, Seattle, contemptuous conduct/criminal contempt of court,
$100,000 bond.

Gay L. Estep - 37, Hope, failure to appear/issuing an insufficient funds check,
$500 bond.

Thomas S. Johnson - 53, Hope, grand theft, $50,000 bond.

Rodney P. Kamp - 56, Ponderay, failure to appear/issuing an insufficient funds
check, $1,598 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

John R. Allard - 59, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
two days in jail, $377 bond.

James W. Anderson - 37, Noxon, Mont., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $6,000 bond.

Aaron Che Knute Ayala - 37, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, two days in jail, $348 bond.

Bruce W. Bernard - 49, Franklin, Wisc., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, 10 days in jail, $589 bond.

Rachel A. Bujko - 20, Priest River, possession of a controlled substance, $2,500
bond.

Marc C. Cameron - 32, Kent, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the influence
, $2,000 bond.

Anthony J. Pitman Carty - 27, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery, domestic
violence (two counts), $10,000 bond.

James T. Darlington - 41, Post Falls, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $6,500 bond.

Ryan J. Day - 27, Missoula, failure to appear and failure to comply/driving
under the influence, $7,500 bond.

Joel T. Diekhoff - 24, Coeur d'Alene, battery, failure to comply/driving offense
by person owning/controlling vehicle.

Arthur L. Eakin - 44, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

George R. Haley - 46, Kootenai, failure to comply/driving without privileges, 10
days in jail.

Aaron R. Hinrich - 29, Sandpoint, failure to appear and failure to
comply/driving under the influence, $7,000 bond.

Chadwin King - 24, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/disturbing the peace,
malicious injury to property, $11,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: *Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 3/29/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 212 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Angela Hollerbeck, E. Cottage Place; theft by deception; waived to court.John
Mitchem III, Londenderry Road, Harrisburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Douglas McDaniel, Wilson Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Harry Miller, Pear Ave., Manchester; theft of services; waived to court.

Brandon Linn, Old Forge Road, New Cumberland; unauthorized use of motor/other
vehicles; waived to court.

Michael Reiley, Coolidge St., New Cumberland; unauthorized use of motor/other
vehicles; waived to court.

Jacinta Leister, Whiskey Springs; Dillsburg; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Coleby Frye, Lewisberry Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jeffrey Wintermyer, Hill Drive, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Ernest Moppin III, Old Trail Road, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Valerie Ream, Water St., Middletown; theft by deception; held for court.

James J. Harvey Jr., Main St., Towanda; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Craig Shover, Bill Dugan Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 17, 2013 Sunday

Grand Forks Herald Mike Jacobs column

BYLINE: Mike Jacobs, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 903 words


Feb. 17--It's not difficult to name the U.S. presidents whose policies have had
the most direct impact on North Dakota. They are Thomas Jefferson and Abraham
Lincoln.

A handful of others had major influence, too -- but it's harder to round out the
Top 10 among presidents influential in what North Dakota is today.

Jefferson sent Lewis and Clark across the Plains to the Pacific, and this alone
would earn him a place among the most important presidents in North Dakota
history.

Jefferson's influence is evident on the state's landscape, too. He was the
father of the Northwest Ordinance, which laid out the way in which the West
would be surveyed. Our rectilinear landscape is the direct result.

His influence on the state's political life is enormous, and not just because he
had a hand in establishing the government institutions that were adopted in
every state. Jefferson's political philosophy has had an especially lasting
impact here.

Lincoln's contribution might be more concrete. He signed the Homestead Act,
which made settlement possible. He also signed the Northern Pacific Land Grant,
which brought a transcontinental railroad to the state. The Burlington Northern,
successor to the NP Railway, continues to hold land and -- especially --
minerals in North Dakota.

Of course, Benjamin Harrison must be included on the list of presidents whose
policies had a big impact on North Dakota. He signed the bill admitting North
Dakota as a state. South Dakota, too. Plus, Montana, Washington, Idaho and
Wyoming -- more new states than any president other than George Washington.

North Dakotans also regard Theodore Roosevelt as an important influence on the
state -- but in reality, the time Roosevelt spent in the Little Missouri River
Badlands probably had more influence on him than he did on the future state.

Probably the most important of Roosevelt's contributions to North Dakota --
though not necessarily the most appreciated these days -- was the system of
national wildlife refuges. Several in North Dakota were among the nation's
first, established by Roosevelt's executive order.

Actions taken by the second Roosevelt probably had more impact. FDR's economic
policies helped the state through the Great Depression and his penchant for
building changed the state's landscape. The Missouri River dams are a Roosevelt
legacy.

Among modern presidents, Dwight Eisenhower may rank first in impact on North
Dakota -- though John Kennedy must be considered, too. The Eisenhower
administration brought two important developments, the interstate highway system
and the Air Force bases.

Kennedy's administration helped rural electric cooperatives to take advantage of
the Missouri River dams -- and to begin large scale development of the state's
coal reserves. All of this was possible using low-interest loans from the Rural
Electrification Administration.

Kennedy's administration was enthusiastic about other large developments, too,
including the Garrison Diversion Project, which dominated North Dakota politics
for a couple of decades. There's still agitation to move water from the Missouri
across North Dakota.

Jefferson. Lincoln. Harrison. The two Roosevelts. Eisenhower. Kennedy. That
gives us seven influential presidents.

But which chief executives would round out a Top 10 list?

Ulysses Grant should make the list, for his administration's policy toward
American Indians -- at once paternalist and warlike, compassionate and inept --
but with the result that native populations were devastated here and elsewhere
on the Plains.

Grant deserves a mention, too, because he was the first president to visit the
state -- although he was no longer in office when he stopped in Bismarck to
celebrate the completion of the Northern Pacific Railway.

William McKinley merits mention for his insistence on the gold standard. This
hard currency approach to monetary policy was deeply unpopular in the
agricultural and mining states of the West, and helped fan the flames of
populism, an enduring piece of North Dakota's political culture.

So that leaves one place to fill.

My suggested candidate might be a surprise.

Franklin Pierce is regarded as one of the half dozen worst presidents in the
nation's history. His term of office ended in 1857, a full generation before
North Dakota became a state.

Yet a single action that he took vaults him onto the list.

He named Isaac Ingalls Stevens as governor of Washington Territory, and on the
way to this posting, Stevens commanded an expedition to assess the possibility
of a transcontinental railroad across the Northern Plains. The Stevens
Expedition did that -- and much more, providing glimpses into the region's
natural history, native peoples and the relationships of European and native
peoples. Plus artists accompanying Stevens produced unexcelled views of the
Northern Plains as they were before the rush of settlement changed the landscape
forever.

If you're in Grand Forks today, you can learn more about the Stevens Expedition.
Come to the Grand Forks County Historical Society's Myra Museum on Belmont Road
at 2 p.m. to hear more about what Franklin Pierce did for North Dakota.

Jacobs is publisher of the Herald. Call him at (701) 780-1103, (800) 477-6572
ext. 1103 or send email to mjacobs@gfherald.com

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130217-GF-Grand-Forks-Herald-Mike-Jacobs-column-0217-20130217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday
                                 4STAR Edition

Tattle |

BYLINE: By Howard Gensler

SECTION: FEATURES; Howard Gensler; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 574 words


WHILE MOST people ponder the important questions of life like "Why am I here?"
and "Why is the sky blue?" Tattle wonders:

"Are more celebrities driving under the influence?"

"Are we more aware of celebrities driving under the influence?"

Or "Are there just too many celebrities?"

The latest to get pulled over was Taboo (aka Jaime Luis Gomez) of the Black Eyed
Peas, who was arrested on, what else, suspicion of driving under the influence.

The crash was probably a clue.

The 31-year-old hip-hop singer was taken into custody Tuesday morning after a
smash-up about 20 miles east of Los Angeles, said L.A. sheriff's Lt. Mark Relyea
.

Gomez was released with a citation for possession of less than an ounce of
marijuana, possession of a prescribed medication without a prescription and
driving under the influence, Relyea said.

*  Jessica Smith, a former cast member of MTV's "Laguna Beach: The Real Orange
County," was arrested for investigation of felony driving under the influence of
alcohol, the California Highway Patrol said.

The crash was probably a clue.

Smith, 19, smashed a 1999 Volkswagen Beetle into another car late Monday night
on northbound I-5, a CHP report said.

But it may not have been the booze. Smith was also driving too fast and the
roads were wet.

The driver of the other car had minor injuries as did a passenger in Smith's
car.

Smith remained in custody in lieu of $100,000 bail. Her arraignment was
scheduled yesterday.

Tattbits*  Jessica Simpson has donated a new minivan to an orphanage in the
Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo.

Dozens of cheering children greeted Jessica Sunday as she arrived at the Elim
orphanage, just across the border from Laredo, Texas, in a white 2007 Chrysler
minivan that she had won at the MTV Video Music Awards.

But after handing the minivan's keys over to the orphanage director, she then
had to crawl across the border like everyone else.

*  Whiny pop star James Blunt and his supermodel girlfriend, Petra Nemcova, have
split up. And a London Sun source says he dumped her.

The Sun says the former soldier and the present beauty "drifted apart," but
given how Nemcova lost her fiance Simon Atlee in the Asian tsunami of 2004,
"drifted apart" seems kind of cold.

As for a recently rumored Blunt-Lindsay Lohan hook-up, a Blunt source denies an
affair. "James was one of a group of about 30 people who went back to Lindsay's
house for a party," the source said. "There's nothing going on between them."

*  Foxy Brown (aka Inga Marchand) pleaded not guilty yesterday to two
misdemeanor charges stemming from an alleged scuffle at a beauty-supply store in
Pembroke Pines, Florida.

"I am going to stand up and fight and take care of this," Foxy said, according
to the South Florida Sun-Sentinel.

Maybe Foxy should sit down and not fight.

*  Scott Weiland's wife, Mary, said an imbalance of medications for bipolar
disorder caused the behavior that left hotel rooms trashed and led to her arrest
for allegedly torching Scott's clothes.

"The weekend's difficulties were brought on by a reaction to an imbalance in
medications used to treat my bipolar disorder," she said in a statement released
Tuesday.

" . . . Payment for the damages to the Graciela Hotel has already been made. The
gracious staff and management have accepted our apologies and welcome us back in
the future," she said.

Preferably in a room not next to ours. *

Daily News wire services contributed to this report.

Send e-mail to gensleh@phillynews. com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 05/20/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1065 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Stephen P. Mitchell, Tre Vose; theft by deception-false impression, deceptive
business practices: less than one quantity; waived to court.

Eric Lamont Davis Jr., York; attempt criminal homicide, aggravated assault,
simple assault; sent to court of common pleas.

Terri L. Mayberry, Lewisberry; criminal mischief-damage property intent,
reckless or negligent; moved to non-traffic.

Mark Regan, Mount Wolf; deceptive business practices: sell less than quantity,
theft by deception-false impression; waived to court.

Robert Frederick Craft, Manchester; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Bradley David Bruce, York; endangering welfare of children; held for court.

Christopher Patrick Murray, Etters; driving under the influence, no rear lights;
waived to court.

Amanda R. Bolling, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Mikel W. Strickland, Bloomsburg; possession of marijuana, disorderly conduct,
hazardous/physical offense; waived to court.

David Potteiger Jr., Hummelstown; driving under the influence, trespass by motor
vehicle; waived to court.

Michael David Linn, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, turning
movements, required signals; waived to court.

Shawn M. Fickes, York Haven; driving under the influence, driver's license
suspended or revoked purs. to section 3731/3802; waived to court.

Danielle Nicole Hake, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Katrina N. Leonard, York; harassment; held for court.

Anthony Goodman, York; driving under the influence, reckless driving; waived to
court.

Jose Omar Jimenez-Cordero, York; harassment-communication repeatedly
inconvenient hours; waived to court.

Dianna Lin Dotson, Dover; driving under the influence, disregard traffic lane
(single); waived to court.

Brandon Lee Stine, York; driving under the influence, driving at safe speed;
waived to court.

Bobbi Jo Gephart, Etters; unauthorized use of motor/other vehicle; waived to
court.

Lori Anne Roarabaugh, Etters; driving under the influence, following too
closely; waived to court.

Daniel Brandon Porter, Manchester; disorderly conduct, marijuana-small amount of
personal use; waived to court.

Amanda Lauren Smee, Waynesboro; identity theft; waived to court.

Steve Sheridan Payne, Etters; harassment-communication lewd, threatening, etc.,
public drunkenness, disorderly conduct; held for court.

Jamie Rae Wilson, Etters; burglary, conspire to commit burglary, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Lisa Marie Malley, Etters; retail theft-take merchandise; waived to court.

Natasha N. Turner, Camp Hill; theft of services acquisition of services; waived
to court.

George Wanner, Hummelstown; theft by deception-false impression, bad checks,
court case; waived to court.

Kile Robert Livingston, New Cumberland; simple assault, harassment; waived to
court.

Jeremy Tyler Rheem, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Melissa Marie Kulp, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence, disregard
traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Vance Laroy Jones Jr., Edgewood, Md.; driving under the influence, duties at
stop sign; waived to court.

Blake T. Thordarson, Rockville, Md.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, speeding; waived to court.

Patrick D. Cavanaugh, Washington, D.C.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jon Daniel Hall, Lewisberry; driving under the influence, speeding; waived to
court.

Sean Arnold, York Haven; possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Jeremy Jay Smith, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, resist arrest,
careless driving, duties at stop sign; waived to court.

Shanoa Elizabeth Dressler, Mount Wolf; aggravated indecent assault without
consent, attempted aggravated indecent assault without consent, corruption of
minors; waved to court.

Cynthia A. Sutton, Lemoyne; intimidate witness/victim-refrain from report,
intimidate witness/victim, withhold information, obstruct administration of the
law/other government functions; held for court.

Lorenzo Lee Favor, Johnstown; bad checks; held for court.

Stephen Lee Haines, Lewisberry; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Barbara Ann Haines, Lewisberry; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Mark Lee Reever, York; aggravated indecent assault-person less than 13, conspire
to aggravated indecent assault-person less than 13, indecent assault, corruption
of minors; waived to court.

Mark Lee Reever, York; aggravated indecent assault-person less than 13,
contact/communication with minor-sexual; waived to court.

Sarah Andreanna Enke, Levittown; driving under the influence, purchase,
consumption, possession or transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by
a minor; waived to court.

Shannon Marie Daron, Newport; other reason access service unauthorized, theft by
unlawful taking; waived to court.

David Lee Diehl Sr., Dover; driving under the influence, speeding, failure to
yield to emergency vehicle; waived to court.

Evaristo Pablo Jimenez, Dover; driving under the influence, driving without a
license; waived to court.

John Barry Bonham, Manchester; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Laniece Michelle Wood, Mechanicsburg; simple assault, reckless endangering
another person, driving under the influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Eric James Herbst, Seven Valleys; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane (single) held for court.

Keith Andrew Living ston, Etters; intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered, possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Jason A. Fortney, Etters; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Ronald Moyer, Manchester; disorderly conduct, criminal mischief; moved to
non-traffic.

Matthew W. Favinger, New Cumberland; retail theft, public drunkenness and
similar misconduct; waived to court.

Steven Christopher Do nelon, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Jeffrey Scott Abel, Fredericksburg, Va.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO Published Patent application of MICROSOFT CORPORATION titled as
"DETERMINING INFLUENCE IN A NETWORK"

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140095689, published on April 03, 2014, by MICROSOFT CORPORATION, titled as
"DETERMINING INFLUENCE IN A NETWORK" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Borgs; Christian Herwarth; (Boston, MA) ; Brautbar; Michael Avraham;
(Philadelphia, PA) ; Chayes; Jennifer Tour; (Boston, MA) ; Lucier; Brendan
James; (Cambridge, MA)
Assignee:  MICROSOFT CORPORATION
Redmond
WA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
influence maximization process efficiently identifies an influential set of
nodes with which to seed a diffusion process using the transposition of a graph
representing the network. This approach offers an acceptable tradeoff between
runtime complexity and accurate approximation. In addition, using an
approximation condition, the influence maximization process may be further tuned
to dramatically reduce the computational complexity even more in certain
circumstances while allowing a fallback to the unturned influence maximization
process if the approximation condition is not satisfied."

The Patent was filed on September 28, 2012 under application No. 20140095689

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Singer credits Guthrie's influence

BYLINE: Brandy McDonnell, Entertainment Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND LOOK I; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 909 words


When emerging singer-songwriter Samantha Crain lists her musical influences,
they wind from her dad's favorites including the Grateful Dead and Bob Dylan to
the electronic experiments of Radiohead to fellow Oklahomans such as Student
Film and Ali Harter.

"I'd say a major part of my musical influence does come from Oklahoma, and ...
the Flaming Lips and Woody Guthrie are probably two of my largest influences
because they embody the Oklahoma music sound on two different ends of the
spectrum. Because you have this kind of experimental rock on the Flaming Lips
side and the kind of the more  folk and roots Americana music on the Woody
Guthrie side," Crain said in a phone interview from a tour stop in
Winston-Salem, N.C.

Crooning tales of betrayal and redemption in her hauntingly raw voice, Crain,
21, carries on Guthrie's storytelling tradition on her musical novella "The
Confiscation," which will be released nationally July 22. The Shawnee native and
her band, the Midnight Shivers, also will play July 11 at the 11th annual Woody
Guthrie Folk Festival in Okemah.

Festival firsts  The festival will be Wednesday through July 13 at various
venues in Guthrie's hometown. It will include concerts, panel discussions,
children's activities, an open mike, poetry readings and more. The festival
features a lineup of emerging and nationally known talents, including Guthrie
granddaughter Annie Hays Guthrie, Country Joe McDonald, Ellis Paul, Jimmy LaFave
and Judy Collins in her festival debut.

"We're happy to start our second decade of the festival with a lot of firsts,"
said Karen Zundel, the event's media chairman.

For the first year, the festival will feature a Phil Ochs Song Night  featuring
John Flynn, Sean Flynn, David Amram and John Gorka. The tribute shows honoring
Ochs started in 1983 and have been performed across the country. The Oklahoma
debut will highlight "Bound for Glory," a song Ochs wrote to honor Guthrie.

Also, Maxine "Lefty Lou" Crissman, Guthrie's radio partner in the 1930s, will
attend the festival and tell stories of their work together.

A special pre-festival tribute to Bob Childers featuring LaFave, Mike McClure,
Jason Boland and Childers' sons, Zach and Jesse, is set for 7 p.m. Tuesday at
Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa. Childers, who was considered the godfather of Red Dirt
music and performed at every WoodyFest, died in April.

Other festival highlights will include a reading of the one-act play "Time
Changes Everything" about Guthrie and Bob Wills; the musical program "Woody
Guthrie: A Life in Songs"; and Mary Jo's Pancake Breakfast, featuring Guthrie's
youngest sister, Mary Joe Guthrie Edgmon.

"The focus is Woody's music and keeping his legacy alive," Zundel said.

Crain, who played Woody-Fest for the first time last year, said Guthrie is the
"poster child" for Oklahoma's rich musical and storytelling heritage.

"I think the spirit of Woody Guthrie is really alive at that festival, just
because I think everybody comes there with a passion for songs and
storytelling," she said.

Budding career  Crain's musical career started with seasonal boredom. The summer
before her senior year at Dale High School, she started teaching herself to play
guitar and turning her short stories into songs.

"I always wrote stories, like my parents would buy me these blank books and I
would write these kind of long, lengthy novels," she said, laughing. "The
writing part was always close to my heart, but I didn't really ever think to
write songs until after I started trying to learn the guitar."

She went to college at Oklahoma Baptist University, and at 19, she signed up on
a whim for the Contemporary Music Center, an off-campus study program on
Martha's Vineyard. She got college credit for writing songs, playing shows and
learning about recording.

"I figured, hey, I had a lot of fun playing these shows and writing these songs,
maybe I could do this for a living, which is kind of silly when you think about
it. " she said. "Most people don't make ... such a big decision so nonchalantly.
But I did."

Still calling Shawnee home, she has spent the past few years trying to
"self-fuel" her way down her chosen road, touring virtually nonstop and doing
her own recordings. She recently signed with Ramseur Records.

"I'm a very do-it-yourself kind of person, and they have that same mentality
over there," Crain said of the label.

After rereleasing "The Confiscation" EP on Ramseur (she put out on her own last
summer), Crain will record a full-length album of new material in the fall.

"There's going to be a lot of allusions to the stories of the Choctaw tribe and
... their history kind of tucked away in some of the songs," said Crain, who is
of Choctaw heritage.

GOING ON

11th annual Woody Guthrie Folk Festival  When: Wednesday through July 13.

Where: Various venues in Okemah.

What: Concerts, children's activities, open mike, poetry readings, panel
discussions and fundraisers for the state chapter of the Huntington's Disease
Society of America.

Special event: A pre-festival tribute to Bob Childers will start at 7 p.m.
Tuesday at Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa. For more information, go online to
www.cainsballroom.com.

Cost: Free except for the opening event at 8 p.m. Wednesday, "Country Joe
McDonald's Tribute to Woody Guthrie," which costs $20 for general admission or
$35 for Gold Circle seating. Parking at the Pastures of Plenty Stage in the
evenings is $10 per car.

Information:   www.woodyguthrie.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Woody Guthrie Folk Festival (poster)
Photo 1: Samantha Crain
Photo 2: Judy Collins
Photo 3: Country Joe McDonald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Singer credits Guthrie's influence

BYLINE: Brandy McDonnell, Entertainment Writer

SECTION: WEEKEND LOOK I; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 909 words


When emerging singer-songwriter Samantha Crain lists her musical influences,
they wind from her dad's favorites including the Grateful Dead and Bob Dylan to
the electronic experiments of Radiohead to fellow Oklahomans such as Student
Film and Ali Harter.

"I'd say a major part of my musical influence does come from Oklahoma, and ...
the Flaming Lips and Woody Guthrie are probably two of my largest influences
because they embody the Oklahoma music sound on two different ends of the
spectrum. Because you have this kind of experimental rock on the Flaming Lips
side and the kind of the more  folk and roots Americana music on the Woody
Guthrie side," Crain said in a phone interview from a tour stop in
Winston-Salem, N.C.

Crooning tales of betrayal and redemption in her hauntingly raw voice, Crain,
21, carries on Guthrie's storytelling tradition on her musical novella "The
Confiscation," which will be released nationally July 22. The Shawnee native and
her band, the Midnight Shivers, also will play July 11 at the 11th annual Woody
Guthrie Folk Festival in Okemah.

Festival firsts  The festival will be Wednesday through July 13 at various
venues in Guthrie's hometown. It will include concerts, panel discussions,
children's activities, an open mike, poetry readings and more. The festival
features a lineup of emerging and nationally known talents, including Guthrie
granddaughter Annie Hays Guthrie, Country Joe McDonald, Ellis Paul, Jimmy LaFave
and Judy Collins in her festival debut.

"We're happy to start our second decade of the festival with a lot of firsts,"
said Karen Zundel, the event's media chairman.

For the first year, the festival will feature a Phil Ochs Song Night  featuring
John Flynn, Sean Flynn, David Amram and John Gorka. The tribute shows honoring
Ochs started in 1983 and have been performed across the country. The Oklahoma
debut will highlight "Bound for Glory," a song Ochs wrote to honor Guthrie.

Also, Maxine "Lefty Lou" Crissman, Guthrie's radio partner in the 1930s, will
attend the festival and tell stories of their work together.

A special pre-festival tribute to Bob Childers featuring LaFave, Mike McClure,
Jason Boland and Childers' sons, Zach and Jesse, is set for 7 p.m. Tuesday at
Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa. Childers, who was considered the godfather of Red Dirt
music and performed at every WoodyFest, died in April.

Other festival highlights will include a reading of the one-act play "Time
Changes Everything" about Guthrie and Bob Wills; the musical program "Woody
Guthrie: A Life in Songs"; and Mary Jo's Pancake Breakfast, featuring Guthrie's
youngest sister, Mary Joe Guthrie Edgmon.

"The focus is Woody's music and keeping his legacy alive," Zundel said.

Crain, who played Woody-Fest for the first time last year, said Guthrie is the
"poster child" for Oklahoma's rich musical and storytelling heritage.

"I think the spirit of Woody Guthrie is really alive at that festival, just
because I think everybody comes there with a passion for songs and
storytelling," she said.

Budding career  Crain's musical career started with seasonal boredom. The summer
before her senior year at Dale High School, she started teaching herself to play
guitar and turning her short stories into songs.

"I always wrote stories, like my parents would buy me these blank books and I
would write these kind of long, lengthy novels," she said, laughing. "The
writing part was always close to my heart, but I didn't really ever think to
write songs until after I started trying to learn the guitar."

She went to college at Oklahoma Baptist University, and at 19, she signed up on
a whim for the Contemporary Music Center, an off-campus study program on
Martha's Vineyard. She got college credit for writing songs, playing shows and
learning about recording.

"I figured, hey, I had a lot of fun playing these shows and writing these songs,
maybe I could do this for a living, which is kind of silly when you think about
it. " she said. "Most people don't make ... such a big decision so nonchalantly.
But I did."

Still calling Shawnee home, she has spent the past few years trying to
"self-fuel" her way down her chosen road, touring virtually nonstop and doing
her own recordings. She recently signed with Ramseur Records.

"I'm a very do-it-yourself kind of person, and they have that same mentality
over there," Crain said of the label.

After rereleasing "The Confiscation" EP on Ramseur (she put out on her own last
summer), Crain will record a full-length album of new material in the fall.

"There's going to be a lot of allusions to the stories of the Choctaw tribe and
... their history kind of tucked away in some of the songs," said Crain, who is
of Choctaw heritage.

GOING ON

11th annual Woody Guthrie Folk Festival  When: Wednesday through July 13.

Where: Various venues in Okemah.

What: Concerts, children's activities, open mike, poetry readings, panel
discussions and fundraisers for the state chapter of the Huntington's Disease
Society of America.

Special event: A pre-festival tribute to Bob Childers will start at 7 p.m.
Tuesday at Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa. For more information, go online to
www.cainsballroom.com.

Cost: Free except for the opening event at 8 p.m. Wednesday, "Country Joe
McDonald's Tribute to Woody Guthrie," which costs $20 for general admission or
$35 for Gold Circle seating. Parking at the Pastures of Plenty Stage in the
evenings is $10 per car.

Information:   www.woodyguthrie.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Woody Guthrie Folk Festival (poster)
Photo 1: Samantha Crain
Photo 2: Judy Collins
Photo 3: Country Joe McDonald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

Minneapolis band pays tribute to influences

BYLINE: Regis Behe

LENGTH: 466 words


It's not enough for Darren Jackson and Erik Applewick of The Hopefuls to write a
straightforward pop song. Not when there are an infinite number of resources and
influences to call upon to better make a better beast.

Need a bit of texture here? Add some glockenspiel. A vocal that's too ordinary?
Add a bit of distortion.

In lesser hands, such experimentation might result in a mishmash of noise. With
The Hopefuls, it's blissful pop with delightful twists.

"We shared a common love of pop music, definitely, making this record," says
Jackson, who performs with The Hopefuls at Brillobox in Lawrenceville Tuesday.
"It would be 'let's make the guitar sound like Weezer here, or the vocals sound
like Herman Hermits here. We were definitely referencing thing in terms of the
arrangements and engineering of the records.'"

Although Jackson acknowledges his influences, he and Applewick aren't guilty of
stealing. Instead the Minneapolis-based musicians, who recorded "The Fuses
Refuse to Burn" in 2004, crafted a work that pays tribute to their influences.

"Erik and I have both played in a lot of bands, and we're very passionate about
things," Jackson says, noting his affinity for indie rock, and Applewick's
penchant for R&B and soul.

That formula has succeeded in the Twin Cities, where the band was named Artist
of the Year and Best Pop Artist at the 2005 Minnesota Music Awards. The band's
appearance in Pittsburgh is part of the first foray out of the upper Midwest,
but Jackson says that via www.myspace.com, an Internet site that caters to teens
and twentysomethings,

"We do have a lot of fans all over the country," he says. "They've let us know
they'll be coming out for the live shows."

What fans will see live is a band that often decides to perform in track suits,
a la the old school hip-hop artists of the 1980s. When they formed the band,
Jackson and Applewick sought a name that would reflect their penchant for
leisure wear: Thus the original moniker, the Olympic Hopefuls.

Which soon drew the attention of the U.S. Olympic Committee, which politely but
firmly informed the band the word "Olympic" was trademarked.

"They were very nice to us about the whole thing," says Jackson, who adds that
after watching the recent Winter Olympics, he understands why the name is
protected. "I'm watching on TV and every day you hear about this or that Olympic
hopeful. I'm sure a name like ours would dilute that, or be confusing to
people."

It does seem odd, a group of musicians being told they might cause some
confusion with Olympic athletes. Even Jackson says that the band members won't
soon be mistaken for gold medalists.

"Yeah, we're not athletes," he says. "Maybe we could have tried out for speed
skating. But we did make a final offer to play at all the Olympic Games for
free."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 560 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Justin M. Hamilton, 19, of 4911 King Arthur Way #P for refusing to obey at 8:51
a.m. Friday at 408 E. 17th St.

Hailee N. Cisco, 23, of 110 Cribbon Ave. for driving under the influence and
failure to maintain a traffic lane at 2:15 a.m. Friday in the 600 block of East
Lincolnway.

Philip Pineda, 21, of 7011 Foxglove Drive on a misdemeanor warrant for probation
violation at 12:52 a.m. Friday at 220 E. Eighth St.

Brittany A. Kazeleski, 27, of Burns on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to pay
at 12:25 a.m. Friday at Lincolnway and Central Avenue.

Jose S. Munoz, 33, of Laramie for driving under the influence and failure to
maintain a traffic lane at 12:01 a.m. Friday in the 1000 block of East
Lincolnway.

Shane D. Noel, 55, of 116 E. 26th St. for driving under the influence at 10:33
p.m. Thursday in the 700 block of East Lincolnway.

Edward Salazar, 40, of 4101 Independence Drive for driving under the influence
and careless driving at 7:47 p.m. Thursday at West Lincolnway and Bent Avenue.

Jonathan Tinker, 48, of 1614 Seymour Ave. for public intoxication, open
intoxicant possession and refusing to obey at 11:08 a.m. Thursday at 2102 E.
Lincolnway.

Steven C. Bolton, 52, of 1504 Stinson Ave. on an out-of-state felony warrant at
7:43 a.m. Thursday at his residence.

Glenn E. Bonin, 67, of 1209 W. 22nd St. for public intoxication and violent or
tumultuous acts at 9:35 p.m. March 4 at 307 W. 17th St.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Christopher M. Eagleroad, 28, of 1711 Round Top Road on misdemeanor warrants for
failure to appear in court and for failure to pay at 8 a.m. Friday at the
Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Patrick J. Atencio, 23, of Grand Junction, Colo., for driving under the
influence at 2:45 a.m. Friday in the 1600 block of South Greeley Highway.

Margaret M. Hartigan, 51, of 1208 Cosgriff Court for driving under the influence
at 12:56 a.m. Friday at Central Avenue and Eighth Street.

David G. Koehler, 55, of Centennial, Colo., for driving under the influence and
failure to maintain a traffic lane at 12:20 a.m. Friday in the 2200 block of
South Greeley Highway.

Teresa R. Williams, 36, of Torrington on an out-of-county misdemeanor warrant at
3:47 p.m. Thursday at Yellowstone Road and Riding Club Road.

Michael R. Stone Sr., 59, of 809 Maxwell Ave. on misdemeanor warrants for
failure to appear in court and misdemeanor probation violation at 1:01 p.m.
Thursday at the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Margaret T. Harris, 27, of 211 E. Fifth St. for driving under the influence at
9:09 p.m. Thursday on Wyoming Highway 210 at the first mile marker.

Monicca M. Steven, 35, of Houston for driving under the influence of drugs,
failure to maintain a traffic lane and driving without insurance at 10:10 a.m.
Thursday on Interstate 80 at mile marker 393.

Shan P. Cromeens, 36, of Elizabeth, Colo., on an out-of-county misdemeanor
warrant at 7:59 a.m. Thursday on I-80 at mile marker 383.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 11, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O17

LENGTH: 326 words


Bryson Lane Smith, 23, of the 1900 block of Courtney Drive, North Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 22, 2007, and was fined $1,224.

Juan Carlos Lopez, 24, of the 2800 block of Whiteview Drive in Acworth, Ga., was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 2, 2007, and was sentenced to
90 days in jail.

Guillermo Hernandez-Sea, 28, of the 300 block of Beverly Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 12, 2007, and was fined $810.

David Henry Price III, 28, of the 3100 block of Skinner Mill Road in Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on Sept. 19, 2006, and was fined
$810.

Lida Bellmer Locke, 51, of the 4300 block of Deerwood Lane in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on Nov. 4, 2006, and was fined $810.

Oscar Guadalupe Cabrera, 23, of the 800 block of Edgefield Road in North
Augusta, was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 26, 2006, and was
fined $810.

Andres Najera Lopez, 28, of Palmetto, Ga., was charged with driving under the
influence on Nov. 16, 2006, and was fined $810.

Juan Alvarado Hernandez, 22, of the 400 block of Applecross Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 24, 2006, and was fined
$860.

Michael Owen Dean, 48, of the 3400 block of Eubank Drive in Appling, was charged
with driving under the influence on Feb. 4, 2007, and was sentenced to 30 days
in jail.

Tyler Neal Holland, 21, of the 300 block of St. Julian Place in North Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 11, 2006, and was sentenced
to 24 months' probation and fined $810.

Brandon Levi Brimer, 18, of the 1300 block of North Side Drive Northwest in
Atlanta, was charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 27, 2007, and was
sentenced to 90 days in jail.

Jerry Allen Hubbs, 42, of the 600 block of Morton Road in Athens, Ga., was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 2, 2007, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Telecommunication Systems, Inc. (Maryland) on April 01
titled as "N-dimensional affinity confluencer"

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,688,087, on
April 01, 2014, to Telecommunication Systems, Inc. (Maryland), titled as
"N-dimensional affinity confluencer"

Inventors: Pitt; Lance D. (Kent, WA), Ginter; Thomas (Bellevue, WA), Hines;
Gordon John (Kirkland, WA), Burton; Victor (Bellevue, WA), Ramberg; Mark
(Bellevue, WA)
Assignee: Telecommunication Systems, Inc. (Annapolis, MD)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
N-dimensional affinity confluencer comprises an affinity table to maintain a
plurality of affinities for each of a plurality of wireless devices. A sphere of
influence (SPIN) table provides an influence for determination of a confluence
between affinities maintained in the affinity table. An affinity confluence
determination module determines an affinity confluence between the plurality of
wireless devices and an influence parameter associated with the sphere of
influence (SPIN) table. An affinity confluence is determined from among a
plurality of wireless devices by determining a confluence of at least two
predefined affinities from among a plurality of wireless devices. A sphere of
influence parameter is applied to the confluence to determine those of the
plurality of wireless devices defined by an affinity confluence. The plurality
of wireless devices need not be within a common communication network."

The patent was filed on April 15, 2011 Application no. 13/064,796

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday

Webbville musician's album is receiving high praise

BYLINE: Lee Ward, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 435 words


Nov. 03--WEBBVILLE -- Bluegrass musician Brandon Adams is quietly finding
success from his Webbville home and enjoying the influence of a wide variety of
music.

"Tony Rice is my biggest influence," he said. "I would say others are Eric
Clapton, Alison Krauss, Sam Bush, Vince Gill, James Taylor, Bob Dylan. A pretty
long list. I listen to everything. Bluegrass and acoustic music are my passion
but I really do love all kinds of music from Van Halen to listening to Yo Yo Ma
or Ray Charles. I love to hear Ray sing."

Adams has received high praise for his first album, "Hardest Kind of Memories,"
in the September issue of Bluegrass Unlimited magazine.

"The development of his unique style is the result of a lifetime of musical
influences exposing him to a wealth of music," the review said.

Adams learned to play guitar when he was 8 and his grandfather gave him his old
Martin D-28. Soon, he was playing in church and soon he began his admiration of
Rice.

Born in Charleston, W.Va., at 16, he ranked sixth in The Vandalia guitar contest
and at 17, he won a local talent contest, which opened the door for him to
perform at the Ryman Auditorium.

After serving in the Army for four years, Adams went to school but continued
pursuing his musical endeavors. He has traveled with Don Rigsby, playing in
Ireland and Canada and with J.D. Crowe and Scott Vestal before making his own
album; nine of the 11 songs were penned by Adams. The album, which he produced
himself, features his lead vocals and he did all the guitar work. Flatpicking
Guitar Magazine spotlighted the album in its March/April edition and the title
song made the top 10 for new country artists in Outstage.

"I was part of the IBMA songwriter showcase in Nashville," he said. "This year I
was chosen by a panel to present my music during  the World of Bluegrass week.
Had a blast got to hang out with a lot of great artists."

Adams said he's booking shows in the area for the upcoming months and will
perform at Red Barn Radio in Lexington in January.

One of his singles is available at Reverb Nation. His album is available at
CountySales.com.

Adams, who plays Cotton guitars, said he plans to continue writing, too.

The next step for me is really just to keep doing what I am doing. Writing songs
recording "I have plans to finish recording my second album this fall. Look for
some great artists like Tony Rice on it with me."

LEE WARD can be reached at lward@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2661.

___ (c)2011 The Daily Independent (Ashland, Ky.) Visit The Daily Independent
(Ashland, Ky.) at www.dailyindependent.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111103-KA-Webbville-musician-s-album-is-receiving-high-praise-1103-20111103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2011 The Daily Independent


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 567 words


NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

Criminal sentencings

Judge Anna Eckhart

Kennedy C. Henderson, 31, Spokane; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (176 days suspended) or eight hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Kenneth R. Vandyk, 61, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (145 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Dawn R. Scruton, 46, Post Falls; driving under the influence (excessive); $800
fine, one year in jail (316 days suspended, 19 days credited), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Joshua D. Suhr, 25, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine, $100
restitution to state lab, 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Lydia O'Connell-Walker, 24, Kellogg; misdemeanor probation violation; 364 days
in jail (65 days credited).

Gary A. Konczyk, 48, Canoga Park, Calif.; disturbing the peace; $157 fine, 31
days in jail, restitution to be determined.

Judge Scott Wayman

William J. Gagner, 41, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Devonte Carter, 26, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; $200 fine, $692 restitution to
victims, 30 days in jail (14 days credited).

Colby J. Walker, 28, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 90 days in
jail (48 days credited).

Seth P. Snelson, 34, Sandpoint; driving without privileges; $400 fine, 20 days
in jail or 40 hours county work program.

Judge Clark Peterson

Daniel S. Fain, 19, Hayden; violation of a no-contact order; $300 fine, one year
in jail (301 days suspended, 34 days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time,
two years probation.

Kull C. Murray, 31, Post Falls; petty theft; $400 fine, one year in jail (325
days suspended, 40 days credited), one year probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Kyle G. Olson, 30, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; one year in
jail (70 days credited).

Civil complaints

Tiffany Williams v. Jennifer Plummer, seeking $2,000.

Janis Perry v. Alangator LLC and Alan Pestana, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Rita Ellwood, seeking $5,670.

CVI Loan Trust I v. James Cann, seeking $4,972.

Civil judgments

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Dan Taylor and Jennifer Taylor, plaintiff awarded
$18,558.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Rebecca Nixon, plaintiff awarded $1,135.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brenda Evans, plaintiff awarded $1,095.

Midland Funding LLC v. Mary Fundin, plaintiff warded $3,163.

Outsource Receivables Management/Utah v. George Munson, plaintiff awarded
$2,926.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Jessica Bailey, plaintiff awarded $1,395.

Marriage licenses

Joshua J. Churchill and Lori R. Hollstein, both of Sandpoint.

Aaron W. Fauth and Asnaku W. Ayele, both of Post Falls.

Christopher E. Foster, of Hauser Lake, and Fawn O. Johnston, of Coeur d'Alene.

Charles N. Gabrick and Lisa I. Stout, both of Spirit Lake.

William B. Genereau, of East Grand Forks, Minn., and Trudy A. Johnson, of Coeur
d'Alene.

Russell L. Greenough and Darlene M. Adler, both of Athol.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday

Crime Watch for 12/11/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Laurie Lynn Snyder, 3050 Old Trail Road, Lot 616, York Haven; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Charles R. Koabel, 519 Herman Ave., Lemoyne; retail theft-take merchandise;
waived to court.

Jean D. Rudisill-Ort, 559 River Drive, York Haven; theft by deception, false
impression, deceitful business practices, sell less than quantity; waived to
court.

Letecia Lanell Lynch, 2809 Penbrooke Ave., Harrisburg; driving under the
influence, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Michael Joseph Good hart, 184 Texaco Road, Mechanicsburg; driving under the
influence; held for court.

Holly Lynn Russo, 16 Marble St., Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Faith Alicia Brown, 2746 Genna Circle, Dover; forgery-unauthorized act in
writing, forgery-utters forged writing; waived to court.

Thomas J. Hill, 504 N. 2nd St., Wormleysburg; marijuana-small amount for
personal use, purchase, consumption, possession or transportation of liquor,
malt or brewed beverages by a minor; waived to court.

Harrison D. Wolfe, 220 N. 2nd St., Wormleysburg; marijuana-small amount for
personal use, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Craig Eugene Laugh man, 450 Ridge Road, Lot 2, Etters; driving under the
influence, accident damage to unattended vehicle or property; waived to court.

Kwabena A. Proctor, 2400 Market St., Apt. C71, Harrisburg; marijuana-small
amount for personal use, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Allison M. Klopotek, 813 Pine Hill Road, Duncannon; driving under the influence,
duties at stop sign, failure to yield at yield sign; waived to court.

Andrew Allen Doescher, 18 Ashburg Drive, Mechanicsburg; driving under the
influence, careless driving, disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

George E. Rollason, 726 Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland; aggravated assault,
simple assault, recklessly endangering another person; waived to court.

Toby N. Meyer, 2462 Buckwheat Road, Millerstown; driving under the influence,
driving unregistered vehicle, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to
court.

Melissa Jo Smith, 1779 Main St., Apt. 2, Mechanicsburg; simple assault; waived
to court.

Larry Eugene Fink, 800 York Road, Lot 241, Dover; driving under the influence,
intent to possess controlled substance by person not registered, distribute
small amount of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Stacy L. Beinhaur, 2464 Seven Valleys Road, Seven Valleys; driving under the
influence, duties at stop sign; waived to court.

James G. Croy, 1115 N. 2nd St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence, turning
movements, required signals; held for court.

Joseph L. Popp Jr., 34696 Gunnell Road, c/o Jennifer Intrieri, Millsboro, Del.;
driving under the influence; waived to court.

Nicholas Michael Fisher, 369 Cly Road, York Haven; driving under the influence,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Thomas William Kloc, 600 Shorehan Court, Apt. 203, Virginia Beach, Va.;
possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

James Edward Withrow, 350 E. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Benjamin R. Badders, 354 Futurity Drive, Camp Hill; driving under the influence,
failure to keep right; waived to court.

Luz M. Madonado, 5 Fielding Way, Etters; retail theft, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Christopher John Levan, 426 B West Simpson St., Mechanicsburg; driving under the
influence, disregard traffic lane (single); held for court.

David W. Davare Jr., 670 Beinhower Road, Etters; fleeing or attempting to elude
police, failure to stop at red signal; held for court.

Joshua James Tschudy, 446 Big Springs Road, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Timothy August Richard son, 210 S. Prince St., Lancaster; criminal
trespass-break into structure; waived to court.

Brant E. Bickel, 107 Reily St., Apt. 2, Harrisburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Joshua Robert Zink, 414 Clover St., Etters; receiving stolen property,
marijuana-small amount for personal use, use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              March 9, 2015 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Under the influence; Philip Sayce pays tribute to blues-rock classics

BYLINE: Lynn Saxberg, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: YOU; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 803 words


PHILIP SAYCE

When: Thursday March 12 at 8 p.m.

Where: Rainbow Bistro, 76 Murray St.

Tickets: $15 advance at ticketweb.ca. $20 door.

One of Warner Music Canada's newest additions to the roster stands out because
he doesn't fit the mould of a fresh-faced youngster being primed for mainstream
success in the pop market.

Rather, Philip Sayce is a prodigious blues-rock guitarist with plenty of
experience on the road and in the studio. He also has a long history in Ottawa -
many fans will remember his explosive openingnight performance at Bluesfest in
1999.

The flaxen-haired Toronto axeman, who's been playing guitar since he was a
teenager, cut his teeth on tours with JeffHealey and Melissa Etheridge,
launching a career that now includes about five albums' worth of material and a
devoted following in Europe.

Sayce's latest recording, Influence, is a passionate tribute to the music that
made the biggest impact on his early development. On songs by Little Feat, the
Sonics, Little Richard and Graham Nash, as well as a handful of originals, he
pays homage to the music of the late '60s and '70s with his psychedelia-tinged
playing style and a soulful wail.

The sound jumped out to Warner honcho Steve Waxman, who was streaming tunes when
he discovered Sayce, sparking a connection that's led to Warner releasing
Influence in Canada in April. Like the Sheepdogs, another successful Warner act,
Sayce's take on old-school blues-rock is sure to sound terrific on vinyl.

For the fortyish Sayce, the Influence album represents a period of healing in
his life, a chance to let it all out in music that means a lot to him.

"As a friend of mine told me, 'This is the music business, not the music
friendship, and you need to understand the difference,' " he said during a phone
interview from Los Angeles. "Ultimately, with that as a life lesson, some of
that healing process is certainly in these recordings. Some of it was recorded
at the bleakest period. I had no idea what was gong to happen. I was just
playing because it was an extension of what I was going through."

A call from a producer friend, Dave Cobb, inviting Sayce to his Nashville studio
to work on music snapped him out of the funk. Considered a rising star among
rootsmusic producers, Cobb is known for his work with Shooter Jennings and Jason
Isbell.

"He really extended a hand out to me at a time when I was hurting, and he knew
that," Sayce says. "He had just come through a lot of stuffhimself. We went out
there with the intention of just busting through it, keep rolling."

They selected songs they both liked from the influential latehippie era, and
also did some writing. One highlight is the Hendrixian power-ballad Fade Into
You, which expresses the depths of despair in a howl of electric-guitar torment.
"In a lot of ways, that song summed up the atmosphere," Sayce notes.

As for the cover songs, it was important to choose tunes that moved them both.
To add to the upcoming Canadian release, two bonus tracks were recorded in
Toronto: the Ten Years After nugget I'd Love to Change the World, and Canned
Heat's On The Road Again.

"It was the idea of paying respect and homage to the music that turned the both
of us on," Sayce explains. "We don't want to recreate because it's not about
being a cover act."

"It's about saying, 'Wow, these are great songs, how can we do what we would do
with them?' The idea was to pay respect to the magnitude of these songs and
honour the tremendous musicians who created them."

The album also includes Graham Nash's Better Days, Little Feat's Sailin' Shoes,
Little Richard's Green Power and the Sonics' I'm Goin' Home. Not obvious
choices, perhaps, but representative of the depth of music Sayce grew up with.
Both parents were librarians who brought recordings home from work for the
family to check out.

"My mom and dad listened to the coolest music at home," says the musician, who
was born in Wales but grew up in Toronto.

"Having that kind of musical upbringing where music was always playing in the
house, whether it was classical music or Jimi Hendrix, we got to experience a
wonderful soundtrack."

Sayce's interest in guitar playing was piqued when his parents took him to see
an Eric Clapton concert. As a teenager, he discovered Stevie Ray Vaughan and
JeffHealey, and was compelled to give it a try.

"I remember getting a copy of Stevie Ray Vaughan's Live at the El Mocambo, and
watching it about eight million times.

"Pause, rewind. Pause rewind. I spent a lot of time torturing my family," he
recalls.

"Any time there was a free moment at school, I would have my acoustic guitar and
go to the field out back and play. I just couldn't get enough, and it still
feels that way. I love what I'm doing and trying to do, and I'm always trying to
get better at it." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Philip Sayce recorded Influence as part of a healing experience in
his life.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Cabinet to perform Dec. 19-20 for Kirby Center's 'Chandelier Lobby' series

BYLINE: Kristen Gaydos, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 807 words


Dec. 11--When it comes to genre, the band Cabinet won't fit neatly into a box.

"It's hard to explain what some of songs are like. You just have to hear what
the songs are like," band member JP Biondo said. "You have to experience them
for yourself."

The roots, folk and bluegrass band -- more on their sound later -- will perform
Friday, Dec. 19, and Saturday, Dec. 20, at 8 p.m. for the "Live From the
Chandelier Series at the F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts in downtown
Wilkes-Barre. The intimate concert series allows the audience a more personal
experience with the band, and includes a question and answer session.

While the members of Cabinet have played throughout Northeastern Pennsylvania,
it'll be their first performance at the Kirby Center.

"We're pretty excited about it," Biondo said.

The band draws from diverse influences to craft their music, with elements of
roots, bluegrass, country and folk. Biondo, who plays mandolin, said the band's
songs might also include influences as diverse as reggae, rock and funk.

"There's no singular influence between the six of us. We all listen to such
different stuff. It would really be hard to pin it down to one influence,"
Biondo said, adding that while it might be nice if the band members' tastes
converged a little more, "at the same time, the fact that they are so different,
makes us what we are."

Their most recent release, "This Is Cabinet -- Set II," contained six originals
and a cover of The Byrds' "Mr. Spaceman." It was recorded in March 2013 during
shows in Fairfield, Conn., and Burlington, Vt. It's their second live album, and
those are much easier to record, Biondo said.

"It's definitely easier, because we play so much, we don't even think about the
fact that it's being recorded. We just go out and do our thing like every other
night," he said. "Just try to play our best."

Cabinet formed in 2006. Guitarist Michael Coviello, banjo player Pappy Biondo,
bassist Dylan Skursky, fiddler Todd Kopec and drummer and percussionist Jami
Novak round out the band.

Coviello and Biondo started writing music together, which lead to open-mic
nights at venues like the River Street Jazz Cafe in Plains Township. The two had
gone to the same high school. Biondo said they came up with the band name while
headed to one of those open mic nights.

"I asked him if he wanted to drive, or if I should drive. He said, 'You know
what? I feel like havin' a little whiskey before we leave tonight. I feel like
cabbin' it,'" Biondo explained. "So I said, all right. That's it. We're
Cabinet."

Biondo said he comes from a musical family -- at family functions, the members
of his dad's large family especially would always sing or play instruments.

"Christmastime or a family reunion, it's get around the kitchen table and do
some singing, play some guitar," Biondo said.

Biondo said when Cabinet got together, they wanted to make a serious push to
make good music and make a name for themselves. So they're happy with how their
career has progressed since 2006.

"Where we are now, we did not expect to be here. It's nice," he said. "But it
was always the plan to move forward and make it a career."

The band members will also host their third annual music festival, Susquehanna
Breakdown, next spring at The Pavilion at Montage in Scranton. Biondo said they
thought it would be nice to bring another festival to the area, where they had a
great venue and a great bunch of fans. He credited their manager, Bill Orner,
for the idea.

"Everybody was on board with it. We started out, the first year, it was a lot of
local musicians. And it was bringing the community together for a day to have
some fun, relax, and hear some good music," he said, adding that as they keep
local acts involved, they're also aiming to include regional and national acts
to make the day "more and more enjoyable every year."

kgaydos@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2118

Cabinet, Live from the Chandelier Lobby Series

When: Friday, Dec. 19, and Saturday, Dec. 20, 8 p.m.

Where: F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts, 71 Public Square,
Wilkes-Barre, 570-826-1100

Tickets: $20 in advance, $25 day of show; VIP, $50 in advance, $60 day of show

Two-night pass: $35 in advance, $45 day of show; VIP, $95 in advance, $115 day
of show

Online: cabinetmusic.com, kirbycenter.org

Cabinet, Live from the Chandelier Lobby Series

When: Friday, Dec. 19, and Saturday, Dec. 20, 8 p.m.

Where: F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts, 71 Public Square,
Wilkes-Barre, 570-826-1100

Tickets: $20 in advance, $25 day of show; VIP, $50 in advance, $60 day of show

Two-night pass: $35 in advance, $45 day of show; VIP, $95 in advance, $115 day
of show

Online: cabinetmusic.com, kirbycenter.org

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141211-YC-Cabinet-to-perform-Dec-19-20-for-Kirby-Center-s-Chandelier-Lobby-ser
ies-1211-20141211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Police suspect one-time Clipper LeRon Ellis of driving under the influence of
drugs

BYLINE: Veronica Rocha, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Feb. 22--A former NBA player who had a short stint with the Clippers was
arrested this weekend on suspicion of being under the influence of drugs after
he was pulled over by Glendale police for allegedly speeding.

Police on Sunday stopped LeRon Ellis -- who played three seasons in the NBA in
the 1990s -- in his 2007 Chrysler 300 sedan about 11:31 p.m. at San Fernando
Road and Goodwin Avenue in Los Angeles after he was spotted driving 50 mph in a
35 mph zone, according to Glendale police. His license plate lamplight also
wasn't working, which was a violation, police said.

Ellis, who officers said appeared to be under the influence of a controlled
substance, was asked to perform several field sobriety tests, Police Sgt. Tom
Lorenz said.

Ellis, 43, of Glendale, was arrested a short time later, as was his passenger,
Daniel Lingua, 43, of Los Angeles, who had a vial of cocaine in his pants
pocket, according to police.

Lingua and Ellis reportedly met for a drink at Big Fish Bar and Grill in the
5200 block of San Fernando Road. They left the bar and began heading over to
Bigfoot Lounge in Atwater Village when they were stopped, police said.

Ellis' NBA career included a stint in 1991 with the Los Angeles Clippers, where
he was a first-round pick and played 29 games. The following year, he moved on
to the Charlotte Hornets and played 50 games.

His last year in the NBA was with Miami Heat, where he played 12 games.

His father is NBA player LeRoy Ellis, who was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers
in 1962 and went on to play for the Baltimore Bullets, Portland Trailblazers and
Philadelphia 76ers. LeRoy Ellis, a member of the 1972 Lakers championship team,
died last year after battling cancer.

___ (c)2013 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130222-1GL-Police-suspect-one-time-Clipper-LeRon-Ellis-of-driving-under-the-
influence-of-drugs-0222-20130222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2013 Glendale News-Press


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O11

LENGTH: 355 words


Gregory Eugene Baughn, 48, of the 100 block of Hillcrest Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 16, 2010, and was fined
$1,224.

Harry Thomas Lusk, 53, of the 900 block of Wendover Drive Northeast in Atlanta,
was charged with driving under the influence on April 7, 2010, and was fined
$835.

James Woodrow Ulysses, 38, of the 2300 block of Boykin Road in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 17, 2010, and was fined $810.

Jessica Lynne Quattlebaum, 28, of the 4200 block of Washington Estates in
Dearing, was charged with driving under the influence on May 2, 2010, and was
fined $810.

Jose Luis Calderone, 35, of the 100 block of Whiskey Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 24, 2010, and was sentenced to
90 days in jail and was fined $810.

Clinton A. Johnson, 27, of the 100 block of Lenox Parkway in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 9, 2010, and was sentenced to
55 days in jail.

Joseph Brian Mobley, 32, of the 200 block of McElmurray Road in Waynesboro, Ga.,
was charged with driving under the influence on April 8, 2010, and was sentenced
to 90 days in jail.

Clayton Patrick Smith, 18, of the 900 block Windmill Lane in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on April 16, 2010, and was fined $810.

Chad Lee Herman, 35, of the 1100 block of East Peachtree Street in Louisville,
Ga., was charged with driving under the influence on May 1, 2010, and was fined
$810.

Vivian Jannette Swihart, 54, of the 500 block of Julia Court in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 29, 2010, and was fined
$1,224.

Britney Kay Wilson, 22, of the 5000 block of Old U.S. Highway 1 in Wadley, Ga.,
was charged with driving under the influence on May 1, 2010, and was fined $810.

Robert Lamar Sheehan, 26, of the 2900 block of Gordon Highway in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 29, 2009, and was fined $810.

Joseph Hudson Huffman, 47, of the 100 block of Fourth Avenue in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 8, 2010, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 10, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Poll Finds Most Back Role of Nancy Reagan

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 548 words


A majority of Americans approve of Nancy Reagan's handling of her role as the
wife of the President, the Gallup Poll reports.

The researchers also reported that while 62 percent of the respondents said they
believed Mrs. Reagan had had more influence on President Reagan than wives had
had on other Presidents, only 32 percent characterize that influence as ''too
much.''

Over all, 55 percent of those polled said Mrs. Reagan did not have too much
influence on the President.

The poll on her influence was taken in March, a few months after a period in
which some political officials and news reports voiced harsh criticism of Mrs.
Reagan's influence over her husband.

She had been referred to as a behind-the-scenes operator who directed some of
Mr. Reagan's public actions. She was believed to have been instrumental in
forcing the resignation of Donald T. Regan as the White House chief of staff and
in the selection of former Senator Howard H. Baker Jr. of Tennessee as Mr.
Regan's replacement.

Last week, in an address at the American Newspaper Publishers Association
convention in New York City, Mrs. Reagan defended her role as an informal
adviser to her husband. ''Although I don't get involved in policy, it's silly to
suggest my opinion should not carry some weight with a man I've been married to
for 35 years,'' she said. ''I make no apologies for looking out for his personal
and political welfare.''

The Gallup researchers found that the criticisms of her possible influence had
not affected the opinion of the majority of Americans, with 58 percent approving
of Mrs. Reagan's handling of her role as the President's wife, as against 23
percent who disapproved and 19 percent who were undecided.

Mrs. Reagan's rating on her role performance is about the same rating as that
for Rosalynn Carter in August 1979, with 59 percent approving Mrs. Carter's
performance, 19 percent disapproving and 22 percent undecided.

Comparison With Predecessors

Those polled perceive not only that Mrs. Reagan has more political influence
than the wives of other Presidents had, but also that her influence is greater
now than it was at the end of Mr. Reagan's first year in office.

Sixty-two percent of the poll respondents said Mrs. Reagan had more influence
than her predecessors while 13 percent said she had less and 11 percent said she
had the same influence as other Presidents' wives.

Unlike the public's assessment of Mr. Reagan, which is divided along political
lines, majorities of people who said they were Democrats, independents and
Republicans expressed support for Mrs. Reagan's conduct in the White House, the
researchers reported.

And while 40 percent of the Democrats surveyed said Mrs. Reagan had too much
influence on her husband, a plurality of 45 percent said she did not. This
compares with 55 percent of the independent voters and 70 percent of the
Republicans interviewed.

The role-handling ratings are based on interviews in person with 1,517 adults
across the nation conducted April 10-13. The margin of sampling error was plus
or minus three percentage points.

The findings on her influence on the President are based on telephone interviews
with 1,015 adults March 14-18. The margin of sampling error was plus or minus
four percentage points.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 23, 2011 Friday

More Crime Watch for 12/23/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 560 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Matthew Ray Hostler Jr., Dover; burglary, receiving stolen property, criminal
trespass-break into structure, theft by unlawful taking-movable property; waived
to court.

Mandy Michelle Peifer, Dover; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane, operating vehicle without required financial responsibility; waived to
court.

Deborah Miller Dicker son, Glen Rock; driving under the influence,
marijuana-small amount for personal use, restrictions on alcoholic beverages;
waived to court.

Kayla Marie Strohm, York Haven; forgery-unauthorized act in writing, theft by
unlawful taking-movable property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Michelle Lee Long, Spring Grove; theft by deception-false impression; receiving
stolen property; held for court.

Gary Chad Harkins, Leola; failure to comply with registration of sex offender
regulations; waived to court.

Kelly M. Stewart, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Thomas A. Stevens Jr., New Cumberland; simple assault, harassment,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, unlawful restraint/serious bodily injury;
waived to court.

Megan Michelle Bailey, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane, failure to use safety belt system; waived to
court.

Joseph Paul Pentz, Etters; driving under the influence, criminal mischief-damage
property; waived to court.

Kevin William Doughty, Baltimore, Md.; driving under the influence, careless
driving, duties at stop sign, driving while operator's privilege suspended or
revoked; waived to court.

Theodore Coomes II, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Brandon M. Bere, disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense,
harassment-communication repeatedly in anonymous manner; pleaded guilty.

Marquies Antione Stan ley, marijuana-small amount for personal use; pleaded
guilty.

Channon R. Anderson, forgery-unauthorized act in writing, theft by unlawful
taking-movable property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Tracey A. Brown, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, operate vehicle
without ignition interlock; held for court.

Channon Ray Anderson, conspiracy-burglary, receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Matthew Ray Hostler, Dover; conspiracy-burglary, burglary, criminal
trespass-break into structure, receiving stolen property, theft by unlawful
taking-movable property; waived to court,

Kristi L. Troup, Etters; acquire or obtain possession of controlled substances
by misrepresentation, forgery, procure for self/other drug by forgery; waived to
court.

Heather Sue Reed, Summerdale; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane, driving while license suspended or revoked purs sec
3802/1547B1, failure to use safety belt system; waived to court.

Arturo Leon, Dallas, Texas; driving under the influence, duties at stop sign;
waived to court.

Adam Charles Fortney, Harrisburg; disseminating explicit sex material with a
minor, unlawful contact with a minor-obscene/other sexual materials and
performances, corruption of minors; waived to court.

Christopher Kowalski, Strasburg; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Neya Kwandrayl Chance, disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense; moved to
non-traffic.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 12, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O09

LENGTH: 329 words


Larry Hitson, 63, of the 400 block of Granite Point in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on Jan. 13, 2008, and was fined $810.

Taurean Marques Lacey, 21, of the 3200 block of Denton Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 16, 2008, and was fined $860.

Jason Thomas Brown, 19, of the 6700 block of Janes Road in Appling, was charged
with driving under the influence on Aug. 10, 2008, and was fined $810.

Nan Stewart King, 52 of the 2300 block of County Camp Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 17, 2008, and was fined $1,504.

Kenneth Joseph Causey, 29, of the 43000 block of Cogg Hill Terrrace in Ashburn,
Va., was charged with driving under the influence on May, 4, 2008, and was fined
$810.

Robert Shane Hartness, 21, of the 300 block of Windsong Way in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Sept. 2, 2007, and was fined $810.

Randall David Lanier Jr., 28, of the 3700 block of Johns Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 26, 2008, and was fined $1,224.

Thomas Edward Cannon, 41, of the 4100 block of Sweet Briar Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 9, 2008, and was sentenced
to 12 months probation and was fined $810.

Michelle Victoria Miller, 31, of the 400 block of Villa Woods Drive in Myrtle
Beach, S.C., was charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 7, 2008, and
was sentenced to 60 days in jail.

Magdiel Hernandez Hernandez, 23, of the 4900 block of Levrett Place in Evans,
was charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 2, 2008, and was sentenced
to 90 days in jail.

Jason Brent Melton, 25, of the 3900 block of Foxhill Court in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 5, 2008, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

Donald Earl Bell, 46, of the 4700 block of Red Leaf Way in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on Aug. 10, 2008, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 18, 2006 Friday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 455 words


District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
John E. Hoffmaster, 950 Penn Ave., No. 5, Red Lion; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
under the influence: controlled substance, possession of marijuana, possession
of drug paraphernalia, no headlights; waived to court.

Christopher Rolan Fenton, 6681 County Route No. 21, Addison, NY; criminal
mischief; waived to court.

Kerry Clark Jr., 6335 Leader Drive, Jacobus, simple assault; held for court.

George E. Magaro Jr., 103 Madge Drive, Lancaster; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

David Matthew Armand, 412 Beaumont Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment; driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Christopher M. Slivinski, 183 Coventry at Waterford; possession of small amount
of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.
---
District Judge Kim Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Floyd M. Lebo Jr., 12263 Rockville Road, Glen Rock; simple assault; held for
court.

Brandon O'Neill, 580 Arbor Drive, Red Lion; criminal trespass, harassment;
waived to court.

Keenan Pleasant, 9653 Orchard Road, Spring Grove; disorderly conduct; paid
costs.

Holly Brown, 34 West Walnut St., Apt. 4, Hanover; driving under the influence:
possession of small amount of marijuana; waived to court.

Benjamin Bish, 201 Penn St., Hanover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Daniel Aten, 3559 Messersmith Road, Apt. 5, Seven Valleys; simple assault, false
imprisonment, harassment; waived to court.

Margy Olmeda, 32 North State St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Adrienne Hayes, 11 S. Main St., Spring Grove; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

John A. Becker, 1119 Roths Church Road, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence; waived to court.
---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Shane Lewis, 20 S. Adams St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Errol A. Reid, 232 S. Hartley St., bad check; held for court.

Mark Christine, 11 Pine Road; public drunkenness; served time.

Erik Elliott, 1375 Sterling Drive; tax violation; paid costs.

Jamie Rickrode, 81 Lark Circle; harassment; paid costs.

Jerrica Wynegar, 515 E. Maple St., Apt. B, Dallastown; underage drinking; paid
costs.

William Hale, 1545 Carlisle Road; disorderly conduct; paid costs.

Terrell Gable, 220 S. Pine St.; disorderly conduct; served time.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Smith out after DUI, vandalism, hit and run arrest

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 391 words


San Francisco 49ers have released linebacker Aldon Smith after he was arrested
Thursday on suspicion of driving under the influence, vandalism and hit and run,
police said.

Details about Smith's arrest were not immediately available. But the Santa Clara
Police Department said information about his arrest would be released later
Friday.

Smith, 25, was released Friday on $26,000 US bail.

Outside a Santa Clara jail, Smith apologized for the incident and denied being
under the influence.

"I want everybody to understand this wasn't a DUI," Smith told San Francisco Bay
Area TV station KTVU. "The situation that happened could have been handled
differently. I apologize to everybody I did let down and I apologize for how it
all played out."

"This organization has tried very hard to help Aldon fight his issues," the
49ers said on its website. "Although he is no longer a member of this team, our
support and concern for him will continue."

This isn't Smith's first run in with the law.

Smith was arrested in Miami Beach in 2012 on suspicion of DUI, but accepted a
deal for a lesser charge. Smith was arrested in San Jose, Calif., in September
2013 on suspicion of driving under the influence and possessing marijuana.
Authorities said he was drunk, with a blood-alcohol level that was twice the
legal limit, when he crashed his car into a tree in San Jose.

In 2014, Smith pleaded no contest to three felony weapons charges and two
misdemeanour counts of driving under the influence. The weapons charges stem
from a raucous party at Smith's home in June 2012. Deputies were called to his
house party, where he was stabbed and two other people were shot. He fired a
handgun from a balcony to disperse the crowd, authorities said.

Deputies found assault rifles inside his home during the melee.

The DUI charges are linked to his San Jose arrest.

He was suspended nine games last season for violating the league's policy on
personal conduct and substance abuse. He was suspended five games in 2013
following the DUI arrest for which he voluntarily checked himself into a
treatment facility.

Then in April 2014, Smith was arrested at the Los Angeles International Airport
after he was arguing with screening agent and was accused of making comments
suggesting he had a bomb.

In the LAX incident, Los Angeles city prosecutors declined to file charges
against Smith.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Smith out after DUI, vandalism, hit and run arrest

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 391 words


San Francisco 49ers have released linebacker Aldon Smith after he was arrested
Thursday on suspicion of driving under the influence, vandalism and hit and run,
police said.

Details about Smith's arrest were not immediately available. But the Santa Clara
Police Department said information about his arrest would be released later
Friday.

Smith, 25, was released Friday on $26,000 US bail.

Outside a Santa Clara jail, Smith apologized for the incident and denied being
under the influence.

"I want everybody to understand this wasn't a DUI," Smith told San Francisco Bay
Area TV station KTVU. "The situation that happened could have been handled
differently. I apologize to everybody I did let down and I apologize for how it
all played out."

"This organization has tried very hard to help Aldon fight his issues," the
49ers said on its website. "Although he is no longer a member of this team, our
support and concern for him will continue."

This isn't Smith's first run in with the law.

Smith was arrested in Miami Beach in 2012 on suspicion of DUI, but accepted a
deal for a lesser charge. Smith was arrested in San Jose, Calif., in September
2013 on suspicion of driving under the influence and possessing marijuana.
Authorities said he was drunk, with a blood-alcohol level that was twice the
legal limit, when he crashed his car into a tree in San Jose.

In 2014, Smith pleaded no contest to three felony weapons charges and two
misdemeanour counts of driving under the influence. The weapons charges stem
from a raucous party at Smith's home in June 2012. Deputies were called to his
house party, where he was stabbed and two other people were shot. He fired a
handgun from a balcony to disperse the crowd, authorities said.

Deputies found assault rifles inside his home during the melee.

The DUI charges are linked to his San Jose arrest.

He was suspended nine games last season for violating the league's policy on
personal conduct and substance abuse. He was suspended five games in 2013
following the DUI arrest for which he voluntarily checked himself into a
treatment facility.

Then in April 2014, Smith was arrested at the Los Angeles International Airport
after he was arguing with screening agent and was accused of making comments
suggesting he had a bomb.

In the LAX incident, Los Angeles city prosecutors declined to file charges
against Smith.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            August 14, 2007 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 08/14/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Nikki Yost, S. Findlay Street; disregard traffic lane; held for court.

Erica Cessna, Heck Hill Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Gina Burger (Swartz), N. Enola Drive, Enola; retail theft; waived to court.

Matthew Levan, S. Front Street, York Haven; simple assault; held for court.

Henry Barlup, Navvoo Road, Lewisberry; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Chad Downey, Canal Road; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jose Quinones, E. Clark Avenue; possession of marijuana; held for court.

Rodney Schaffer, Liverpool Street, Manchester; conspire to
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or solicit; waived to
court.

Robin Jumper, Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; terroristic threats with intent to
terrorize; held for court.

Robin Jumper, Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Robin Jumper, Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; simple assault, held for court.

Kenneth Kudak, S. Front Street, York Haven; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Ashley Leonhard, Glen Hollow Drive, Dover; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Harold Sims, Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Dustin Kauffman, N. Front Street, Wormleysburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Matthew Dolan, Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Robert Stecker, 1st Street, Baltimore, Md.; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

David Updegrove, Navvoo Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Victoria Powley, Old York Road, New Cumberland; receiving stolen property;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 18, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O09

LENGTH: 318 words


Manuel Itehua Montalvo, 28, of the 3900 block of Old Trail Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 8, 2006, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

Josh McKinsey Clark, 27, of the 300 block of Blanchard Road in North Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 21, 2006, and was sentenced
to 12 months probation and fined $810.

Ricky Lee Mathews, 50, of the 400 block of Carole Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 17, 2006, and was sentenced to
18 months probation and fined $885.

Gardino Xolo Martinez, 21, of the 4300 block of Columbia Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 7, 2007, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

Michael Donald Garcia, 35, of the 28000 block of W. 19th Street in Bay Village,
Ohio, was charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 12, 2006, and fined
$810.

Magno Trejo Fonseco, 23, of the 3900 block of Haley Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Sept. 10, 2006, and was fined $810.

David Loyd Summers, 38, of the 400 block of E. Blue Ridge Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 15, 2006, and was fined $810.

Charles Landers Dorsey, 46, of the 5500 block of Leopard Lane in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 19, 2006, and was fined $810.

Matthew Hamilton Lewis, 24, of the 3400 block of Rhodes Hill Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 21, 2006, and was fined
$810.

Brandon Jeraud Kelly, 22, of the 500 block of Bryant Street in McCormick, S.C.,
was charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 19, 2006, and was sentenced
to 12 months probation and fined $810.

Andre Morgan, 28, of the 2800 block of King Street in Augusta, was charged with
driving under the influence on Nov. 25, 2006, and was sentenced to 12 months
probation and fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 26, 2006 Monday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 339 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Jarad D. Kunkel, 17 Sigsbee Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Justin A. Delauder, c/o SCI Fayette, Labelle; false identification to police;
pleaded guilty.

Kyle R. McLaughlin, 63 Blessing Blvd., Apt. C-1, Hellam; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Shane Anderson, 124 E. Hanover St., Hanover; tax violation; paid costs.

Matthew Thompson, 12562 Pleasant Valley, Glen Rock; disorderly conduct; paid
costs.

Joseph Tavares Jr., 1925 E. Market St.; tax violation; paid costs.

Brendan Thompson, 396 Bishop St., Westminster, Md.; underage drinking; paid
costs.

Daniel Valero, 4501 N. Charles St., Baltimore, Md.; disorderly conduct; paid
costs.

Barbara Nicholas, The Trea sure Chest, 2510 W. Market St.; mercantile tax
violation; paid costs.

Robert Eaton Sr., 25 E. Third Ave., Spring Grove; public drunkenness; paid
costs.

Ronald Doane, 32 Cherry Road, Airville; tax violation; paid costs.

Kathryn Yordy, 459B Buttonwood Lane, Hellam; disorderly conduct; paid costs.

Daniel Paglia, 466 W. Main St., Dallastown; tax violation; paid costs.

Dona Pruitt, Pruitt Palace, 510 Prospect St.; mercantile tax violation; paid
costs.

Charles Jacobs, 1738 Orange St.; disorderly conduct; paid costs.

Mark Zappacosta, 136 East Woods Drive, Harleysville; underage drinking; paid
costs.

Anthony Baliomis, Factory Direct Windows, 225 Pauline Drive; mercantile tax
violation; paid costs.

Kevin Henderson, Ripple in Time Video Service; 2052 Walnut Bottom Road;
mercantile tax violation; paid costs.

Michele Busse, 1257 W. Poplar St.; truancy; paid costs.

Jessica A. Baublitz, 260 S. Albemarle St.; public drunkenness; paid costs.

John E. Calcara, Pete's In dustrial Catering, 1911 W. Market St.;
mercantile/business privilege tax; paid costs.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Commander warns against, USA, West's "evil policies for post-deal Iran"

LENGTH: 555 words


Senior advisor to Iranian Supreme Leader's representative at the Islamic
Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC), Yadollah Javani, has said that "the USA has evil
plans for the post-deal Iran", Mehr news agency reported on 19 August.

In an interview with Mehr, commenting on the Iran-P5+1's nuclear agreement,
Javani said the recent remarks by US President Obama, Secretary of State John
Kerry and other White House officials "indicate that they have evil plans for
the post-deal Iran."

Saying that "the destiny of the agreement was not known yet, as pointed out by
the Supreme Leader [Ayatollah Ali Khamene'i]", Javani added that the Joint
Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) had to be reviewed carefully to make sure
it was in accordance with the country's national interests, and at the end "it
was either be approved of or rejected".

"When the text of the JCPOA was concluded, and there was the possibility that
Iran could reach an agreement with the P5+1 countries, the USA started focusing
on this issue that the agreement gives them the chance to have influence in
Iran... Even though the Westerners, particularly the USA, aim at having
influence in Iran once the deal takes place, we will not let this happen. We
will not let them have such an achievement from nuclear agreement with Iran."

USA "mankind, Islam's real enemy"

Quoting the Supreme Leader, as saying that "the USA is the focal point of the
hegemonic system, and has evil policies towards Iran", Javani said the USA is
the "real enemy of the mankind, human beings and the world of Islam".

"The USA has constant plots and wishes to harm the revolution and the Islamic
Republic of Iran... The leadership has given a clear message to the USA:
Negotiations with this country [USA] took place only with regards to the nuclear
issue... Negotiations on the nuclear issue do not mean that the relations
between Iran and the USA will improve in future", he added.

Iran "challenge" for West

Saying that the USA has had a "particular insight" on the region, Javani added:
"The Islamic Republic of Iran has established an outstanding influence in the
region, due to which having a long-term influence is a challenge for Westerners.
And they are horrified of this... Nations of the region have hope in the Islamic
Republic and after hundreds of year, they want to drive foreigners away with
reliance on our regional power... They [Westerners] want to confront Islamic
Awakening movements in the region and the Resistance Front. Westerners want to
provide for the Zionist regime's security by influencing the region and
confronting Iran."

Referring to "Westerners measures to divide the region's map and some of the
countries which are a part of the Resistance Front, such as Iraq and Syria",
Javani said: "The Supreme Leader [Ayatollah Ali Khamene'i] said the truth: We
will fight against this plot, and they will never succeed on this path."

Iran not to change its policies towards the regional affairs

Citing the Supreme Leader, Javani said that Iran was not going to change its
policies in the region. He added: "There are principle differences of opinion
between us and the Western countries, particularly the USA. They wish to
dominate the region and nations. But we will stand by nations and we will never
change this policy."

Source: Mehr news agency, Tehran, in Persian 0725 gmt 19 Aug 15

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            August 19, 2010 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BYLINE: Scott Mervis

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; LOCAL SCENE; Pg. W-9

LENGTH: 602 words



b>CITY DWELLERS' DEBUT

/b>

There aren't many band names as descriptive as City Dwelling Nature Seekers,
which formed close to Downtown, at Duquesne University, to pursue music with a
pastoral sound, taking a cue from the likes of the Band, Whiskeytown and Neil
Young.

The band -- singer-songwriter Mike McCormick, singer-guitarist Lee Hintenlang,
bassist Matt Booth, drummer Chris Parker, with occasional help from guitarists
Jim Relja and Mike Borowski, keyboardist Dan Barrett and pedal steel/dobro
player Peter Freeman -- formed in 2008 and honed its sound playing regular gigs
at Milano's pizza shop in Uptown.

"The sound really comes from the songwriting," Mr. McCormick says. "In other
words, we don't begin writing a song from a stylistic approach. We've always
begun with melody and then weaved chordal structure around that. The
folk/alt-country kind of style is just what seemed to fit those melodies the
best. It's what seemed natural."

Last year, they got airplay on WYEP with the release of a six-song EP. On
Friday, the Nature Seekers release their self-titled debut album with a show at
the Thunderbird Cafe in Lawrenceville.

Of the band's influences, the frontman says, "If I said we didn't have Ryan
Adams' 'Heartbreaker' as a constant reference mix when we were mixing this
record, I'd be lying. As for writing influence, I really feel like we get into
our own world when we're making a new tune. We do listen to a lot of The Band
and I'm sure that's always a subconscious influence. I think the biggest
influence those groups have on us is the quality of their musicianship and
ability to make that stuff look easy while keeping it super tight. It's not easy
to do, I assure you, so any comparisons to bands of that caliber are certainly
welcome."

It begins at 9 p.m. with the Red Western.

b> JULIANA'S FAREWELL

/b>

When The Juliana Theory broke up four years ago after a European tour, all it
left was a note -- actually a goodbye blog on the website.

As singer Brett Detar noted recently, "We never played a farewell show. ... I
think it was pretty unfair to our loyal fans and to us, too."

For the 10th anniversary of the Greensburg emo-rock band's landmark record
"Emotion Is Dead," it is reuniting for a six-show tour that begins Friday in New
York and hits a sold-out Mr. Small's Theater on Saturday, before moving on to
Pomona, Calif.; L.A.; San Francisco and Brooklyn.

The final show will be Sept. 11 at Altar Bar in the Strip, with all proceeds
going to the Mario Lemieux Foundation.

The next thing to watch for is a Brett Detar solo record that is in the works.

b> MARGOT B -- LIVE

/b>

It's only a matter of time before golden-voiced neo-soul singer Margot B gets
her big break.

While we wait, she'll be back in Pittsburgh on Friday night for a performance at
the New Hazlett Theater on the North Side that will be recorded for a live
album.

The CAPA grad, who moved to New York after high school, has released two albums,
"Unframed" and "Two Thousand Mine," and shared stages with the Black Eyed Peas,
Kelly Clarkson, Nelly Furtado and Lupe Fiasco. Last summer, she duetted with
Jason Mraz on his tour in New York, Minneapolis and Pittsburgh.

She will appear in the Pittsburgh-filmed movie "Love and Other Drugs" with Jake
Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway as well as the indie film "My Destiny."

On her Web page, check out the video where she displays her vocal chops on a
cover of The Script's "Falling to Pieces" with Joe Grushecky, Karl Mullen, Rick
Witkowski and Jon Belan.

The Hazlett show begins at 8 p.m. (no admittance after the show begins, due to
recording). Tickets are $15. Go to www.margotb.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: WEEKEND MAG

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Megan Evangeliste: City Dwelling Nature Seekers will converge on
Thunderbird Cafe in celebration of their self-titled debut.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 4, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 12/4/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 395 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Gregory Morales, 613 N. Beaver St.; open container in public; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

John McMaster, 4616 Admire Road, Thomasville; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Gary Mitchell Jr., 621 Pennsylvania Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
served time.

Heather Keefer, 1366 W. Market St., Apt. 2; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Nichol Smallwood, 321 Warren St.; driving under the influence: controlled
substance, marijuana-small amount for personal use; held for court.

Antoinne L. Diggs, 1710 State St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Richard A. Williams, 647 W. Market St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, failure to stop at red signal; waived to court.

Ernesto Castillo, 300 N. Hanover St., Elizabethtown; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Prince Nkrumah, 1210 W. King St.; submit false/fraud/incomplete
statement-insurance claim, criminal attempt-theft by deception, false
report-report offense that did not occur; held for court.

Bienvenido Ortiz, 610 E. Chestnut St.; habitual offender, driving under
suspension-driving under the influence related, following too closely; held for
court.

Franklin D. Smith, 180 Husson Road, Felton; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under suspension-driving under
the influence related, careless driving; waived to court.

Amanda N. Raber, 2610 Craley Road, Wrightsville; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property, criminal solicitation-burglary, criminal
solicitation-theft by unlawful taking, criminal conspiracy/burglary; criminal
conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Shariff W. Lowe, 211 Erie St., Dauphin; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, no rear lights; held for court.

Jared M. Huyett, 1501 Devers Road; simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP
(Texas) on February 7, 2017 titled as "Determining regions of influence of fluid
moving devices"

LENGTH: 182 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,565,789 on February 7, 2017, to Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP
(Texas) titled as "Determining regions of influence of fluid moving devices"

Inventors: Sharma; Ratnesh Kumar (Fremont, CA), Marwah; Manish (Mountain View,
CA), Bash; Cullen E. (Los Gatos, CA)


Assignee: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP (Houston, TX) (Texas)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for determining regions of influence of a plurality of fluid moving
devices in an infrastructure is provided. In the method, a plurality of clusters
are generated, with each of the plurality of clusters containing a
representation of fluid supply data pertaining to a fluid moving device and one
or more of the plurality of sensors based upon collected sensor and fluid supply
data. In addition, regions of influence of each of the plurality of fluid moving
devices are identified from an analysis of the generated clusters."

The patent was filed on October 30, 2009 Application No. 12/609,706


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Few, the Powerful: Bronx's Republican Voters

BYLINE: By LARRY BUCHANAN, NATE COHN, JOSH KATZ and JOSH KELLER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 542 words


Sheila Davila, a registered Republican, lives in New York's 15th Congressional
District in the southeastern part of the Bronx. These two facts, taken together,
make her primary vote far more powerful than that of many of her fellow
Republicans.

No district in the nation has fewer Republicans than Ms. Davila's, which is home
to Yankee Stadium. Ms. Davila's vote on Tuesday will have as much influence over
the Republican presidential nomination as the combined votes of 46 Republicans
in parts of Illinois, 29 votes in Virginia, and 11 votes in Atlanta.

These disparities reflect Republican Party rules. Every congressional district
in New York is awarded three delegates, which means the Republicans who live in
the most liberal areas end up with the most influence per person.

Ninety-six percent of the voters in Ms. Davila's district chose to re-elect
President Obama in 2012. Mitt Romney won 3 percent of the vote -- a mere 5,315
ballots. The turnout in the primary will most likely be even lower: Just 1,632
of the district's registered Republicans voted in the 2013 mayoral race, and
1,697 voted in the 2014 midterm election, according to data from L2, a
nonpartisan voter file vendor.

By contrast, about 150,000 Republicans voted in Illinois's 18th district, which
includes conservative parts of central and western Illinois. Republican voters
there have the least amount of influence anywhere in the country as measured by
the number of primary voters per delegate.

Of course, not all votes are created equal: Iowa's small contest had an outsize
influence because it was first. But whether Donald Trump wins in heavily
Democratic districts in New York City and in future contests will play a big
role in whether he can win the 1,237 delegates necessary to secure the
nomination.

So far, Mr. Trump has tended to fare well in districts with few Republicans. But
many such districts have not yet voted.

New York's 15th District is notable for its above-average black population and
its many Puerto Ricans and Dominicans. Just 3 percent of adult citizens in the
district are non-Hispanic white -- the lowest percentage in the country. Outside
of a few Cuban districts in South Florida, there probably isn't anywhere else in
the country where nonwhite and Hispanic voters will represent such a large share
of the Republican primary electorate.

Mr. Trump could do well with Hispanic voters in the district. He carried every
one of the 11 wards in Chicago where Hispanics represented a majority of the
population. In the most heavily Hispanic ward -- the 22nd on the West Side,
where 93 percent of the population is Hispanic -- Mr. Trump won 42 percent of
the vote.

The white voters in New York's 15th do seem likely to back Mr. Trump. More than
24 percent of white adults in the district don't have a high school education,
according to the American Community Survey. Startlingly, 21 percent identify
their ancestry as ''American,'' the second-highest share in the country after
eastern Kentucky, and far and away the highest outside the South. Mr. Trump has
won just about everywhere that white voters have such low levels of educational
attainment -- but white voters have represented the majority of the electorate
in all of those places.




URL:

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING: The Republicans who live in the most liberal areas end up with
the most influence per person.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   WELL-BEING

Asking about New Year's resolutions can help people stick to them

SECTION: PSYCHOLOGY

LENGTH: 497 words


It's that time of year again, when many of us will plan, and fail, to stick to
our New Year's resolutions. But now a team of researchers have found a way to
influence behavior, and encourage yourself or others to keep those resolutions.

The team of marketing researchers came together from the University of
California, Irvine, the University at Albany, State University of New York, the
University of Idaho and Washington State University to look at over 100 studies
from the past 40 years on the 'question-behavior effect', an effect in which
asking people if they will perform a certain behavior influences whether they do
it.

The team found, after looking at over the research, that a simple question
related to future behavior, such as "Will you exercise this year?", can
influence others to carry out that behavior.

The reason behind this change in behavior is when people are asked a question,
such as 'Will you recycle?', not only does it remind them that recycling is a
good thing and something that should do, but it also makes them feel
uncomfortable that they are not doing it. Therefore they change their behavior
and start recycling in order to alleviate these feelings of discomfort.

The technique can be applied to many situations, and as well as influence
recycling can also influence people to exercise more, reduce gender stereotypes,
and dissuade people from cheating in exams. "We found the effect is strongest
when questions are used to encourage behavior with personal and socially
accepted norms, such as eating healthy foods or volunteering," commented Eric R.
Spangenberg, first author and dean of the Paul Merage School of Business,
University of California, Irvine. "But it can be used effectively to even
influence consumer purchases, such as a new computer."

This effect has also been shown to last more than six months after questioning,
meaning that it would last long after the end of January when many of us have
already given up on our New Year resolutions.

To increase the strength of the effect, the researchers found that the most
effective way of influencing behavior is to ask questions via a computer or a
paper-and-pencil survey, and to ask questions that can be answered with a 'yes'
or 'no' response. Those asking the question should also keep it simple, and not
ask about a deadline or time frame for the behavior.

The team also advised that when asking about vices, the method may have the
opposite effect. In one study people asked about vices engaged in these vices
more in the future than a control group.

And for influencing your own behavior and sticking to those resolutions, the
researchers advised that asking a question rather than making a statement is the
key to influencing both yours or someone else's behavior. A question such as,
'Will I exercise -- yes or no?' may be more effective than declaring, 'I will
exercise', and help you stick to your plan well into 2016.

The results were published in the Journal of Consumer Psychology.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Crime Watch for 2/4/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


District Judge Barry L. Bloss Jr.'s office covers Springetts bury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.

DISPOSITIONS

Erik Miranda, 626 N. Beaver St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, fine plus
court cost.

Margie Rice, 2707 Long Farm Lane, Lancaster; harassment; pleaded guilty, fine
plus court cost.

Darrell Dortch, 7321 Konlack Court, Wilmington, N.C.; retail theft, theft by
unlawful taking; waived to court.

Antonio Colon, 270 Jefferson Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, fine plus
court cost.

Donna Baron, 1209 Wogan Road; procurement of drugs by fraud; waived to court.

Bradley Troop, 76 Willow Road, New Holland; possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Stephen Kruger, 304 Forest Court, Severna Park, Md.; driving under the influence
; waived to court.

Amber Bosley, 487 Big Mount Road, Thomasville; theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

Robert Williams Jr., 4803 Lehman Road, Spring Grove; theft from a motor vehicle,
receiving stolen property; bound over to court.

Victor Rivera, 410 N. Belvidere Ave., Apt. 2; driving under the influence,
accident involving damage to attended vehicle; waived to court.

Darrel Wimmer, 162 Walnut Springs Road; driving under the influence, careless
driving; waived to court.

Candido Geigel Jr., 278 Union St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jason Myer, 270 Deagen Road, Hanover; driving under the influence; bound over to
court.

Jane Dusch, 30 E. High St., Red Lion; retail theft; bound over to court.

Linda Shields, 139 Royal Court @ Waterford; retail theft; waived to court.

Matthew Gutacker, 102 Beshore School Road, Manchester; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Devon Mansberger, 1045 River Road, York Haven; possession of drugs, possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Lucas McCain, 119 Forest Drive, Titusville; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Sheree Van Natter, 2865 Sparrow Drive; retail theft; waived to court.

Zachery Mullen, 1371 Stratford Road; possession of drugs, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

John Floden, 570 Mundis Mill Road; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Nikol Collison, 1701 Taxville Road; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Robert Williams Jr., 4803 Lehman Road, Spring Grove; theft from a motor vehicle;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 25, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 09/24/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 764 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
William Kriskie, 100 Maple Road, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Cletus Hershey, 279 N. Hartley St.; defiant trespass; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Steven Harlacker, 1017 N. Duke St.; property maintenance; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Scott Luckenbaugh, 100 N. Forrest St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Dion A. Tuxford, 136 E. Broadway, Red Lion; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

David C. Miller, 118 N. 8th Ave., Altoona; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Michele Jay, 995 Conewago Ave., Manchester; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Dwayne Spak, 3400 Concord Road; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, served time.

Rose Oner, 3863 Green Valley Road, Seven Valleys; tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Benjamin Doll, 1473 W. Poplar Terrace; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Karl Kittler, 1915 Aldon Drive, Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Abraham Natale, 722 S. Duke St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

April R. Eady, 310 N. West St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Terry Murphy Jr., 802 S. Main St., Red Lion; reckless driving, driving under
suspension, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Terry Murphy Jr., 802 S. Main St., Red Lion; accidents involving damage to
attended vehicle/property, traffic control devices; waived to court.

Ernest J. Speck, 229 Old Stone Way; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Robert L. Knight, 4 Driftwood Court, Hanover; simple assault, harassment; waived
to court.

Stephen E. Jiles, 261 E. South St.; robbery-inflict threat-immediate bodily
injury, robbery-take property from other with force; held for court.

Anthony B. Barnett, 1021 S. Queen St.; retail theft-3rd offense; waived to
court.

Randy A. Hoover, 4791 W. Market St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, failure to stop at red light; waived to court.

Edward LG Simmons Jr., c/o York County Prison; false reports-report offense that
did not occur; waived to court.

Edward LG Simmons Jr., c/o York County Prison; false report-falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police; waived to court.

Tammy L. Cain, 238 N. George St., Apt. 206; false reports-falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police, drivers required to be licensed; held
for court.

Jesus Perez, 41 Spruce Lane, New Oxford; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Jenny L. Cotto-DeJesus, 387 S. Albemarle St.; theft or property/lost etc. by
mistake, theft by unlawful taking; paid costs and restitution.

Bruce L. Niedzielski, 1146 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, disorderly conduct, defiant trespass/actual communication to;
held for court.

Crue R. Snyder, 309 N. Queen St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, stop signs/yield signs; waived to court.

James Zeigler, 65 Meadowview Drive, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Kisha W. Smallwood, 322 N. Penn St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving under the
influence: controlled substance-combination of alcohol and drugs; waived to
court.

Sydney T. Jurkowski, 2470 Cedar Road; criminal mischief; paid costs and
restitution.

Keith A. Goodling, 2601 W. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Chhayneth Chhum, 3730 Walnut St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence: high
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Kyle A. Winter, 4417 Webster Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              July 10, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O02

LENGTH: 418 words


William Talmadge Clem IV, 24, of the 2000 block of Sylvan Lake Drive in
Grovetown, was charged with driving under the influence June 5, 2005, and
sentenced to 60 days in jail.

Jamie Marie Coley, 44, of the 600 block of Thomas Drive in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence Nov. 22, 2004, and fined $785.

Patrick Vaneijsden, 26, of the 200 block of Hardy Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 1, 2004, and was fined $1,375 was
sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Jamie Aaron Young, 32, of the 5800 block of Huntington Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 4, 2005, and was fined $1,240 and
sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Randy Butler, 38, of the 1400 block of Homestead Road in Hayden, Ala., was
charged with driving under the influence May 3, 2005, and was fined $785 and
sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Larry Michael Slover, 33, of the 6000 block of Dairy Court in Harlem, was
charged with driving under the influence April 30, 2005, and fined $1,185.

Freddie Wilson Hutto, 39, of the 100 block of Shawns Way in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence May 29, 2004, and fined $700.

Becky Ann Brooks, 38, of the 12900 block of Buckboard Court in Woodbridge, Va.,
was charged with driving under the influence Oct. 10, 2004, and fined $785.

Joseph Shawn Dingus, 30, of the 500 block of Plum St. Southwest in Thomson, was
charged with driving under the influence Oct. 8, 2004, and was fined $1,240 and
sentenced to 12 months' probation.

George Raymond Goldman Jr., 40, of the 1400 block of Greene St. in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence March 12, 2004, and fined $700.

Roberto Isassi Barron, 44, of the 1600 block of Pine Ridge Drive North in
Hephzibah, was charged with driving under the influence April 28, 2005, and
fined $785.

Charles Eugene Reeves, 39, of the 3900 block of Gordon Highway in Harlem, was
charged with driving under the influence April 23, 2005, and was fined $1,215
and sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Ryan Thomas Stehle, 25, of the 400 block of Connemara Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence May 20, 2005, and fined $785.

John Corbit Allen, 25, of the 2400 block of Chapman Street in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence May 21, 2005, and fined $810.

Brian James Tedro, 35, of the 4400 block of Belair Drive in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence March 31, 2005, and was fined $785 and
sentenced to 12 months' probation.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 23, 2004, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Nation's moral values declining, most say

BYLINE: Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 523 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Americans came out of the presidential election believing the
nation is deeply divided on values and important issues, but they have a more
favorable opinion of President Bush than before.

A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll conducted this weekend found that two-thirds of
Americans say the country is "greatly divided" about the most important values,
and seven in 10 say people are more deeply split on major issues than at any
time in recent years.

The perception of a national divide on values and issues was the deepest it has
been since Bush became president. It probably reflects a fading of the unifying
effect of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, says Jeff Jones, a Gallup analyst.


Fresher in people's minds is the just-ended election season, when the nation was
energized by and interested in politics, and the intensity of feelings about
Bush were at a peak, Jones says. Bush "has been a more polarizing president than
any we've seen" at least since Lyndon Johnson during the Vietnam War, he says.

Following an election in which moral values were emphasized and seen as a key to
Bush's victory, the nation continues to have a harsh assessment of its own
morality. Just one-fourth say the overall moral state in the country is
excellent or good; three-fourths rate the moral state only fair or poor. And
two-thirds say the state of moral values is getting worse, while 27% say it is
getting better.

All of those numbers, however, were slight gains from soundings over the past
two years.

A 48% plurality said religion has too much political influence, 40% said it has
too little influence and 7% said it has the right amount. The last time the
question was asked, in 1996, 42% said there was too much religious influence on
politics and 44% said there was too little.

But on moral influence, people are more in agreement: 64% say religion has too
little influence on American morals. That's a 5-point drop from eight years ago.


Since the election, Bush has emphasized a policy agenda that includes making his
first-term income tax cuts permanent and changing Social Security to give
workers the right to invest some of their withholding, both of which are
priorities for conservatives. The poll found, however, that a 2-to-1 majority
wants Bush to pursue "programs that both parties support" rather than a
Republican agenda.

Republicans were split on that question: 46% favored bipartisanship, 46% the
Republican Party's policy list.

"That suggests a lot of Republicans want to see the country be more united,"
Jones says.

Assessments of Bush improved: 55% approve of the job he is doing as president,
up from a 48% pre-election score. His personal favorability rating hit 60%, up
from 51% in late October. But he didn't match outgoing Secretary of State Colin
Powell, who got an 87% favorable rating.

Asked whether the Constitution should be changed to allow U.S. citizens born in
another country to run for president, 67% were opposed. But when the question
was asked with a mention of California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was born
in Austria, disapproval dropped to 58%.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll Friday-Sunday of 1, 015. Margin of error: +/-3 percentage points (BAR
GRAPH); PHOTO, B/W, Jay LaPrete, AP; President Arnold? Arnold Schwarzenegger
with President Bush last month. Poll shows most oppose letting a foreign-born
citizen be president.<>USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll: Politics, religion and morals
in America (graphic)

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      OCTOBER 26, 1999 Tuesday SF EDITION

REID DECLARES HE'S NOT READY TO START MCNABB DOUG PEDERSON WILL FACE THE GIANTS
ON SUNDAY. THE EAGLES' COACH WILL STICK TO HIS GUNS / DESPITE MOUNTING PRESSURE
TO GO WITH THE ROOKIE QB.

BYLINE: Phil Sheridan, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 960 words


The question follows a loss as surely as a tail follows a dog:

When will Donovan McNabb start at quarterback?

Eagles head coach Andy Reid opened his weekly news conference by announcing that
Doug Pederson would start Sunday against the New York Giants. Reid then spent
most of the ensuing 30 minutes fielding variations on the theme:

When will McNabb start? If not now, then why? Is this a sign McNabb's
development has slowed? What criteria will Reid base his "subjective" decision
on? What about Koy Detmer?

"I'm going to stick with that base plan," Reid said. "People are obviously going
to have their opinion. Without standing before you as a philosopher, that's
human nature. I've got to go on what my expertise is. I can't let outside
influences be an influence on this decision. I'm going to do this when I think
it's right."

By "outside influences," Reid doesn't just mean the media and fans. He is also
referring to other NFL teams that are playing their rookie quarterbacks.
First-round picks Tim Couch, Akili Smith and Cade McNown are all starting for
their teams, either because of coach's decisions or injuries.

Couch is 0-6 as a starter for the Cleveland Browns, who scored three points
Sunday. McNown is 0-2 for the Chicago Bears, who scored three points Sunday.
Smith is 1-2 for the Cincinnati Bengals. They scored 10 points against
Indianapolis, but their only touchdown came after Jeff Blake replaced Smith.

That is clearly something Reid wants to avoid, making McNabb the starter too
soon and then having to replace him at the expense of his confidence. Eagles
fans saw plenty of rounds of quarterback roulette during Ray Rhodes' four
seasons.

"I'm not going to go back and forth," Reid said. "If he becomes the starter,
he's the starter. That's not the case right now. I want to make sure Donovan
McNabb grows, as hard as that is. I'm looking at the big picture."

That seemed a lot easier back in training camp. As the season rolls on and the
Eagles struggle to score, the big picture gets a little hazy for many observers.
From the day he was hired, Reid has said he was building the team with a
five-year plan. It follows that winning this season isn't as important as
getting the team put together properly to win down the line. And the key to that
is the quarterback.

Two things have ratcheted up the pressure. The Eagles' defense has turned out to
be better than anyone could have expected, giving them a legitimate chance to
win all but one of their seven games. And the offense has been worse than anyone
could have expected, with Pederson struggling to adjust to the starting role and
breakdowns by other players magnifying his shortcomings.

Add those two things and the Eagles are 2-5 with two one-point losses and a game
they were a missed 42-yard field goal from tying in the final minute.

Worse, they were an overthrown pass to an open Charles Johnson from taking a
20-16 lead in the final minute. On the last play before Norm Johnson missed that
field goal, Johnson got open behind Terrell Buckley. Pederson's pass was beyond
Johnson's reach.

"The wide receiver was open," Reid said. "We were a yard off with it. That's one
of the throws I know Doug would like to have back. There were some big plays
there, plays you have to make."

"If we hit two plays," Pederson said, "the game's entirely different. C. J. ran
the right route. I got a little excited when I saw him get open, and I put a
little too much on it."

Would McNabb have made a better throw? That's the question fans may want
answered. For Reid, that question is irrelevant, at least for the moment. The
right question is how to best develop McNabb for a career, not to win a game. In
Reid's thinking, Detmer is almost beside the point, which is to develop McNabb.

"Koy's an option," Reid said, "but not one I'm going to go to right now."

Couch, Smith and McNown are all going through the trial by fire that McNabb will
have to face when he becomes the starter. By playing McNabb in certain games and
at certain times, Reid is clearly trying to minimize the shock of facing
full-speed NFL defenses.

Pederson said that McNabb takes about 40 percent of the first-team practice reps
on Wednesdays and Thursdays. That number is extraordinarily high. The backup
normally gets to run only a handful of plays, getting the bulk of his work
running the scout team offense against the first-team defense. On Fridays, when
the team focuses on plays designed for inside the opponent's 20-yard line,
Pederson gets the standard starter's reps.

Pederson said that distribution of practice time didn't bother him.

"It's been working out fine," he said.

All signs continue to point to McNabb's taking over as the starter before the
end of the season. Reid didn't say so, but a logical time to evaluate Pederson
would be at the season's halfway point. That's coming this Sunday. The Giants
will also be the first team the Eagles have played twice this season. Pederson
had perhaps his worst performance of the season against them at the Meadowlands.
That gives Reid a standard for measuring Pederson's progress.

The next week, the Eagles open the second half of their season on the road
against a beatable Carolina team. That may well have been the game Reid had
circled all along. If so, it would take an exceptional performance by Pederson
on Sunday to change the coach's mind.

The plan is the plan. Time will tell whether Reid is right or wrong, but he is
clearly going to do this his way no matter what anyone else says.

"I'm going to keep [the time frame] private," Reid said. "When I feel the
opportunity is right to bring him in, that's what I'm going to do. I'm not going
to put Donovan in what I consider a negative situation."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Andy Reid says he won't let "outside influences" affect his decision on when to
start Donovan McNabb. (RUSTY KENNEDY, Associated Press)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Rhode Island: Rhode Island State Police Make Seventy Arrests Over the Memorial
Day Weekend, Including Ten Subjects for Driving While Intoxicated

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of State Police, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
news release:

Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
arrested ten (10) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated over the Memorial Day
Weekend. In addition to the DWI arrests, they made sixty (60) other arrests on
miscellaneous charges during the period from Friday, May 23, 2014 through
Monday, May 26, 2014.

The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving While
Intoxicated:

Kathleen Cartegena, age 23, of 145 Earle Street, Central Falls, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .213/.208)
o Duty to Stop at Accident-Damage to Attended Vehicle

Raymond J. Delorme, age 32, of 49 School Street, Lincoln, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence(BAC Unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Rebekah Antaya, age 42 of 345 Post Road-Apt 1, Warwick, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .235/.216)

Austin Cook, age 28, of 27 First Avenue-Apt 3, Woonsocket, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence(BAC Unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Fausto Cruz, age 45, of 56 Atlantic Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .090/.096)

Antonio Martinez, age 37, of 186 Old Turnpike Road, Southington, Connecticut
o Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs(BAC .184/.190)

Dane Auger, age 28, of 103 Cedar Street, Rehobeth, Massachusetts
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)
o Driving to Endanger Resulting in Physical Injury

Amanda McPherson, age 28, of 406 Warner Brook Drive-Apt 10604, Warwick, Rhode
Island
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

Robert Curren, age 24, of 55 Glenrock Road, Exeter, Rhode Island o Driving Under
the Influence(BAC Unknown) o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

William Mayer, age 36 of 6 Cathy Circle, Portsmouth, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence of Liquor/Drugs(BAC .158/.152)
o Weapons other than Firearm Prohibited (Knife)
o Destruction of State Property
o Disorderly Conduct
o Threats to Public Officials

Troopers also issued seven hundred sixty-three (763) citations, including two
hundred twenty-eight (228) Seat Belt/Child Restraint violations and seventeen
(17) Conditions Requiring Reduced Speed/Move Over violations. They also handled
thirty-one (31) accidents, with four (4) of them involving intoxicated
operators. One (1) of the intoxicated operators, Dane Auger, sustained serious
injuries and was transported to Rhode Island Hospital.

The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, seat belt and child restraint
violations. We believe that by continuing these enforcement efforts, it makes
the highways safer for all travelers.

Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone.

For further information please visit: http://www.risp.ri.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            June 20, 2007 Wednesday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1b

LENGTH: 403 words


BIRTHS

St. AlexiusMedical Center

Son, Tiffany Goodiron and Monty Hollow, Bismarck, 10:28 p.m., June 18.

Daughter, Jessica Dockter and Jeremy Kanouse, Mandan, 11:12 p.m., June 18.

Son, Darrin and Kylee Johnson, Bismarck, 8:49 a.m., June 19.

Elsewhere

Son, Cassie and David Krenz, Corydon, Iowa, June 17. Grandparents are Paige
Pederson, Mandan, and Bonnie and David Krenz, Cooperstown.

Son, John and Jennifer Japel, Livermore, Calif., June 18. Grandparents are Lore
and Sue Japel, Bismarck, and Terry and Sue Schmidt, St. Cloud, Minn.

COURTS

Burleigh County

Judge Thomas Schneider

Driving under the influence (second in five years): Jesse G. Leighton, 26, 725
S. 12th St. No. 235, $500 and 30 days, 25 days suspended for 18 months, also
driving under suspension (fourth or more): one year, 361 days suspended for 18
months, jail time served consecutively.

Judge Gail Hagerty

Driving under the influence: Dennis D. Pulkrabek Jr., 34, 4613 Roughrider
Circle, Mandan, $250, 10 days suspended for one year. Nicholas C. Mahr, 55,
South Windsor, Conn., $750.

False information or report to law enforcement: Sean M. Stevenson, 23, 2110 E.
Divide Ave. No. 7, one year suspended for two years, 40 hours community service.

Judge Bruce Haskell

Driving under the influence: Lisa M. Bauman, 42, Menoken, $250, 10 days
suspended for one year.

Possession of drug paraphernalia: Richmond B. Whiteeagle, 26, 121 W. Interstate
Ave., one year, six months suspended for two years.

Reckless driving: Cammy K. Olson, 32, 2113 W. Bay Drive, Mandan, $650, seven
days suspended for one year.

Judge Sonna Anderson

Driving under the influence: Daniel J. Keller, 70, 6015 Ponderosa Ave., $250,
seven days suspended.

Reckless driving: Brent M. Obenauer, 28, Carol Stream, Ill., $1,000, seven days
suspended for one year.

Minor in possession or consumption: Michael J. Tincher, 19, 4500 Riverbend Lane,
$150, five days suspended.

Judge David Reich

Driving under the influence (second in five years): Ross R. Nathan, 41, 7480 Red
Fox Lane, $500 and 30 days, 25 days suspended for one year, electronic
monitoring.

Driving under the influence: Donald E. Fischer, 26, 5 Humbert Drive, Lincoln,
$250, 10 days suspended for one year.

Driving under suspension: Gene A. Mohundro, 23, Minot, 10 days suspended for one
year. Von A. Chase, 23, 175 E. Indiana Ave. No. 311, 10 days suspended for one
year. Richard J. Fleck Jr., 18, 200 57th Ave. N.W., 10 days suspended. Nubs of
the news

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Flying While Intoxicated Statutory
Class Upgrade

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future, I will be introducing legislation to upgrade the statutory
class for the offense of operating an aircraft while under the influence of
drugs or alcohol from a misdemeanor of the second class to a felony.





 On March 26, 2016, an American Airlines pilot was arrested after he was
observed by Transportation Security Administration personnel to be visibly under
the influence of alcohol while passing through the security gate en route to a
flight from Detroit to Philadelphia. After assuming his position in the cockpit
of the aircraft, airport police investigated and discovered a serious odor of
liquor, as well as mouthwash, a clear and deliberate attempt to conceal his
condition. As he was escorted off the airplane, he exhibited other signs of
intoxication and given a breathalyzer test that confirmed the officers'
suspicions. The pilot was charged with a misdemeanor under Michigan law.



 I was shocked to learn that attempting to pilot a commercial airline, an act
that carries enormous responsibility for the safety of hundreds of lives, while
under the influence of alcohol is only a misdemeanor, both in Michigan and in
Pennsylvania. Recklessly endangering so many innocent travelers should carry a
much stiffer penalty in order to deter such behavior and protect the public.



 My legislation would upgrade the current statutory class for operating, or
attempting to operate, a commercial or private aircraft while under the
influence of alcohol, controlled substance, or any combination thereof, from a
misdemeanor of the second degree to an ungraded felony. This bill would also
provide for enhanced penalties in cases where a pilot under the influence of
drugs and/or alcohol causes serious bodily injury or death, which is also
currently a misdemeanor of the second degree in Pennsylvania.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

Jacob's winter Ladder

BYLINE: BARRY DAVIS

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1085 words


In the early 1960s, British musicians helped to breathe new life into the blues
scene in the US, the birthplace of the genre. But folk music is another thing
entirely. By definition, each culture has its own roots music, fueled by
centuries of storytelling and local lore, although not all folk artists stick to
their own ilk.

The latter is epitomized by accordionist, fiddler and vocalist Phil Underwood,
fiddler-vocalist Charlie Skelton and guitarist-vocalist Peter Dunhill, who will
appear at this year's winter version of the Jacob's Ladder Festival as the
Creole Brothers.

Playing creole music should come naturally to a musician from south Louisiana or
from the neighboring states of Texas and Mississippi or Alabama. But the
threesome who will headline at Nof Ginossar on December 6 and 7 come from much
farther away from the Bayou - the cradle of Creole.

"I'm actually from the Isle of Wight," says Underwood, referring to the island
just off the middle of England's southern coast.

So how did a nice young English lad from the rustic environs of southern England
end up performing and recording music that originates from way beyond his
geographical or cultural horizons?

"It was a kind of journey from English folk music - that's really my roots - and
I discovered Cajun music over 20 years ago," he says.

The epiphany took place in the most British of settings.

"We used to do jam sessions in pubs, and one of the guys had learned a couple of
Cajun songs [from Louisiana], and I thought that was really cool," Underwood
recalls. "Everybody started jumping when we began playing it, and I thought,
'That's really good. I like that.'"

Underwood began exploring the genre and how best to go about playing songs from
that neck of the musical woods. One way was to try a new instrumental approach.

"I started learning the accordion. I always played the melodeon, which is a
diatonic accordion, and I managed to get myself a Cajun accordion from the
States and started learning it. Since then, it's been a journey and a passion,"
he says.

The passion may have been firmly ensconced in Underwood's musical heart, but the
roots of the music were still thousands of miles away. The accordionist was
determined to get as authentic a handle on the genre as possible, so he went
straight to the source.

"I have learned from many wonderful players from Louisiana, and I've had my own
[Creole] band since the early 1990s," he says.

Then again, perhaps he didn't have such a long journey to make to connect with
the foot-stomping energies of the Deep South.

"There has been an influence on some English folk music from the northern parts
of America - you know Appalachia - and where you hear what some people might
call bluegrass, but you could also call it hillbilly music from those regions.
There are influences from there, and especially with some of the [instrument]
tunings," he notes, adding that British folk has not been entirely inured to
influences from other climes, either.

"There are influences from traditional French tunes as well. You've got the
Mardi Gras song which sounds much more like a traditional French tune," he
points out.

Cajun music, says Underwood, has also been crafted through a blend of cultural
input.

"Some of the Cajun songs came from Europe through the Appalachian region and
then south. If you think where the Cajuns came from, they came from the Nova
Scotia area. And you've got the French influence up there, but you've also got
the English, Scottish and Irish influence up there, especially the Irish."

There was also some British impact of a less friendly type.

"The Cajuns probably picked up some influences there before Le Grand
Dérangement, as they call it, when they were forcibly ejected by the British
governor in 1775. Some went back to France, and some went down the East Coast
and eventually ended up in Louisiana," he says.

As Underwood explains, there's even more to the Creole musical fusion.

"What makes the Cajun, Creole, music so different is the African influence.
You've got those African rhythms in there."

It sounds like Underwood has really gotten into the whole Creole culture and
history, and not just the music.

"I have been going over to Louisiana since 1997 and have had the honor to become
a very good friend to a Cajun family whose grandfather was the legendary
accordion player Iry LeJeune. I was a very good friend of Iry's son Eddie
LeJeune, who was one of the great accordion players. I met him in England, and
he invited me to Louisiana to play with him. After Eddie's death in 2001, I
became very close to his family, and I wrote a song about him," he says.

Underwood, in fact, muses that his liaison with the LeJeune family is, in a way,
somewhat incongruous.

"When you consider the history of the way the British treated the Cajuns, it is
surprising, I suppose. But I have a passion for the music, and Eddie recognized
that, and that's why he nurtured me and helped me along. Creole music is the
most passionate music you can play. That's my take on it. You put your heart
into it when you play the music. I lived in America for a couple of years, in
the south, and I think the British and everyone else can learn a lot from the
passion they have for the music," he asserts.

The Jacob's Ladder Winter Weekend gathering is generally a cozier and more
intimate affair than the far larger Spring Festival, but with the Creole
Brothers around, the ambience at Nof Ginossar may be higher up the mercury level
than most years.

In addition to the British-Cajun trio, the program stretches culturally and
rhythmically far and wide, with a tribute to Leonard Cohen, courtesy of Ari
Gorali, Sivan Talmor and Gal Nisman, and a heady mix of Irish, country, Balkan
and Gypsy numbers by the La Basta Trio. Of course, Jacob's Ladder wouldn't be
the same without perennial festival performer guitarist-harmonica player Shay
Tochner, who will team up with singer Gabriella Lewis for some good ol' country
and folk music, while Judi 'n' Lynn Lewis and Dvir Cafri will dish up their own
country and folk repertoire.

In addition to the staged entertainment, there will be some proactive events
available in the form of Manny Emanueli's Irish Dance workshop, while the
evergreen Cyrelle Forman will put festival patrons through their square dancing
and contra dancing paces. And if you fancy giving your vocal chords a try-out,
Larry Mindy will present a program of golden oldies in the 1960s and '70s
sing-along slot.

For tickets and more information: (04) 685-0403 and www.jlfestival.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The musical weekend in December at Nof Ginossar will be a cozy, intimate
affair

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: Gal Nisman. Sivan Talmor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

Jacob's winter Ladder

BYLINE: BARRY DAVIS

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1085 words


In the early 1960s, British musicians helped to breathe new life into the blues
scene in the US, the birthplace of the genre. But folk music is another thing
entirely. By definition, each culture has its own roots music, fueled by
centuries of storytelling and local lore, although not all folk artists stick to
their own ilk.

The latter is epitomized by accordionist, fiddler and vocalist Phil Underwood,
fiddler-vocalist Charlie Skelton and guitarist-vocalist Peter Dunhill, who will
appear at this year's winter version of the Jacob's Ladder Festival as the
Creole Brothers.

Playing creole music should come naturally to a musician from south Louisiana or
from the neighboring states of Texas and Mississippi or Alabama. But the
threesome who will headline at Nof Ginossar on December 6 and 7 come from much
farther away from the Bayou - the cradle of Creole.

"I'm actually from the Isle of Wight," says Underwood, referring to the island
just off the middle of England's southern coast.

So how did a nice young English lad from the rustic environs of southern England
end up performing and recording music that originates from way beyond his
geographical or cultural horizons?

"It was a kind of journey from English folk music - that's really my roots - and
I discovered Cajun music over 20 years ago," he says.

The epiphany took place in the most British of settings.

"We used to do jam sessions in pubs, and one of the guys had learned a couple of
Cajun songs [from Louisiana], and I thought that was really cool," Underwood
recalls. "Everybody started jumping when we began playing it, and I thought,
'That's really good. I like that.'"

Underwood began exploring the genre and how best to go about playing songs from
that neck of the musical woods. One way was to try a new instrumental approach.

"I started learning the accordion. I always played the melodeon, which is a
diatonic accordion, and I managed to get myself a Cajun accordion from the
States and started learning it. Since then, it's been a journey and a passion,"
he says.

The passion may have been firmly ensconced in Underwood's musical heart, but the
roots of the music were still thousands of miles away. The accordionist was
determined to get as authentic a handle on the genre as possible, so he went
straight to the source.

"I have learned from many wonderful players from Louisiana, and I've had my own
[Creole] band since the early 1990s," he says.

Then again, perhaps he didn't have such a long journey to make to connect with
the foot-stomping energies of the Deep South.

"There has been an influence on some English folk music from the northern parts
of America - you know Appalachia - and where you hear what some people might
call bluegrass, but you could also call it hillbilly music from those regions.
There are influences from there, and especially with some of the [instrument]
tunings," he notes, adding that British folk has not been entirely inured to
influences from other climes, either.

"There are influences from traditional French tunes as well. You've got the
Mardi Gras song which sounds much more like a traditional French tune," he
points out.

Cajun music, says Underwood, has also been crafted through a blend of cultural
input.

"Some of the Cajun songs came from Europe through the Appalachian region and
then south. If you think where the Cajuns came from, they came from the Nova
Scotia area. And you've got the French influence up there, but you've also got
the English, Scottish and Irish influence up there, especially the Irish."

There was also some British impact of a less friendly type.

"The Cajuns probably picked up some influences there before Le Grand
Dérangement, as they call it, when they were forcibly ejected by the British
governor in 1775. Some went back to France, and some went down the East Coast
and eventually ended up in Louisiana," he says.

As Underwood explains, there's even more to the Creole musical fusion.

"What makes the Cajun, Creole, music so different is the African influence.
You've got those African rhythms in there."

It sounds like Underwood has really gotten into the whole Creole culture and
history, and not just the music.

"I have been going over to Louisiana since 1997 and have had the honor to become
a very good friend to a Cajun family whose grandfather was the legendary
accordion player Iry LeJeune. I was a very good friend of Iry's son Eddie
LeJeune, who was one of the great accordion players. I met him in England, and
he invited me to Louisiana to play with him. After Eddie's death in 2001, I
became very close to his family, and I wrote a song about him," he says.

Underwood, in fact, muses that his liaison with the LeJeune family is, in a way,
somewhat incongruous.

"When you consider the history of the way the British treated the Cajuns, it is
surprising, I suppose. But I have a passion for the music, and Eddie recognized
that, and that's why he nurtured me and helped me along. Creole music is the
most passionate music you can play. That's my take on it. You put your heart
into it when you play the music. I lived in America for a couple of years, in
the south, and I think the British and everyone else can learn a lot from the
passion they have for the music," he asserts.

The Jacob's Ladder Winter Weekend gathering is generally a cozier and more
intimate affair than the far larger Spring Festival, but with the Creole
Brothers around, the ambience at Nof Ginossar may be higher up the mercury level
than most years.

In addition to the British-Cajun trio, the program stretches culturally and
rhythmically far and wide, with a tribute to Leonard Cohen, courtesy of Ari
Gorali, Sivan Talmor and Gal Nisman, and a heady mix of Irish, country, Balkan
and Gypsy numbers by the La Basta Trio. Of course, Jacob's Ladder wouldn't be
the same without perennial festival performer guitarist-harmonica player Shay
Tochner, who will team up with singer Gabriella Lewis for some good ol' country
and folk music, while Judi 'n' Lynn Lewis and Dvir Cafri will dish up their own
country and folk repertoire.

In addition to the staged entertainment, there will be some proactive events
available in the form of Manny Emanueli's Irish Dance workshop, while the
evergreen Cyrelle Forman will put festival patrons through their square dancing
and contra dancing paces. And if you fancy giving your vocal chords a try-out,
Larry Mindy will present a program of golden oldies in the 1960s and '70s
sing-along slot.

For tickets and more information: (04) 685-0403 and www.jlfestival.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The musical weekend in December at Nof Ginossar will be a cozy, intimate
affair

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: Gal Nisman. Sivan Talmor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 15, 2007 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Who Will Be the Karl Rove Of the 2008 Campaign?

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 418 words


The most obvious heir to a position of Karl Rove-like influence is Mark Penn,
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's top political adviser. Penn, the rare pollster who
is also the chief strategist of a campaign, reinforces some of what liberals do
not like about Clinton: He is a centrist who has pushed the New York Democrat to
the middle and advised her not to apologize for her vote to authorize the war in
Iraq.

David Axelrod, the Chicago-based admaker who piloted Barack Obama's 2004 Senate
victory, is also involved in political strategy and policy and speaks to the
Illinois Democrat every day. His influence could be even stronger than Rove's or
Penn's in one way -- Axelrod came to advise Obama when he was a little-known
state senator and has worked with him closely longer than Penn has with Clinton.

At this point in the race, the other leading candidates do not seem to have a
figure as central as Rove was to Bush. Former senator John Edwards, a North
Carolina Democrat, has frequently complained of the influence of consultants,
and in many ways his wife, Elizabeth, is viewed as his top adviser. And in the
2004 campaign, Elizabeth Edwards complained that ads designed by one adviser did
not portray her husband's unique qualities. That adviser? David Axelrod.

On the Republican side, Jeri Thompson, wife of former senator Fred D. Thompson
of Tennessee, has become controversial because of her heavy involvement in the
day-to-day operations of her husband's potential campaign despite having
relatively little political experience.

For the most part, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney lacks a central
campaign figure on the Rove model. Most of his current staffers are new to
presidential bids, though campaign manager Beth Myers did serve as his chief of
staff in Massachusetts.

Former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's team includes New York campaign and
City Hall veterans. He has added some new Washington hands, including campaign
manager Mike DuHaime, the former political director of the Republican National
Committee.

One candidate in the field who ran directly against the Karl Rove machine is
Sen. John McCain of Arizona. Up until this summer, McCain had a Rove proxy in
longtime aide John Weaver. Weaver and Rove both honed their craft in Texas
politics, at one time working together on a gubernatorial campaign. But Weaver
left the McCain team last month during a major campaign shake-up, meaning that
McCain's Rove, like Bush's Rove, will sit on the sidelines in 2008.

-- Perry Bacon Jr.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Mark Penn
IMAGE; David Axelrod
IMAGE; Elizabeth Edwards
IMAGE; Jeri Thompson
IMAGE; Beth Myers
IMAGE; Mike DuHaime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            January 9, 2007 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 12/28/2006

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 289 words


District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Tony Reese, 5051 Pine Hill Road, Dover; driving under the influence, fleeing or
attempting to elude police, recklessly endangering another person; held for
court.

Scott Spangler, 191 Country Ridge Drive; unlawful taking of wildlife/game,
unlawful devices and methods, criminal trespass; pleaded guilty; sentenced to
pay fine and costs.

Jason Stough, 1300 Steven Valleys Road; indecent assault, corruption of minors;
waived to court.

Jeremiah Demario, 2607 Bert Fowler Road, Manchester, Md.; driving under the
influence, receiving stolen property, agricultural vandalism, criminal mischief;
waived to court.

Ernest Smith, 2043 Kitzmiller Road, Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded guilty;
sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Robert Allen Emig, 1421 Krafts Mill Road, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Joshua Borror, 4653 Zeiglers Church Road, Spring Grove; theft, receiving stolen
property, theft by deception, theft by failure to make required disposition of
funds; held for court.

Janet L. Cole, 7261 Yellow Church Road, Seven Valleys; driving under the
influence; waived to court.
---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Town ship, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS
William Morrison III, 3060 Brookfield Drive; tax violation; pleaded guilty; paid
costs.

James Harless, 231 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; disorderly conduct, public
drunkenness; pleaded guilty; time served.

Philip Moley, 3326 Glen Hollow Drive, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty; paid
costs.

Christina Hess, 1416 Conewago Ave., Manchester; theft by deception; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              February 7, 2001, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

ARTIST TO SCULPT STATUE OF ST. CHARLES' NAMESAKE

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit; Of The St. Charles County PostLOCAL HISTORY; RELIGIOUS
ARTIFACT; SCULPTURE; LOCAL; GOVERNMENT FUNDS PARK; RESEARCH

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 607 words


The artist who sculpts busts each year of honorees of the Pro Football Hall of
Fame has been commissioned to create a statue of San Carlos Borromeo, the
16th-century Archbishop of Milan who is the namesake of St. Charles and St.
Charles County.

Blair Buswell, the artist, lives and works in Provo, Utah. He was recommended
for the project by Steve Boody, a consultant who is president of Boody Fine Arts
Inc. in Chesterfield.

The statue is expected to be the centerpiece of a monument depicting the origins
of St. Charles and the settlement of the region.

The monument - within a low, semi-circular wall - is planned for the grounds of
the Historic Courthouse at the corner of Second and Jefferson streets.

Last week, the County Council approved spending $ 160,000 for the artist's work.
Earlier, the council had approved a budget of $ 300,000 for the statue and the
cost of developing the grounds for the monument.

Among Buswell's works is a bronze bust of Paul W. "Bear" Bryant at the museum in
Tuscaloosa, Ala., honoring the legendary Alabama Crimson Tide football coach of
25 years.

Buswell, who was in Honolulu for the National Football League's Pro Bowl over
the weekend, could not be reached for comment on his new contract for the statue
in St. Charles.

County Executive Joe Ortwerth, who had proposed the monument last year, has been
sensitive to some criticism of spending public money on the project. Councilman
Dan Foust, R-6th District, for example, had opposed the budget item because, he
said, "That's a religious artifact and should be done with private money."

Seeking to defuse the issue, Ortwerth said this week, "The idea is not just to
put up a statue of San Carlos Borromeo, though that is the most significant
thing happening, but to talk about how the community was started, what the
cultural influences were that led to the growth and development of St. Charles."

Ortwerth said he had spent parts of two weeks with Ann King, the local history
and genealogy librarian at Kathryn Lineman Library, working "to confirm
information on the early history of the region, making sure we have reliable
sources and data."

He said the monument would include etched plaques situated around the statue
"that talk about not just Borromeo and the origins of the city and county but
also about the influences that led to the settlement of the community."

The interpretive pieces, Ortwerth said, are expected to portray "the French
influence on the area, the Spanish influence, the Native-American influence and
the German immigration that occurred in the early 1800s." Further, he said,
those influences will tie in with the Lewis and Clark exposition that started at
St. Charles and the final years of Daniel Bone's life, spent in the Femme Usage
Valley.

The county's contract with the artist provides that the statue be cast in
bronze, be about 7 1/2 feet tall and depict the archbishop "in attire
appropriate to his position."

Buswell will sculpt a "maquette," or a miniature version of the statue.  When
that is ready for inspection and approval, Ortwerth said, "Someone from this
office will go to Utah to see whether it reflects what we're looking for."

Ortwerth emphasized, "The challenge, and people should understand this, is that
(the statue) faithfully represents the namesake of this community without it
being overly ecclesiastical. It's not possible to purge the archbishop of his
clerical status. On the other hand, we don't want it to be overly
denominational. That's our challenge."

The statue is scheduled to be delivered about 18 months after the maquette has
been approved.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Ralph Dummit: E-mail: rdummit@post-dispatch.com Phone:
636-946-3903, ext. 235

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Color Graphic / Illustration - An artist's rendering of a
monument to San Carlos Borromeo, the namesake for the city of St. Charles and
St. Charles County.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Rhode Island: State Police Arrest Twelve Intoxicated Drivers Over the Weekend,
One of the Drivers Operating with a One Year Old Child in His Vehicle

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Department of State Police, The state of Rhode has issued the
following news release:



 Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police
and Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of the Division's
efforts to continue to make our roadways safer, members of the Rhode Island
State Police have arrested twelve (12) subjects for Driving Under the Influence
(DUI) over weekend. One of those arrested was traveling with a one (1) year old
child in his vehicle.





 The following is a list of the twelve (12) people who were arrested and their
pending charges:



 Edwin Gregorio, age 46, of 50 York Street, Apartment 5N, Fall River,
Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor/Drugs- First Offense
(1st Phase - .211, 2nd Phase - .202)

 &bull; Edwin Gregorio had a one year old child in the vehicle at the time of
the arrest



 Sherelle Gomes, age 27, of 90 Leonard Jenard Drive, Pawtucket, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol and/or Drugs (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 James O'Connor, age 51, of 45 Larch Drive, Coventry, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st
Offense (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 James Gorniewicz, age 50, of 76 Beach Point Drive, Riverside, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st
Offense (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Elliott Nelson, age 40, of 146 Whitmarsh Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st
Offense BAC .15 or Greater (Phase I .150/Phase II .160)

 &bull; Reckless Driving

 &bull; Operating with a Suspended License



 Timothy Rupkey, age 60, of 8 Cedar Pond Drive, Warwick, Rhode Island

 &bull; DUI (First Offense, BAC Unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Josephine Gomes, age 60, of 20 Messer Street, Warwick, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st
Offense, BAC .10-.15 (Phase 1: .111 / Phase 2: .106)



 Jeffrey Ricketts, age 50, of 52 Gager Road, Bozrah, Connecticut

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs 1st
Offense - (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Stacy Stockwell, age 24, of 14 Otis Street, East Somerville, Massachusetts

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st
Offense (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Giulio Lancellotta, age 52, of 52 Elmgrove Avenue, Scituate, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs - 1st
Offense- .15/Greater (Phase I .168, Phase II .166)

 &bull; Vandalism/Malicious Injury to Property

 &bull; Disorderly Conduct (Fighting/ Tumultuous Behavior)

 &bull; Resisting Arrest



 Sydney Lyon, age 27, of 1190 Charles Street, Apt #56, North Providence, Rhode
Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol and/or Drugs (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Sandy Santana, age 46, of 218 Saratoga Street, Apartment #1 Providence, Rhode
Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol and/or Drugs (BAC unknown)

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, seat belt and child restraint
violations. We believe that by continuing these enforcement efforts, it makes
the highways safer for all travelers.



 Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 19, 2007 Sunday

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 544 words


Guard honor

Shelle Michaels of Soldiers' Angels is the recipient of the "Outstanding Center
of Influence" award from the North Dakota Army National Guard 188th ADA JLENS
for deployment support for December 2005-February 2007 and the "Distinguished
Center of Influence" from the A/1-188th ADA SECFOR for deployment support for
December 2005-April 2007.

As part of the National Guard's "Freedom Salute Campaign," each mobilized unit
that comes off active duty awards one "Distinguished Center of Influence" and
"Outstanding Center of Influence" award to an individual or organization for
their support of the unit's soldiers and their families.

The 188th ADA JLENS presented the Mosaic Flag print to Michaels during a
presentation this spring and the A/188th ADA SECFOR presented the bronze casting
of an eagle at the Freedom Salute in Bismarck on July 28.

Michaels is the tri-state regional manager and national public relations
director for Soldiers' Angels.

Military retirement

Sgt. 1st Class Ronald "Keith" Huff II recently retired from military service. He
served in multiple locations, to include two combat tours in support of
Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom. His awards included the
Bronze Star and the Legion of Merit.

He has accepted a position as deputy director of operations for Power Partners
Inc. He will be overseeing construction operations of major wind farms around
the country. He will be relocating to Charlotte, N.C.

Huff is the son of Ron and Brenda Huff and the grandson of Anna Schnabel.

Mobilization

The following area soldiers arrived at Fort McCoy, Sparta, Wis., to complete
mobilization, predeployment training. The training is an Army Theater Immersion
mobilization training for units deploying overseas to forward operating bases in
support of Operations Iraqi Freedom and/or Enduring Freedom.

Army National Guard Staff Sgt. Chad Finck, a combat engineer squad leader, is
assigned to the 817th Engineer Combat Company. He has 17 years of military
service. He is the son of Richard Finck and Margie Thompson, both of Jamestown.
His wife, Leah, is the daughter of Terrance and Linda Gisvold, Dickinson. Finck
is a graduate of Jamestown High School.

Army National Guard Spc. Phillip Geiger, a combat engineer, is assigned to the
817th Combat Engineer Company, Jamestown. He has three years of military
service. He is the son of Darrell Geiger and Terri Letcher, both of Jamestown.
He is a graduate of Carrington High School.

Army National Guard Staff Sgt. Mark Olafson, a combat engineer, is assigned to
the 817th Combat Engineer Company, Jamestown. He has 15 years of military
service. He is the son of Don Olafson and Jan Olafson, both of Valley City. His
wife, Amanda, is the daughter of Larry Graf and LaVonne Graf, both of Mandan.
Olafson graduated from Valley City High School and received a bachelor's degree
from the University of North Dakota.

Army National Guard Spc. Matthew Tebelius, a combat engineer, is assigned to the
817th Combat Engineer Company. He has five years of military service. He is the
son of Brian and Kathleen Tebelius, Bowdon. His wife, Beth, is the daughter of
Jim and Kathleen Kohler, Mandan. Tebelius graduated from Fessenden High School
and received an associate degree from Bismarck State College.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                           September 18, 1992 Friday

LENGTH: 412 words


If you're a big smoker who can't give up, blame it on your parents Boston
MEDICAL researchers, who have known for years that genetics influences who
decides to smoke, have determined that the amount a person smokes and the ease
with which they are able to quit may also be inherited.

In a study of 4775 male twins who served in World War II, a team led by Dorit
Carmelli, of SRI International in Menlo Park, California, found that genetics
seems to play the strongest role in influencing the behaviour of pipe and cigar
smokers.

Heredity also has a role, although a much smaller one, in determining which
people are likely to refrain from smoking throughout their lives, they found.

There also may be important genetic differences between heavy, addicted smokers
and those who continue to smoke occasionally without suffering withdrawal
symptoms.

"Light and heavy smoking may be influenced by different genes," said Dr Neal
Benowitz, of the University of California in San Francisco, in an editorial on
the study published in the New England Journal of Medicine.

The researchers probed the smoking behaviour in identical and non-identical
twins because it helps scientists gauge the influence of heredity and the
environment in determining a wide variety of traits.

Identical twins come from the same fertilised egg and non-identical twins come
from two eggs.

The Carmelli team said that knowing the degree to which heredity influences the
decision to smoke and the ability to quit may help scientists design better
stop-smoking techniques and aid campaigns to discourage teenagers from smoking.

The study shows "there are moderate genetic influences on the initiation and
maintenance of cigarette smoking, on the level of dependence, and on the ability
[or inability] of a smoker to quit smoking," said Dr Benowitz.

"The basis of these genetic influences has not been determined." The
implications remain "more theoretical than practical [because] we already know
that a family history of smoking increases the risk that a child will become a
smoker," he said.

Dr Benowitz warned that the genetics of smoking may be different in women, and
that the study only looked at men who began smoking during World War II, "when
smoking was a highly acceptable form of behaviour, especially among soldiers."
Because smoking is now regarded in many circles as an unsavoury addiction, the
balance between heredity and environment may be different today.

Reuter

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. 2-5 NEWS Blotter::1

LENGTH: 597 words


bkm

Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department:

Randi L. Phelps

, 25, of 909 Seymour Ave. for misdemeanor possession of a powdery substance,
being a pedestrian under the influence and being under the influence of a
controlled substance at 3:15 a.m. Wednesday in the 900 block of Interstate 180.

Adrienne B. Berman

, 39, of 1020 W. 28th St. for public intoxication at 12:45 a.m. Wednesday in the
1700 block of Fremont Avenue.

Paul T. Wiencek

, 50, of 4005 Fire Walker Trail for driving under the influence of alcohol (DUI)
and driving without a rear license plate light at 12:05 a.m. Wednesday at East
Pershing Boulevard and U.S. Highway 30.

Kimberly D. Brewer

, 34, transient, for delivery of a controlled substance within 500 feet of a
school at 3:30 p.m. Tuesday at East Fourth Street and Russell Avenue.

Wacey B. Vorn

, 28, of 3101 Snyder Ave. for DUI, driving under suspension and driving without
a required interlock device at 12:41 a.m. Tuesday in the 3100 block of Snyder
Avenue.

Zachary I. Crank

, 26, of 9711 Kentucky St. for public intoxication and having an open intoxicant
at 9:56 p.m. Monday at West Lincolnway and Snyder Avenue.

Patrick D. Little

, 33, transient, for public intoxication and having an open intoxicant at 8:49
p.m. Monday in the 2300 block of East Lincolnway.

Ekasah M. Sutton

, 27, transient, for public intoxication and unlawful entry unto property at
7:20 p.m. Monday in the 300 block of West 17th Street.

Jose V. Llames

, 36, of Phoenix, Arizona, for DUI, driving with an inoperable license plate
light, speeding, interfering, refusing to obey, giving a false identity,
fleeing/eluding, driving without proof of liability insurance, failure to stop
at a stop sign and malicious mischief at 12:15 a.m. Monday at West Second and
Bent avenues.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department:

Robert M. Larson

, 31, of 445 McCone Ave. on a warrant for failure to comply at 8:34 p.m. Tuesday
at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Tabetha I. Kolkman

, 29, of 4572 Teal Lane, Burns, on a warrant for probation violation at 4:46
p.m. Tuesday in the 200 block of West 18th Street.

Boyd A. Buderus

, 50, of 2113 Thomes Ave. #409 on a warrant for failure to pay child support at
4:05 p.m. Tuesday at his residence.

Nathan S. Murtie

, 21, of Broomfield, Colorado, on a warrant for probation violation at 1 p.m.
Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Anthony J. Estrada

, 22, of 810 Morningside Drive on a warrant for theft less than $1,000 at 12:11
p.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Jarred L. Pacheco

, 30, transient, on a Carbon County, Utah, warrant for resisting an officer at
10 p.m. Monday at the Laramie County jail.

Jerod A. Farella

, 33, of Newcastle on a warrant for failure to comply at 3:45 p.m. Monday at the
Laramie County Governmental Complex, 309 W. 20th St.

Jaime A. Swainson

, 19, of 369 Chalmette Court on a warrant for failure to comply at 1:28 p.m.
Monday in the 2200 block of Capitol Avenue.

Shawn W. Arradondo

, 27, transient, for failure to register as a sex offender at 11:05 a.m. Monday
at the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the F.E. Warren Air Force Base Police Department:

Jason M. Barrett

, 26, of Fort Collins, Colorado, on two warrants out of Campbell and Crook
counties at 10:30 a.m. Tuesday on the base.

Police blotter

is a list of recent arrests compiled from public records in Laramie County. All
people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone listed who has a
charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or mail a court
document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway, Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. 2-5 NEWS Blotter::1

LENGTH: 597 words


bkm

Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department:

Randi L. Phelps

, 25, of 909 Seymour Ave. for misdemeanor possession of a powdery substance,
being a pedestrian under the influence and being under the influence of a
controlled substance at 3:15 a.m. Wednesday in the 900 block of Interstate 180.

Adrienne B. Berman

, 39, of 1020 W. 28th St. for public intoxication at 12:45 a.m. Wednesday in the
1700 block of Fremont Avenue.

Paul T. Wiencek

, 50, of 4005 Fire Walker Trail for driving under the influence of alcohol (DUI)
and driving without a rear license plate light at 12:05 a.m. Wednesday at East
Pershing Boulevard and U.S. Highway 30.

Kimberly D. Brewer

, 34, transient, for delivery of a controlled substance within 500 feet of a
school at 3:30 p.m. Tuesday at East Fourth Street and Russell Avenue.

Wacey B. Vorn

, 28, of 3101 Snyder Ave. for DUI, driving under suspension and driving without
a required interlock device at 12:41 a.m. Tuesday in the 3100 block of Snyder
Avenue.

Zachary I. Crank

, 26, of 9711 Kentucky St. for public intoxication and having an open intoxicant
at 9:56 p.m. Monday at West Lincolnway and Snyder Avenue.

Patrick D. Little

, 33, transient, for public intoxication and having an open intoxicant at 8:49
p.m. Monday in the 2300 block of East Lincolnway.

Ekasah M. Sutton

, 27, transient, for public intoxication and unlawful entry unto property at
7:20 p.m. Monday in the 300 block of West 17th Street.

Jose V. Llames

, 36, of Phoenix, Arizona, for DUI, driving with an inoperable license plate
light, speeding, interfering, refusing to obey, giving a false identity,
fleeing/eluding, driving without proof of liability insurance, failure to stop
at a stop sign and malicious mischief at 12:15 a.m. Monday at West Second and
Bent avenues.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department:

Robert M. Larson

, 31, of 445 McCone Ave. on a warrant for failure to comply at 8:34 p.m. Tuesday
at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Tabetha I. Kolkman

, 29, of 4572 Teal Lane, Burns, on a warrant for probation violation at 4:46
p.m. Tuesday in the 200 block of West 18th Street.

Boyd A. Buderus

, 50, of 2113 Thomes Ave. #409 on a warrant for failure to pay child support at
4:05 p.m. Tuesday at his residence.

Nathan S. Murtie

, 21, of Broomfield, Colorado, on a warrant for probation violation at 1 p.m.
Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Anthony J. Estrada

, 22, of 810 Morningside Drive on a warrant for theft less than $1,000 at 12:11
p.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Jarred L. Pacheco

, 30, transient, on a Carbon County, Utah, warrant for resisting an officer at
10 p.m. Monday at the Laramie County jail.

Jerod A. Farella

, 33, of Newcastle on a warrant for failure to comply at 3:45 p.m. Monday at the
Laramie County Governmental Complex, 309 W. 20th St.

Jaime A. Swainson

, 19, of 369 Chalmette Court on a warrant for failure to comply at 1:28 p.m.
Monday in the 2200 block of Capitol Avenue.

Shawn W. Arradondo

, 27, transient, for failure to register as a sex offender at 11:05 a.m. Monday
at the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the F.E. Warren Air Force Base Police Department:

Jason M. Barrett

, 26, of Fort Collins, Colorado, on two warrants out of Campbell and Crook
counties at 10:30 a.m. Tuesday on the base.

Police blotter

is a list of recent arrests compiled from public records in Laramie County. All
people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone listed who has a
charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or mail a court
document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway, Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 08/23/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Paul Russell Smith II, Davidsonville, Md.; driving under the influence, reckless
driving, failure to carry license, accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property, accident damage to unattended vehicle or property,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Mark Antonio Jamerson, Baltimore, Md.; make repairs/sell/etc. offensive weapons;
waived to court.

Nicholas Tyson Winters, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, exceed
maximum speed limit established by 13 mph; held for court.

William Henry Evans, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, disregard traffic lane, marijuana-small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Tamara Ann Yeager, Gettysburg; access device issued to another who did not
authorize use, receiving stolen property, theft of property lost etc. by
mistake; waived to court.A dam P. Gessner, York Haven; driving under the
influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Andy Russell Rhoads, Manchester; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Kirsty Annette Leroy, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ray Alexander Rodgers, Marysville; simple assault, harassment; pleaded guilty.

Michelle E. Seagraves, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for
court.

Jordan Foster Tranter, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David Alexander Jordahl, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Derek Ross Ginter, Enola; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles; waived to court.

Jamsey Omar Serrano-Bonilla, Camp Hill; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Barbara Jean Grove, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Jonathan Plummer-Guerrero, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Alisha M. Klinger, Dillsburg; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered, theft by unlawful taking-movable property, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Larry James Ellis Jr., Harrisburg; driving under the influence, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Nathan Kristopher Seitz, Dover; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
moved to non-traffic.

Michael A. Matusheski, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense; moved to non-traffic.

Megan Regina Storm, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
receiving stolen property, unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles, conspire
theft by unlawful taking-movable property; sent to Common Pleas.

Peter A. Rosetti, Philadelphia; bad checks; held for court.

Jeffrey Allen Bankes, Marysville; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Evan Charles Pickett, Etters; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Andrew W. Jones, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; pleaded
guilty.

Richard Eugene Toomey, York Haven; driving under the influence, obedience to
traffic control devices; waived to court.

Todd Allan Nell, Hanover; driving under the influence, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, following too closely; waived to court.

Patrick Lewis Carney, York Haven; driving under the influence, careless driving,
possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Ryan M. Magill, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Toby Lee Bistline, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving unregistered
vehicle, careless driving, disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Shelley Marie Pettit, Newville; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane, exceed maximum speed limit; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Crime Watch for 08/23/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Paul Russell Smith II, Davidsonville, Md.; driving under the influence, reckless
driving, failure to carry license, accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property, accident damage to unattended vehicle or property,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Mark Antonio Jamerson, Baltimore, Md.; make repairs/sell/etc. offensive weapons;
waived to court.

Nicholas Tyson Winters, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, exceed
maximum speed limit established by 13 mph; held for court.

William Henry Evans, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, disregard traffic lane, marijuana-small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Tamara Ann Yeager, Gettysburg; access device issued to another who did not
authorize use, receiving stolen property, theft of property lost etc. by
mistake; waived to court.A dam P. Gessner, York Haven; driving under the
influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Andy Russell Rhoads, Manchester; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Kirsty Annette Leroy, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ray Alexander Rodgers, Marysville; simple assault, harassment; pleaded guilty.

Michelle E. Seagraves, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for
court.

Jordan Foster Tranter, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David Alexander Jordahl, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Derek Ross Ginter, Enola; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles; waived to court.

Jamsey Omar Serrano-Bonilla, Camp Hill; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Barbara Jean Grove, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Jonathan Plummer-Guerrero, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Alisha M. Klinger, Dillsburg; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered, theft by unlawful taking-movable property, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Larry James Ellis Jr., Harrisburg; driving under the influence, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Nathan Kristopher Seitz, Dover; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
moved to non-traffic.

Michael A. Matusheski, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense; moved to non-traffic.

Megan Regina Storm, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
receiving stolen property, unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles, conspire
theft by unlawful taking-movable property; sent to Common Pleas.

Peter A. Rosetti, Philadelphia; bad checks; held for court.

Jeffrey Allen Bankes, Marysville; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Evan Charles Pickett, Etters; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Andrew W. Jones, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; pleaded
guilty.

Richard Eugene Toomey, York Haven; driving under the influence, obedience to
traffic control devices; waived to court.

Todd Allan Nell, Hanover; driving under the influence, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, following too closely; waived to court.

Patrick Lewis Carney, York Haven; driving under the influence, careless driving,
possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Ryan M. Magill, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Toby Lee Bistline, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving unregistered
vehicle, careless driving, disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Shelley Marie Pettit, Newville; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane, exceed maximum speed limit; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Crime Watch for 08/23/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Paul Russell Smith II, Davidsonville, Md.; driving under the influence, reckless
driving, failure to carry license, accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property, accident damage to unattended vehicle or property,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Mark Antonio Jamerson, Baltimore, Md.; make repairs/sell/etc. offensive weapons;
waived to court.

Nicholas Tyson Winters, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, exceed
maximum speed limit established by 13 mph; held for court.

William Henry Evans, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, disregard traffic lane, marijuana-small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Tamara Ann Yeager, Gettysburg; access device issued to another who did not
authorize use, receiving stolen property, theft of property lost etc. by
mistake; waived to court.A dam P. Gessner, York Haven; driving under the
influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Andy Russell Rhoads, Manchester; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Kirsty Annette Leroy, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ray Alexander Rodgers, Marysville; simple assault, harassment; pleaded guilty.

Michelle E. Seagraves, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for
court.

Jordan Foster Tranter, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David Alexander Jordahl, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Derek Ross Ginter, Enola; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles; waived to court.

Jamsey Omar Serrano-Bonilla, Camp Hill; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Barbara Jean Grove, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Jonathan Plummer-Guerrero, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Alisha M. Klinger, Dillsburg; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered, theft by unlawful taking-movable property, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Larry James Ellis Jr., Harrisburg; driving under the influence, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Nathan Kristopher Seitz, Dover; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
moved to non-traffic.

Michael A. Matusheski, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense; moved to non-traffic.

Megan Regina Storm, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
receiving stolen property, unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles, conspire
theft by unlawful taking-movable property; sent to Common Pleas.

Peter A. Rosetti, Philadelphia; bad checks; held for court.

Jeffrey Allen Bankes, Marysville; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Evan Charles Pickett, Etters; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Andrew W. Jones, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; pleaded
guilty.

Richard Eugene Toomey, York Haven; driving under the influence, obedience to
traffic control devices; waived to court.

Todd Allan Nell, Hanover; driving under the influence, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, following too closely; waived to court.

Patrick Lewis Carney, York Haven; driving under the influence, careless driving,
possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Ryan M. Magill, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Toby Lee Bistline, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving unregistered
vehicle, careless driving, disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Shelley Marie Pettit, Newville; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane, exceed maximum speed limit; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Crime Watch for 08/23/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Paul Russell Smith II, Davidsonville, Md.; driving under the influence, reckless
driving, failure to carry license, accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property, accident damage to unattended vehicle or property,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Mark Antonio Jamerson, Baltimore, Md.; make repairs/sell/etc. offensive weapons;
waived to court.

Nicholas Tyson Winters, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, exceed
maximum speed limit established by 13 mph; held for court.

William Henry Evans, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, disregard traffic lane, marijuana-small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Tamara Ann Yeager, Gettysburg; access device issued to another who did not
authorize use, receiving stolen property, theft of property lost etc. by
mistake; waived to court.A dam P. Gessner, York Haven; driving under the
influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Andy Russell Rhoads, Manchester; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Kirsty Annette Leroy, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ray Alexander Rodgers, Marysville; simple assault, harassment; pleaded guilty.

Michelle E. Seagraves, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for
court.

Jordan Foster Tranter, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David Alexander Jordahl, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Derek Ross Ginter, Enola; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles; waived to court.

Jamsey Omar Serrano-Bonilla, Camp Hill; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Barbara Jean Grove, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Jonathan Plummer-Guerrero, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Alisha M. Klinger, Dillsburg; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered, theft by unlawful taking-movable property, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Larry James Ellis Jr., Harrisburg; driving under the influence, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Nathan Kristopher Seitz, Dover; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
moved to non-traffic.

Michael A. Matusheski, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense; moved to non-traffic.

Megan Regina Storm, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
receiving stolen property, unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles, conspire
theft by unlawful taking-movable property; sent to Common Pleas.

Peter A. Rosetti, Philadelphia; bad checks; held for court.

Jeffrey Allen Bankes, Marysville; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Evan Charles Pickett, Etters; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Andrew W. Jones, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; pleaded
guilty.

Richard Eugene Toomey, York Haven; driving under the influence, obedience to
traffic control devices; waived to court.

Todd Allan Nell, Hanover; driving under the influence, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, following too closely; waived to court.

Patrick Lewis Carney, York Haven; driving under the influence, careless driving,
possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Ryan M. Magill, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Toby Lee Bistline, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving unregistered
vehicle, careless driving, disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Shelley Marie Pettit, Newville; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane, exceed maximum speed limit; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Crime Watch for 08/23/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Paul Russell Smith II, Davidsonville, Md.; driving under the influence, reckless
driving, failure to carry license, accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property, accident damage to unattended vehicle or property,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Mark Antonio Jamerson, Baltimore, Md.; make repairs/sell/etc. offensive weapons;
waived to court.

Nicholas Tyson Winters, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, exceed
maximum speed limit established by 13 mph; held for court.

William Henry Evans, New Cumberland; driving under the influence, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, disregard traffic lane, marijuana-small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Tamara Ann Yeager, Gettysburg; access device issued to another who did not
authorize use, receiving stolen property, theft of property lost etc. by
mistake; waived to court.A dam P. Gessner, York Haven; driving under the
influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Andy Russell Rhoads, Manchester; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Kirsty Annette Leroy, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ray Alexander Rodgers, Marysville; simple assault, harassment; pleaded guilty.

Michelle E. Seagraves, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for
court.

Jordan Foster Tranter, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

David Alexander Jordahl, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Derek Ross Ginter, Enola; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles; waived to court.

Jamsey Omar Serrano-Bonilla, Camp Hill; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Barbara Jean Grove, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Jonathan Plummer-Guerrero, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Alisha M. Klinger, Dillsburg; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered, theft by unlawful taking-movable property, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Larry James Ellis Jr., Harrisburg; driving under the influence, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Nathan Kristopher Seitz, Dover; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
moved to non-traffic.

Michael A. Matusheski, New Cumberland; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense; moved to non-traffic.

Megan Regina Storm, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
receiving stolen property, unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles, conspire
theft by unlawful taking-movable property; sent to Common Pleas.

Peter A. Rosetti, Philadelphia; bad checks; held for court.

Jeffrey Allen Bankes, Marysville; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Evan Charles Pickett, Etters; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Andrew W. Jones, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; pleaded
guilty.

Richard Eugene Toomey, York Haven; driving under the influence, obedience to
traffic control devices; waived to court.

Todd Allan Nell, Hanover; driving under the influence, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, following too closely; waived to court.

Patrick Lewis Carney, York Haven; driving under the influence, careless driving,
possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Ryan M. Magill, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Toby Lee Bistline, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving unregistered
vehicle, careless driving, disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Shelley Marie Pettit, Newville; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane, exceed maximum speed limit; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 3, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 7/3/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 912 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Brittney N. Firestone; driving under the influence, give false information, not
yield at roadway; waived to court.

Zachary Robert Wil liams, Lewisberry; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense; pleaded guilty.

Jeffrey Alan Marks, Alburtis; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Joseph Michael Nesbit, Etters; driving under the influence, unauthorized use of
motor/other vehicles; waived to court.

Joseph Michael Nesbit, Etters; possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Joseph Michael Nesbit, Etters; theft by unlawful taking-movable property,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Kyle Matthew Stapp, York Haven; simple assault, harassment, endangering the
welfare of a child; held for court.

Adrian Cunningham, Harrisburg; false report-falsely incriminate another, false
identification to law enforcement; waived to court.

Aaron Thomas Smith III; driving under the influence, driving license suspended
or revoked pursuant to sec. 3731/380; waived to court.

Brian Thomas Don aldson, Etters; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane (single), careless driving; held for court.

Margaret J. Heck, New Cumberland; defiant trespass-actual communication to,
disorderly conduct, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Nicholas C. Walters, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Kenneth George Ober son, New Cumberland; intent to possess controlled substance
by person not registered; waived to court.

Maria Del Carmen Moij ca-Ayala, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
turning movements, required signals, driving without a license, disorderly
conduct; held for court.

Mark Andrew Pascale, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Charles Francis Bru baker, Etters; driving under the influence, restrictions on
alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Christopher Benjamin Hoon, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Michael Joseph Sharon; receiving stolen property, driving while operator's
privilege suspended or revoked, driving unregistered vehicle; held for court.

Christine M. Myers, Dover; driving under the influence; held for court.

Darius David Pribulsky, Etters; criminal mischief-damage property; waived to
court.

Lena T. Fortini, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Kimberly Antoinette Gallon; false identification to law enforcement; waived to
court.

Michael E. Hemperly Jr., Lewisberry; driving under the influence, driving
unregistered vehicle, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Brandon Michael Bort ner, York Haven; simple assault, harassment, simple
assault; held for court.

Wayne Eugene Enfield, Felton; driving under the influence, failure to notify
police department of accident, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Justin J. Miller, Etters; driving under the influence, speeding; waived to
court.

Edgar J. Brooks, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Carmen M. Diaz, Manchester; driving under the influence; held for court.

Jodi M. Kemper, Manchester; driving under the influence, violate hazard
regulation; held for court.

Tyler Ryan Lehr; criminal mischief, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Lynn Ann Johnston; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jo Lynn Yurkovitz, New Cumberland; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Joshua Arien Anderson; corruption of minors, sell/furnish liquor, etc. minor;
waived to court.

Tiffani Custer, Etters; other reason access device unauthorized, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Raymond Paul Lantz Jr., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Michael L. Speck, Marysville; driving under the influence, marijuana-small
amount for personal use; waived to court.

Anthony Joseph Corsa; conspire burglary, theft by unlawful taking-movable
property; waived to court.

Wesley Allen Schilling, Dover; conspire burglary, burglary, theft by unlawful
taking-movable property; waived to court.

Debra S. Fleisher, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, turning movements
and required signals, driving license suspended or revoked pursuant to sec.
3731; waived to court.

Michael L. Lowry, New Cumberland; terroristic threats with intent to terrorize,
simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

Leroy Earl Hoffman; failure to comply with regulation requirements, register;
waived to court.

David V. Perc, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence, failure to stop at
red signal; driving under the influence-held for court, failure to stop at red
signal-waived to court.

John Patrick Walsh, Harrisburg; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Gregory Leonard Freid hof, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving with
BAC .02 or greater, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Ross M. Baer, Etters; driving under the influence, not using low beam; waived to
court.

Patrick A. Ashman Jr., East Berlin; theft by deception-false impression,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

William Patrick Landers, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Darnell James Foster, Enola; use/possession of drug paraphernalia, duties at
stop sign; held for court.

Leroy Richard Dupert, Etters; driving under the influence, no rear lights;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Savannah Morning News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Ports influence reaches beyond its footprint

BYLINE: Mary Carr Mayle, Savannah Morning News, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1092 words


Sept. 27--Georgia Ports' executive Curtis Foltz likes to remind people that the
ports' reach and influence extends far beyond Savannah. A perfect example is
Tractor Supply, which on Monday held a ribbon cutting for a new Macon
distribution center serving the entire Southeast that will more than double the
company's volume through the Port of Savannah.

Jeremy Cox, international transportation manager at Tractor Supply, said the
company anticipates moving 7,000 twenty-foot equivalent container units -- known
as TEUs -- a year through the Port of Savannah to serve the new Macon location.
That's up from an average of 3,000 TEUs moved through our ports annually to
serve the old center in Braselton in northeast Georgia.

Tractor Supply President and CEO Gregory Sandfort said location was key in
choosing Macon.

"Considering where our stores are located, Macon made more sense. It's also
closer to the Port of Savannah," Sandfort said.

Sandfort said while the physical footprint is smaller than at the Braselton
site, the new center will hold more stock through greater building height.

"Its capacity is larger, and it's closer to the interstate, close to the port,
and it has expansion capabilities here that we didn't have in Braselton."

Because the new center is closer to the port, the company will be able to reduce
the expense of transporting goods, especially those from Asia. The wide
availability of sailings across their ocean carrier network through Savannah was
also important, company officials said.

The Port of Savannah features 37 weekly vessel calls, reaching destinations
worldwide.

As the company realigns its distribution network, the new distribution center
will add another 25 stores to the 183 initially in its service region, including
some existing retail outlets, said Bob Churchill, Tractor Supply's vice
president for distribution.

The Macon operation also will provide some products to other distribution
centers in Kentucky, Indiana and Maryland.

WRRDA demystified

From the vice president to the governor, there has been a lot of conversation in
Savannah the last few weeks about the Water Resources Reform and Development Act
of 2013, primarily because its impending passage will clear the last hurdle to
deepening the Savannah River.

Included in the act is an amended budget for the Savannah Harbor Expansion
Project, whose costs have increased significantly since Congress originally
approved it in 1999. Once WRRDA becomes law -- hopefully late this year -- and
an already drawn up project partnership agreement between state and federal
entities is signed, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will be ready to begin
construction.

The bill, which came out of the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee last week, is scheduled for a floor vote in the U.S. House the week of
Oct. 7.

Congressman Bill Shuster, a Pennsylvania Republican and chair of the Committee,
was in Savannah this week with U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston of Savannah to talk about
the importance of the bill, both to Georgia and the nation as a whole.

Shuster's office also has posted a whiteboard video, available at
Savannahnow.com, offering the best explanation I've seen of what WRRDA is and
how it works.

Fast facts

Page Siplon, director of the Georgia Centers of Innovation, offers those
encouraging tidbits in his September Logistics Snapshot:

--Import shipment volumes at U.S. ports totaled 1.61 million TEUs in August, the
second highest monthly volume since July 2007 (Source: Zepol Corporation)

--In the year ending June 30th, the Georgia Ports Authority moved a
record-setting 27.2 million tons of cargo across all terminals, a 2.4 percent
increase over FY2012.

It was the GPA's second-busiest year for container throughput, with more than
2.94 million TEUs moved. Of that total, a record number 314,623 containers were
moved by rail. (Source: GPA)

--For the second year in a row, the GPA achieved a record total for auto and
machinery units at the Port of Brunswick, moving 636,942 units for an
11.7-percent improvement in FY2013. Bulk cargo hit 2.5 million tons, up 61.8
percent. (Source: GPA)

--Merchandise being exported from Georgia grew 4 percent in the first half of
2013, reaching a record $18.5 billion. Key merchandise export categories include
transportation equipment, machinery, chemicals, paper and food. (Source:
International Trade Administration)

To sign-up to receive these free monthly snapshots, go to
www.GeorgiaLogistics.com.

Ocean innovation

Ocean Exchange co-founder and CEO Cort Atkinson reminds us that 13 finalists
from around the world will arrive in Savannah on Saturday as they prepare to
share their innovative solutions with more than 100 delegates from leading
business, government and nonprofits groups from across the globe.

"These delegates are coming to Savannah to learn about the top 'Solutions
Inspiring Action' and begin to identify how they can help to accelerate global
awareness and adoption of these solutions to improve environment, economies and
health."

For more information, go to http://www.oceanexchange.org.

Senior business reporter Mary Carr Mayle covers the ports for the Savannah
Morning News. She can be reached at 912-652-0324 or at
mary.mayle@savannahnow.com

SHIPPING SCHEDULE

These are the ships expected to call on Georgia Ports Authority's Garden City
and Ocean Terminals in the next week. Sailing schedules are provided by Georgia
Ports Authority and are subject to change.

Terminal Ship name Arrival

GCT MUSTAFA DAYI Today

GCT MSC CAROLE Today

GCT GENOA EXPRESS Today

GCT NYK RUMINA Today

GCT MAERSK DRUMMOND Today

GCT CSCL BRISBANE Today

OT GRANDE SIERRA LEONE Today

GCT EVER DIVINE Saturday

GCT MOL COSMOS Saturday

GCT CMA CGM AMBER Saturday

GCT CMA CGM EIFFEL Saturday

GCT VENICE BRIDGE Saturday

GCT ST LOUIS EXPRESS Saturday

OT PARSIFAL Saturday

OT STAR FUJI Saturday

GCT MSC SEATTLE Sunday

GCT ARNOLD MAERSK Sunday

GCT DALLAS EXPRESS Sunday

OT TONSBERG Sunday

GCT HYUNDAI DYNASTY Monday

GCT UASC SITRAH Monday

GCT MAERSK DENVER Monday

GCT OAKLAND EXPRESS Monday

GCT NYK ROMULUS Monday

GCT HANJIN CHITTAGONG Monday

GCT ZIM QINGDAO Tuesday

GCT MOL EXPEDITOR Tuesday

GCT YM MOBILITY Tuesday

GCT NYK DENEB Tuesday

GCT BERLIN EXPRESS Tuesday

GCT STADT LUNEBURG Wednesday

GCT ZIM MEDITERRANEAN Thursday

GCT SAFMARINE BANDAMA Thursday

GCT MAERSK CAROLINA Thursday

GCT MSC RITA Thursday

GCT CSAV LLANQUIHUE Thursday

GCT ISLANDIA Thursday

GCT AMOLIANI Thursday

GCT HANJIN MONACO Thursday

___ (c)2013 the Savannah Morning News (Savannah, Ga.) Visit the Savannah Morning
News (Savannah, Ga.) at savannahnow.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130927-SV-Ports-influence-reaches-beyond-its-footprint-0927-20130927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SV


                      Copyright 2013 Savannah Morning News


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                               May 8, 2011 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. 009

LENGTH: 245 words


Forestina Lynn, 55, of the 2100 block of Will Haven Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 30, 2011, and was fined $810.

Fredy Rosas Rangel, 30, of the 200 block of New Petersburg Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 1, 2011, and was sentenced
to 97 days in jail.

Wanda Elaine Garrison, 46, of the 4000 block of Sweetbriar Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on March 10, 2011, and was fined
$810.

Ryan Thomas Alford, 22, of the 200 block of Ashton Woods Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 4, 2011, and was fined $810.

John Allen Gravelle, 67, of the 1000 block of Blackfoot Drive in Lincolnton, was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 1, 2000, and was fined $810.

Clark Davis Rabun, 48, of the 300 block of Broad Street in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on March 7, 2011, and was fined $1,249 and was
sentenced to three days in jail.

Evelyn Mae Harris, 56, of the 200 block of Palmetto Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 5, 2011, and was fined
$810.Mary L. Rutti to Emily A. Powell, 4583 Oxford Drive, $170,000.

T&F LLC to RT Bailey Construction Inc., 314 Amersham Way, $36,500.

JR Homes of Alabama LLC to Yumeka S. Mincey, 1385 Highwoods Pass, $244,000.

JR Homes of Alabama LLC to Joseph Ray Tanksley and Vienary Decario Tanksley,
5016 Canterbury Farms Parkway, $295,952.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 692 words


NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Robert Burton

Robert E. Dutra Jr., 53, Osburn; invalid driver's license; 10 days in jail, 180
days driver's license suspension, 30 days unscheduled jail time.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Levi W. McLees, 28, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jason R. Ulstad, 38, Post Falls; reckless driving; $1,000 fine ($250 suspended),
180 days in jail (178 days suspended), two years probation.

Sheehan K. Greis, 30, Newport, Wash.; inattentive driving; $300 fine, $450
reimbursement for prosecution, 90 days in jail (70 days suspended) or 80 hours
county work program, two years probation.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Nita D. Sturgis, 45, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense); $1,500 fine, one year in jail (340 days suspended, 25 days credited),
one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Lesli A. McNabb, 57, Coeur d'Alene; felony driving under the influence; two
years determinate penitentiary time, eight years indeterminate penitentiary
time, $300 reimbursement for prosecution, $100 restitution to state lab.

Judge Clark Peterson

Carolyn A. Berg, 28, Ewa Beach, Hawaii; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
90 days in jail (88 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension.

Cassandra D. Carney, 37, Athol; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $500 fine, 90 days in jail (suspended), two years probation.

Francisco J.M. Vazquez, 38, Plummer; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Elisha J. Newman, 30, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense); $1,000 fine, one year in jail (232 days suspended, 133 days credited),
one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Ryan W. Caudill, 18, Hayden; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine ($750
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Steven D. Briggs, 19, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (under age 21);
$1,000 fine ($500 suspended), one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge James Stow

Cindy C. Pennington, 49, Hayden; reckless driving; $750 fine, 180 days in jail
(171 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, two years probation.

Donna M. Morgan, 52, Spokane; inattentive driving; $300 fine, 90 days in jail
(84 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Civil complaints

Ronald Vergona v. Joseph Burrington and Kimberly Gonzales, seeking $2,006.

Runge Finance v. Woodrow Horton, seeking $4,924.

Civil judgments

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Melton Homes Inc., plaintiff awarded $3,261.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Richard Bynum, plaintiff awarded $1,207.

Capital One Bank v. Joyce Queen, plaintiff awarded $11,035.

Household Bank v. Christoph MacDonald, plaintiff awarded $1,220.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Robertann Smiley, plaintiff awarded $1,123.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Sheri Rardon and Martin Rardon, plaintiff awarded
$1,169.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Sheila Margason, plaintiff awarded $3,562.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. John Gilbertson, plaintiff awarded $12,165.

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. v. Rebecca Doyle, plaintiff awarded
$7,558.

JP Development Inc., dba Acctcorp International v. Pamela Jeppesen, plaintiff
awarded $5,277.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Richard and Kristine Fogel, plaintiff awarded
$3,199.

Capital One Bank v. Lynne Fitch, plaintiff awarded $6,718.

Owens Corning Sales LLC v. Gregory Brett and Janet Brett, plaintiff awarded
$147,885.

Petition for name change

Aurea Rebecca Dominguez, petition for change to Aurea Rebecca Dominguez Fisher.

Order for change of name

Tyler James Dust, order for change to Tyler James Peterson.

Divorces granted

Michael A. Jaennette from Gretchen C. Jaennette.

Jaime Harken from Tristan Harken.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                          December 21, 2005 Wednesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 555 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
 DISPOSITIONS
 Stephen L. Keller, Fishing Creek Road, Lewisberry; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Emmanuel Doran, 18th St., Harrisburg; marijuana, small amount; held for court.

John L. Baer, Clover St., Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Rhonda L. Harris, York Haven Road, York Haven; theft by unlawful taking;
declared fugitive.

Leroy H. Hoff, Conewago Ave., Manchester; driving under the influence; declared
fugitive.

Judy M. Servis, Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland; endangering the welfare of
children; waived to court.

Zachary A. Little, Umberto Ave., New Cumberland; possession of controlled
substance; waived to court.

Mitchell C. Frye, Salem Road, Etters; corruption of minors; held for court.

Christina L. Nieves, Salem Road, Etters; corruption of minors; held for court.

Brian Greiman, Pennsylvania Ave.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Robert E. Hake, Lewis St., Lewisberry; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Randy E. Rife, Church Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Edward Smith Jr., Second Ave., Manchester; simple assault; waived to court.

Sean M. Gardner, Brisban St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Chad E. Layton, no fixed address; possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Helen L. Stickle, Garriston Road, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Howard K. Roher, Bridge St., New Cumberland; burglary; waived to court.

Thomas G. Modzel II, Hamilton Ave.; statutory sexual assault; waived to court.

Tina L. Wilkinson, Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held
for court.

George H. Eutzy, Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Richard E. Cramer, Killinger Road, Etters; burglary; waived to court.

Jason C. Garber, Turnpike Road, Elizabethtown; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Victor Rivera, Maple St., Mount Wolf; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Amber Zuna-Armand, Sharon Drive, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Jaime A. Maxwell, Meadowbrook Court, New Cumberland; hinder harbor or conceal;
waived to court.

Garrison H. Kipp, Copenhaffer Road, Dover; marijuana, small amount; waived to
court.

Veronica McGuire, Deer Run Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Robert J. Dixon, Smith Road, Manesburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Stewart E. Moody Jr., Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Paul Losh, Arch St., Alliance, Ohio; accident involving death; waived to court.

Justin Gallo, Whitmer Road, Shippensburg; bad checks; waived to court.

April Houseman, Hummel Ave., Lemoyne; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Larry J. Stum Jr., Sheep Bridge Road, York Haven; simple assault; held for
court.

Glenn L. Null Jr., York Haven Road, Manchester; conspiracy theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                          December 21, 2005 Wednesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 555 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
 DISPOSITIONS
 Stephen L. Keller, Fishing Creek Road, Lewisberry; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Emmanuel Doran, 18th St., Harrisburg; marijuana, small amount; held for court.

John L. Baer, Clover St., Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Rhonda L. Harris, York Haven Road, York Haven; theft by unlawful taking;
declared fugitive.

Leroy H. Hoff, Conewago Ave., Manchester; driving under the influence; declared
fugitive.

Judy M. Servis, Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland; endangering the welfare of
children; waived to court.

Zachary A. Little, Umberto Ave., New Cumberland; possession of controlled
substance; waived to court.

Mitchell C. Frye, Salem Road, Etters; corruption of minors; held for court.

Christina L. Nieves, Salem Road, Etters; corruption of minors; held for court.

Brian Greiman, Pennsylvania Ave.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Robert E. Hake, Lewis St., Lewisberry; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Randy E. Rife, Church Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Edward Smith Jr., Second Ave., Manchester; simple assault; waived to court.

Sean M. Gardner, Brisban St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Chad E. Layton, no fixed address; possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Helen L. Stickle, Garriston Road, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Howard K. Roher, Bridge St., New Cumberland; burglary; waived to court.

Thomas G. Modzel II, Hamilton Ave.; statutory sexual assault; waived to court.

Tina L. Wilkinson, Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held
for court.

George H. Eutzy, Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Richard E. Cramer, Killinger Road, Etters; burglary; waived to court.

Jason C. Garber, Turnpike Road, Elizabethtown; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Victor Rivera, Maple St., Mount Wolf; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Amber Zuna-Armand, Sharon Drive, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Jaime A. Maxwell, Meadowbrook Court, New Cumberland; hinder harbor or conceal;
waived to court.

Garrison H. Kipp, Copenhaffer Road, Dover; marijuana, small amount; waived to
court.

Veronica McGuire, Deer Run Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Robert J. Dixon, Smith Road, Manesburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Stewart E. Moody Jr., Old Quaker Road, Etters; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Paul Losh, Arch St., Alliance, Ohio; accident involving death; waived to court.

Justin Gallo, Whitmer Road, Shippensburg; bad checks; waived to court.

April Houseman, Hummel Ave., Lemoyne; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Larry J. Stum Jr., Sheep Bridge Road, York Haven; simple assault; held for
court.

Glenn L. Null Jr., York Haven Road, Manchester; conspiracy theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 9, 2012 Wednesday

Paper says Iran trying to sabotage Afghan-US strategic pact

LENGTH: 915 words


Text of article in Dari by Bezhan Farhan entitled: "Iranian regime's spy
networks and strategic cooperation pact", published by Afghan independent
secular daily newspaper Hasht-e Sobh on 6 May

The strategic partnership pact between Afghanistan and the USA, which was signed
by presidents of the two countries in Kabul last week, is going to be submitted
to parliament for approval. The document will take effect after the Afghan
parliament approves it.

The experience of the traditional Loya Jerga [grand assembly] and stances of
many MPs show that the strategic partnership agreement between Afghanistan and
the USA will be approved by parliament. However, a worrying point is that some
countries neighbouring on Afghanistan will most probably try to create obstacles
before the approval of the Afghan-US strategic partnership document through
their agents in parliament. There are some strong evidences which strengthen
these concerns.

One day after the strategic partnership document was signed between Afghanistan
and the USA, [Afghan] President [Hamed] Karzai said at a news conference that
intelligence efforts to challenge Afghanistan will increase. The Afghan
president has definitely spoken on such efforts based on some accurate and
confidential intelligence given to him by the intelligence officials of the
country. There is not doubt that the intelligence networks of the neighbouring
countries, such as Iran, have their agents among the MPs of the Afghan
parliament. This was disclosed by the Wikileak for the first time. The passive
reactions of parliament to some cases are also doubtful. Parliament has not
adopted a decisive stance in response to Iranian officials' unjustifiable
actions. Parliament did not react to [Iranian President Mahmud] Ahmadinezhad's
remarks in Dushanbe, the Afghan embassy's blockade in Tehran and the banning of
Afghans from visiting some areas in Iran. This issue strengthens the claim that
there are some pro-Iranian government elements in parliament. Most probably, the
Iranian intelligence will use this capacity to create commotion and an
atmosphere against the strategic partnership agreement between Afghanistan and
the USA in the country's parliament.

The Iranian regime has also experienced this in Iraq. The Iranian intelligence
networks in Iraq managed to challenge the long-term cooperation document between
the country and the USA in the Iraqi parliament. The Iranian regime has had
massive influence in Iraq after Saddam Hussayn. The regime has influence in the
Iraqi government and placed its influential elements among the political parties
and religious activists in the country. The influence is so much that Iran even
undermines some key decision-makings of many political parties and personalities
in Iraq. In fact, it is because of the Iranian regime's massive influence in
Iraq that political controversies emerged in the country about Iraq's relations
with the USA.

Although, Iran does not have as much influence in Afghanistan as it has in Iraq,
the intelligence networks of the country have recruited some ideological
elements in the Afghan parliament using their huge financial resources,
according to the Wikileak documents. The Iranian intelligence has also managed
to influence some Afghan politicians. In addition, the Iranian spying agencies
have penetrated some media networks in Afghanistan.

Some networks that support Iranian intelligence have also created certain
structures under different names in Afghanistan. These are all of the capacities
which the intelligence of the Iranian regime can use against the strategic
partnership document between Afghanistan and the USA.

In the run up to the traditional Loya Jerga, which had to discuss relations
between Afghanistan and the USA after 2014, the Iranian spy agencies used all
their facilities, elements and capacities to persuade the Loya Jerga to vote in
favour of the Iranian regime against the interests of Afghanistan. Many
gatherings were organized then and some structures were created under different
names to propagate against sustainable relations between the USA and
Afghanistan. The media outlets, which supported Iran, also put all their efforts
into propagating against Afghan-US relations. The Hasht-e Sobh newspaper had
written in one of its editorials that the Iranian intelligence buys decrees,
organizes gatherings and mobilizes the pro-Iranian politicians to infiltrate the
traditional Loya Jerga and harm the interests of Afghanistan by setting the
country against the USA. However, luckily, all the efforts made by the Iranian
spy agencies and by individuals and propagandistic channels that represent the
Iranian regime in Afghanistan failed, and the traditional Loya Jerga voted in
favour of sustainable relations between Afghanistan and the USA and called it a
guarantee of reinforcement of the country's security and economy. Most probably
the Iranian spy networks, in coordination with their elements in parliament and
other structures that work in Afghanistan on their behalf, will once again try
to confuse MPs in the National Assembly about the strategic partnership document
between Afghanistan and the USA and in this way, create obstacles before the
approval of the document. However, there is no doubt that these efforts of the
Iranian intelligence networks will fail again and the country's National
Assembly will pass the test with pride.

Source: Hasht-e Sobh, Kabul, Mazar-e Sharif, Konduz, Herat, Kandahar, Jalalabad
in Dari 6 May 12

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 8, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Warily, Baseball Prepares to Make Murdoch Owner of the Dodgers

BYLINE: By RICHARD SANDOMIR

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 2148 words


On Feb. 5, on the Fox studio lot in Los Angeles, three baseball executives,
including the sport's acting commissioner, Bud Selig, conducted one of the more
critical interviews the game had ever undertaken. The topic was the proposed
$320 million sale of the Dodgers, one of the game's fabled franchises, to the
buyer seated across the lunch table: Rupert Murdoch.

Baseball's wariness about Mr. Murdoch was deep. The prospective owner, Mr.
Murdoch's Fox Group, has extraordinarily deep pockets, and the baseball
executives feared its ability to spend without constraint could accelerate the
payroll explosions that endanger the sport's finances. More important, however,
was the influence of Mr. Murdoch's company over the local television rights to
nearly two dozen baseball clubs; granting Fox the franchise, and with it access
to the financial statements of all the 29 other clubs, could instantly make Mr.
Murdoch the game's most powerful figure.

The baseball contingent emerged from the two-hour face-off impressed but still
wary, and that apprehension suffuses the sport as its owners pore over an
investigative report and financial documents trying to determine Mr. Murdoch's
makeup and motives.

But interviews with club executives and baseball officials indicate that, absent
a late bout of nerves, the sport will by March 19 formally approve the sale of
the Dodgers -- the most expensive purchase of a sports franchise ever -- to an
outfit run by an aggressive, continent-hopping dealmaker with no sentimental or
historic attachment to the country's most tradition-bound sport.

If baseball does welcome Mr. Murdoch, though, it will do so with fingers crossed
-- that rules governing revenue sharing or precluding outside licensing or
sponsorship deals will not be broken and that, in short, Mr. Murdoch will not
run roughshod over their game.

"I can't judge whether he would be a good or a bad owner," said Michael Eisner,
the chairman of the Walt Disney Company, which owns the controlling stake in the
Anaheim Angels.

"But I don't think he would not follow the rules."

In 1957, Walter O'Malley convulsed baseball's economics by moving the Dodgers
from Brooklyn to California's virgin major league market, proving that even the
most beloved team is a bottom-line business property to be exploited for its
strategic value.

Now, Mr. O'Malley's son, Peter, who had grown disaffected with the sport's other
owners in recent years, is about to unsettle baseball again -- leaving the sport
with the disquieting parting gift of selling his legacy to a media powerhouse
known for shaking up every business he acquires.

The deal for the Dodgers -- including Dodger Stadium and its 300 acres, the
Dodgertown spring training site and minor league team in Vero Beach, Fla., and a
training complex in the Dominican Republic -- closes an era when families like
the Yawkeys and Griffiths and Stonehams made owning a baseball team their
exclusive business. Soaring player salaries have routed them, and they have been
replaced primarily by investors made wealthy elsewhere and giant corporations.

The Dodgers' prospective owner, the Fox Group, is part of Mr. Murdoch's publicly
traded multinational media empire, The News Corpation, which has annual revenues
exceeding $11 billion.

The opposition of five of the other 14 National League teams would block Fox's
purchase of the Dodgers, but most baseball officials suspect that even such
modest resistance will not materialize.

"Fox was the ideal successor to our family," Peter O'Malley said recently. "I'm
at peace."

'A Big Load Of Influence'

With media interests on five continents, Rupert Murdoch comes to baseball with
enormous financial clout.

He owns network television rights for baseball, the National Football League and
the National Hockey League.

His FX and Fox Sports Net networks carry games for $43 million a year. His
substantial investment in baseball, then, is seen either as a vote of confidence
in the sport's recovery from labor strife or worrisome leverage over his future
partners in ownership.

But it is Mr. Murdoch's consolidation of the once balkanized universe of
regional sports networks into the Fox Sports Net that worries people.

Mr. Murdoch has parlayed alliances with Liberty Media, a unit of the cable
television giant Tele-Communications Incorporated, and Cablevision Systems, into
ownership stakes in 20 regional sports networks like Fox Sports West in Los
Angeles, Fox Sports South in Atlanta and the MSG Network in New York.

In Los Angeles, the network, through its two Fox Sports West outlets, has the
television rights to the Dodgers, Angels, Lakers, Clippers, Kings and Anaheim
Mighty Ducks. In all, Mr. Murdoch pays at least $100 million a year for the
local cable television rights of 22 baseball clubs.

No team owner with media interests possesses such influence. Disney owns 80
percent of ESPN, a national rights holder. Time Warner, the Atlanta Braves'
owner, televises Braves game over its TBS cable network. The Tribune Company
owns the Cubs and WGN-TV, which carries Cubs games, and five stations, like
Channel 11 in New York, that televise the local games of six teams, like the
Yankees.

"He's going to wield a big load of influence," said Tony Tavares, the Angels'
president.

"Every team is supposed to have one vote, but can he influence more than one? If
he pays enough for a team's rights, is it tantamount to his having a profit
participation in another team?"

Baseball has long been suspicious of media companies' owning teams because they
can offset club losses with profits from their main businesses.

Baseball was so concerned about the impact on local team revenues by the
satellite delivery of Braves and Cubs games by the TBS and WGN superstations,
respectively, that it imposed a separate fee structure for them. But now,
entertainment goliaths like Fox, Time Warner, Tribune and Disney view baseball
as essential assets.

"What are we in baseball if not programming and software for media companies?"
said Eddie Einhorn, vice chairman of the Chicago White Sox.

"Sure, there's concern about their influence, but they've made the market for
sports teams."


Tangled Holdings And Interests

Local baseball is good business for Fox. Ratings are stronger than they are
nationally, so advertising is easy to sell. Underlying Fox's acquisition of the
Dodgers is the guarantee that Dodger games will be the bulwark of Fox Sports
West.

"We'll be a good owner, because we have such a big bet on baseball," said Chase
Carey, chairman of Fox Television.

"We're already in a major partnership with baseball. We have good relationships
with owners. We're part of the family."

Fox has won high marks from football and hockey officials. But Fox does not own
teams in those sports, although an alliance with Cablevision brought Fox a 20
percent stake in the Knicks and Rangers.

"We respected the N.F.L. for what it was and brought new things to it," Mr.
Carey said.

"The Dodgers are a unique franchise in a unique sport, and our goal is to bring
new levels of excitement and to respect and enjoy what's there."

But some teams want Fox to stay in the television business.

Larry Lucchino, the Padres' president, said that "Fox's disproportionate
influence on two dozen teams through its TV deals creates an opportunity to
manipulate the arrangement for political purposes. Fox can say, 'If you don't
vote for X, you'll have trouble on your TV deal.' "

The Padres and other teams worry that as an owner, Fox, controlled by Murdoch,
will have access to their financial statements and use that knowledge at future
television rights negotiations. Or, knowing how important local rights payments
are, teams are concerned that Fox can influence the signing of free agents
through well-timed extensions of cable rights deals.

Last year, Fox Sports Rocky Mountain extended its rights deal with the Colorado
Avalanche hockey team just in time to help pay the team's star, Joe Sakic, a $15
million signing bonus and keep him from the Rangers. In that instance, the
shared interests for Fox and the Rockies were benign. But it was an example of
how, if circumstances were different, Fox's array of overlapping holdings and
interests could affect critical decisions and even perhaps competitive balance.

Fox discounts any trepidation. "The teams have the business we need and can get
rid of us for another competitor," said Jim Martin, executive vice president of
the Fox/Liberty Networks.

"If we try to influence anybody's votes, the teams have other options and can
tell us to go to hell."

Baseball's sense of Mr. Murdoch's full candor was shaken slightly when owners
learned that T.C.I., one of Fox's television partners, had had an undisclosed
option for half-ownership of the Dodgers, although T.C.I. waived it.

And Mr. Murdoch's audacious creation of a new rugby league in Australia made
some baseball executives question whether he would ignore any rules that
constrained him.

Three years ago, Mr. Murdoch launched his own rugby league by spending vast sums
to poach 80 star players and several teams from the long-established Australian
Rugby League. Rugby league, Australia's most popular sport, was deemed crucial
programming for Mr. Murdoch's fledgling pay-TV service.

"It was viewed as treachery," said John Brady, a spokesman for the A.R.L., which
has since merged with Mr. Murdoch's money-losing league. Now, Mr. Brady said,
the old-line A.R.L. views Mr. Murdoch with grudging admiration for having the
vision to sense the expanding popularity of professional rugby.

One baseball official summarized the concerns: "Let him into the club, he can
cause problems. He does what he wants and he's litigious."

Fox has verbally agreed with baseball to abide by constraints on its behavior as
an owner, including not beaming Dodger games to Japan on Mr. Murdoch's JSkyB TV
satellite network. Baseball wants to insure those television revenues would be
shared.


The Changing Face Of Dodger Stadium

Despite having a marquee team that drew three million customers a year, the
family-owned Dodgers were increasingly an anachronism. Thus Mr. O'Malley had
many reasons to sell the Dodgers: estate planning for his three children and his
sister Terry Seidler's 10; $35 million in losses since 1994 and dissatisfaction
that Los Angeles pulled its support for his plan to build a pro football stadium
near Dodger Stadium.

But, Mr. O'Malley said, greater foresight might have kept the franchise his.

"The storms of the past four years caused central revenues to go down," he said,
referring to money from networks and sponsors.

"I thought they'd come back earlier. I miscalculated. If I were accurate, we
would have been fine."

But he is surrendering to modern sports finance -- and nearly pristine Dodger
Stadium will sport advertising signs. This season, some field-level box seats
will be removed for rotating signs that will cost 17 advertisers $200,000 each.

"Changes were coming with or without me," Mr. O'Malley said.

The planned luxury suites will be easier for Fox to finance.

Seventy-five to 80 suites should lease for at least $200,000 each, the peak
price in baseball, the industry publication Team Marketing Report said.

Fox will modernize the stadium and add retailing, a hall of fame and an
interactive entertainment center to compete with Disney's $110 million
modernization of Anaheim Stadium.

"A lot can be done to create value that the Dodgers haven't done," said Mr.
Carey, the Fox Television chairman. But he said Fox has no intention of selling
Dodgertown and moving spring training west.

Mr. O'Malley speaks with a calm reserve, barely showing emotion as his Dodger
epoch ends. But he is quietly adamant that he chose the right buyer.

"We checked them out," he said. "I talked to the N.F.L. I talked to people in
baseball. Everybody without exception said Fox has done everything they said
they would, and more. They've been an excellent partner."

Mr. O'Malley, who insists he has not succumbed to nostalgia, probably will not
stay long to see the changes. He has no contract.

"I'm looking ahead," he said, in the final days of his 29-year tenure as the
Dodgers' president and his family's 57-year connection to the Dodgers -- which
began when his father became the team's lawyer.

"No, I'm not going to look back at my first day at Vero Beach or watching Dodger
Stadium being constructed," he said. So there will be no warm memories of Koufax
or Jackie or his days as a Dodgertown counselor.

Clark Griffith, whose family owned the Washington Senators and the Minnesota
Twins, said, "I sense a great sadness in Peter that he has to sell."

Not so, Mr. O'Malley said. Maybe $320 million is sufficient balm against
melancholy.

"I'm going to support this team," he said, "whether I'm here or not."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The O'Malley family has owned the Dodgers for nearly half a
century. The current owner, Peter, at left with his son Brian, attended an
exhibition game on Friday. Peter's father, Walter, hugged his manager, Walter
Alston, at right, after the Dodgers won the 1955 World Series. (Susan
Greenwood/The New York Times; Associated Press)(pg. 32)

Chart: "OVERVIEW: Extending His Reach"
The Fox Sports Net, which is part of Rupert Murdoch's TV sports empire, holds at
least part of the local cable television rights to 22 of the 30 major league
teams. This raises concern over the amount of influence he may wield as owner of
the Los Angeles Dodgers.

AMERICAN LEAGUE

EAST
Detroit Tigers
New York Yankees
Baltimore Orioles
Tampa Bay Devil Rays

CENTRAL
Kansas City Royals
Chicago White Sox
Cleveland Indians

WEST
Texas Rangers
Anaheim Angels
Seattle Mariners
Oakland A's

NATIONAL LEAUGE

EAST
Atlanta Braves
New York Mets
Florida Marlins

CENTRAL
Houston Astros
Pittsburg Pirates
St. Louis Cardinals
Cincinnati Reds

WEST
Los Angeles Dodgers
Colorado Rockies
Arizona Diamondbacks
San Francisco Giants

(pg. 32)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Coast Guard focuses on boating under the influence during Operation
Dry Water

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Coast Guard, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A boarding team from Station New York conducts a recreational boating safety
boarding near the Statue of Liberty National Monument. Station New York crews
will be out in large numbers to ensure everyone is boating safely this summer.
Photo by Petty Officer Haines.

STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. - Coast Guard Station New York is scheduled to participate
in Operation Dry Water (ODW) June 27-29, 2014 as part of a nationally
coordinated effort to reduce the number of accidents and deaths related to
boating under the influence (BUI).

During this 3-day weekend, Coast Guard boarding officers will be on the water
educating boaters about the dangers of boating under the influence and detecting
boaters who are impaired.

Boating under the influence continues to be a major problem nationwide. In fact,
alcohol consumption is the leading cause of boating deaths.  By participating in
ODW, Station New York is promoting safe recreational boating in an effort to
reduce the number of accidents and deaths related to alcohol or drug use.

"The Coast Guard encourages boaters to enjoy the boating season with friends and
family in a safe and responsible way," said Lt. Cmdr. Bill Walsh, commanding
officer of Coast Guard Station New York. "Drinking alcohol while operating a
boat can have serious, even deadly consequences, and our goal is to make sure
everyone enjoys their time on the water and comes back alive."

In New York and New Jersey boaters whose blood alcohol content (BAC) level
exceeds the state limit of .08 can expect to be arrested for BUI and face other
serious penalties including having their vessel impounded, payment of fines, or
jail time. ODW patrols will include increased patrols and breathalyzer tests as
well as boater education and outreach.

For more information please visit: http://www.uscgnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 5, 2007 Monday

Squeezed primary season changing face of presidential selection process

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1182  words


The fact that California, Florida, New Jersey, Illinois and other larger states
want to move their presidential primaries up to early February of next year has
political experts scratching their heads over how this will impact an already
tight election season. Oklahoma and some other small states are scheduled to
hold their presidential primaries next Feb. 5. The rush to hold earlier
primaries reportedly has "first-at-all-costs" New Hampshire officials
considering moving up their presidential contest, perhaps before Jan. 1. Only
Iowa's caucuses come earlier than the New Hampshire primary. "Everybody's
front-loading," said University of Oklahoma political science professor Keith
Gaddie.

"It's always an effort to increase your influence in determining who the
presidential nominee will be. " Gaddie said early-primary states have an
enhanced role in vetting candidates. "What happens in these early primaries
dictates who gets to go forward and who doesn't," he said. "Momentum can be
established by a candidate in an early primary, then they can build on it. "
Gaddie said front-loading has been a reality since the late 1980s, when Southern
states got together in "Super Tuesday" primaries to increase their influence on
the process. "With all of these major states front-loading, it really diminishes
the influence of the Oklahoma primary," said Gaddie. "People just aren't going
to pay attention as much, because our delegate count is so small. " On the other
hand, he said, Oklahoma may draw candidates who think they can win here, such as
former Democratic U.S. Sen. John Edwards and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee,
a Republican. Previously, he said, that first Tuesday in February brought more
presidential candidates into states like Oklahoma and South Carolina. "Having a
highly competitive primary like that is really good for your activist base,
because it gets them interested," Gaddie said. Presidential primaries have
reduced the influence of national political parties on the nomination system.
Gaddie said the Democrats have tried to assert some control by putting in place
rules to punish candidates and parties that defy a schedule laid out by the
party. However, he said that schedule allows state parties to schedule primaries
beginning Feb. 5, 2008. "The time is now to start building organizations for
these early primaries, because you really need a year," Gaddie said. With a $100
million price tag cited for a viable presidential campaign, the shortened
political season makes fundraising more vital than ever. "It puts Clinton and
Obama on the Democratic side in the driver's seat, because they have large
sources of money," Gaddie said. Those types of candidates will go after the big
delegate-count states, he said. Candidates with less ability to raise funds must
be more strategic, Gaddie said. In Democratic primaries, he said, a candidate
need not come in first in order to garner a proportionate share of delegates. He
said Republicans, in winner-take-all contests, must look for states where they
can win. Oklahoma Republican Party Chairman Tom Daxon said presidential
primaries give voters the chance to scrutinize front-runners like U.S. Sen. John
McCain, R-Ariz., and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani. "While I don't like
the way a lot of that is often done, in the overall scheme of things, it's
probably a good thing, at the end of the day, that we do have that kind of
scrutiny," he said. Daxon said that with early primaries, someone will
invariably step forward in, say, New Hampshire, and do better than everyone
expects. "I have no idea who that's going to be," he said. Daxon said that could
improve the chances for candidates such as U.S. Sen. Sam Brownback, R-Kans. or
U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., who would also undergo intense scrutiny. "By
the time you get to your convention, your guy is pretty well vetted," he said.
If every state had its primary around the same time, Daxon said, there might not
be enough time for all that to happen. Daxon said a more compressed, expensive
political calendar could make it more difficult for dark horse candidates to get
in the race. "You're going to have to raise a substantial amount of money, if
you're going to be a serious candidate for president," he said. "The current
system allows somebody the luxury of focusing on a handful of races, if not even
a single race, with the prospect of doing well, and then leveraging that into
the kind of support they need to really go national. If you compress that time
period, I think you've got some issues. " Former Oklahoma U.S. Sen. Fred Harris,
now a political science professor at the University of New Mexico, has also run
for president himself, and once chaired the Democratic National Committee. "I
think it really makes it much more difficult for lesser-known and
lesser-financed candidates to get a real hearing," Harris said of the squeezed
presidential primary season. In the past, Harris said, candidates were elected
through "retail politics," by person-to-person, shake-one-hand-at-a-time
campaigning. "That system made it possible for a lesser-known candidate, a
lesser-financed candidate, to emerge," he said. That type of campaigning helped
nominate Georgia Gov. Jimmy Carter and Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton as their
party's candidates, both of whom were "way down in the polls" to start with, he
said. "You didn't have to be highly popular nationwide or well-known nationwide,
or have all of your money up front," he said. "If you did well in the early
contests, the national standing and additional money would come. " If
delegate-rich states such as California move up their primaries, he said, it
will be very difficult for less well-known candidates to surface. "We will
really constrict the choices that people have," Harris said. This doesn't
necessarily mean that candidates will start giving states like Oklahoma a
complete pass, he said. "Any serious candidate is going to have to run
everywhere, no matter what," Harris said. "But the spotlight and the emphasis on
the lesser-populated states are going to be diluted. " Top-tier candidates do
need to raise about $100 million, he said. "But you didn't have to do all of
that at once," Harris added. "Now, with California and New Jersey in there,
you're going to have to have most of your money pretty much up front. " Harris
said the current system allows voters to winnow down the list of potential
candidates. "Now, there will be a kind of national-popularity and
campaign-financing primary that will winnow them out long before these first
contests," he said. Harris said, "We should just leave well enough alone," but
doesn't think that will be the case. After the 2008 contests, he said, the
process may see the establishment of a sequence of primaries and caucuses set up
by party regulations. Harris said some have suggested changing either to a
national primary or at most four regional contests, both of which he opposes.
"It would limit the choices voters would have," he said. "There would be a great
number of people that just couldn't get started. "

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 5, 2007 Monday

Earlier primaries changing presidential race

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1182  words


The fact that California, Florida, New Jersey, Illinois and other larger states
want to move their presidential primaries up to early February of next year has
political experts scratching their heads over how this will impact an already
tight election season. Oklahoma and some other small states are scheduled to
hold their presidential primaries next Feb. 5. The rush to hold earlier
primaries reportedly has "first-at-all-costs" New Hampshire officials
considering moving up their presidential contest, perhaps before Jan. 1. Only
Iowa's caucuses come earlier than the New Hampshire primary. "Everybody's
front-loading," said University of Oklahoma political science professor Keith
Gaddie.

"It's always an effort to increase your influence in determining who the
presidential nominee will be. " Gaddie said early-primary states have an
enhanced role in vetting candidates. "What happens in these early primaries
dictates who gets to go forward and who doesn't," he said. "Momentum can be
established by a candidate in an early primary, then they can build on it. "
Gaddie said front-loading has been a reality since the late 1980s, when Southern
states got together in "Super Tuesday" primaries to increase their influence on
the process. "With all of these major states front-loading, it really diminishes
the influence of the Oklahoma primary," said Gaddie. "People just aren't going
to pay attention as much, because our delegate count is so small. " On the other
hand, he said, Oklahoma may draw candidates who think they can win here, such as
former Democratic U.S. Sen. John Edwards and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee,
a Republican. Previously, he said, that first Tuesday in February brought more
presidential candidates into states like Oklahoma and South Carolina. "Having a
highly competitive primary like that is really good for your activist base,
because it gets them interested," Gaddie said. Presidential primaries have
reduced the influence of national political parties on the nomination system.
Gaddie said the Democrats have tried to assert some control by putting in place
rules to punish candidates and parties that defy a schedule laid out by the
party. However, he said that schedule allows state parties to schedule primaries
beginning Feb. 5, 2008. "The time is now to start building organizations for
these early primaries, because you really need a year," Gaddie said. With a $100
million price tag cited for a viable presidential campaign, the shortened
political season makes fundraising more vital than ever. "It puts Clinton and
Obama on the Democratic side in the driver's seat, because they have large
sources of money," Gaddie said. Those types of candidates will go after the big
delegate-count states, he said. Candidates with less ability to raise funds must
be more strategic, Gaddie said. In Democratic primaries, he said, a candidate
need not come in first in order to garner a proportionate share of delegates. He
said Republicans, in winner-take-all contests, must look for states where they
can win. Oklahoma Republican Party Chairman Tom Daxon said presidential
primaries give voters the chance to scrutinize front-runners like U.S. Sen. John
McCain, R-Ariz., and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani. "While I don't like
the way a lot of that is often done, in the overall scheme of things, it's
probably a good thing, at the end of the day, that we do have that kind of
scrutiny," he said. Daxon said that with early primaries, someone will
invariably step forward in, say, New Hampshire, and do better than everyone
expects. "I have no idea who that's going to be," he said. Daxon said that could
improve the chances for candidates such as U.S. Sen. Sam Brownback, R-Kans. or
U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., who would also undergo intense scrutiny. "By
the time you get to your convention, your guy is pretty well vetted," he said.
If every state had its primary around the same time, Daxon said, there might not
be enough time for all that to happen. Daxon said a more compressed, expensive
political calendar could make it more difficult for dark horse candidates to get
in the race. "You're going to have to raise a substantial amount of money, if
you're going to be a serious candidate for president," he said. "The current
system allows somebody the luxury of focusing on a handful of races, if not even
a single race, with the prospect of doing well, and then leveraging that into
the kind of support they need to really go national. If you compress that time
period, I think you've got some issues. " Former Oklahoma U.S. Sen. Fred Harris,
now a political science professor at the University of New Mexico, has also run
for president himself, and once chaired the Democratic National Committee. "I
think it really makes it much more difficult for lesser-known and
lesser-financed candidates to get a real hearing," Harris said of the squeezed
presidential primary season. In the past, Harris said, candidates were elected
through "retail politics," by person-to-person, shake-one-hand-at-a-time
campaigning. "That system made it possible for a lesser-known candidate, a
lesser-financed candidate, to emerge," he said. That type of campaigning helped
nominate Georgia Gov. Jimmy Carter and Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton as their
party's candidates, both of whom were "way down in the polls" to start with, he
said. "You didn't have to be highly popular nationwide or well-known nationwide,
or have all of your money up front," he said. "If you did well in the early
contests, the national standing and additional money would come. " If
delegate-rich states such as California move up their primaries, he said, it
will be very difficult for less well-known candidates to surface. "We will
really constrict the choices that people have," Harris said. This doesn't
necessarily mean that candidates will start giving states like Oklahoma a
complete pass, he said. "Any serious candidate is going to have to run
everywhere, no matter what," Harris said. "But the spotlight and the emphasis on
the lesser-populated states are going to be diluted. " Top-tier candidates do
need to raise about $100 million, he said. "But you didn't have to do all of
that at once," Harris added. "Now, with California and New Jersey in there,
you're going to have to have most of your money pretty much up front. " Harris
said the current system allows voters to winnow down the list of potential
candidates. "Now, there will be a kind of national-popularity and
campaign-financing primary that will winnow them out long before these first
contests," he said. Harris said, "We should just leave well enough alone," but
doesn't think that will be the case. After the 2008 contests, he said, the
process may see the establishment of a sequence of primaries and caucuses set up
by party regulations. Harris said some have suggested changing either to a
national primary or at most four regional contests, both of which he opposes.
"It would limit the choices voters would have," he said. "There would be a great
number of people that just couldn't get started. "

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                       May 4, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Question: Should the president sign or veto the campaign finance bill?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 257 words


Herbert Dennard, 46
Railroad worker
Macon, Ga.

He should sign it. Political action committees already have too much control.
They give a lot of money to campaigns and they give it for a reason. They give
it for influence. So anything that would stop or slow that down would be
beneficial to the American people.

Eileen Fitzpatrick, 19
Student
Baltimore, Md.

President Bush should sign the bill because too much money is being spent in
congressional campaigns. The law would help reduce the influence of special
interests on Congress, and the public would benefit.

Tom Beranty, 40
Teacher
Kittanning, Pa.

I am a Republican, but I'm in favor of the president signing it because anyone
running for office should not be at a disadvantage to an incumbent. Special
interests would not benefit as much with this. They have too much to say about
who's elected on a national level.

Shawn Ilg, 25
Law student
Omaha, Neb.

The president should sign the bill. Any legislation that helps limit special
interests' influence is needed. I've worked in Washington, D.C. PAC money and
interest groups have more influence than individual citizens, and that's not the
way Congress is supposed to run.

Suzanne Eovaldi, 56
Comm. college teacher
Lowell, Ind.

Sign it if there can be a protection that the money isn't laundered through
large organizations. The PAC groups just funnel the money to the candidates. The
people we have elected to serve us seem to be so self- serving. Certainly, I'm
in favor of fairing up the system.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; Last Thursday, the Senate passed
and sent to the president a bill to overhaul the way congressional campaigns are
financed. President Bush has threatened to veto the bill, approved last month by
the House. It limits the money that could be spent in congressional races by
those accepting public financing. USA TODAY asked readers their opinions.

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 503 words


medicine

UB study points to diet as key to brain iron levels

Diet can influence iron levels in the brain, a potentially important link for
such conditions as multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease, a new University
at Buffalo study shows.

Those and other neurological conditions are associated with high brain iron
levels. Higher concentrations of iron are also found in the brains of healthy
adults as they age.

What's not clear, is how environmental factors, including diet, influence the
iron levels.

The UB research in the Journal of the Neurobiology of Aging is a small pilot
study of 190 people, but is believed to be the first investigating how diet
influences brain iron levels in healthy individuals, according to the
researchers.

"Among environmental factors that can influence putative iron levels, diet is an
attractive target to investigate," said Dr. Robert Zivadinov, senior author and
director of the Buffalo Neuroimaging Analysis Center.

POLITICS

DiTullio wins endorsement of Erie County's Democrats

The Erie County Democratic Committee on Saturday made its first endorsement of
the 2015 election cycle - Sheila A. DiTullio for re-election as Erie County
Court judge.

The panel's executive committee cited DiTullio's experience, public outreach and
exemplary record as an Erie County Court judge for the past 20 years.

The daughter of an Italian immigrant, DiTullio is a graduate of Western New
England College Law School and worked in both the Public Defender's Office and
as an assistant district attorney before being elected to Erie County Court in
1994. She also serves as the supervising judge of criminal courts of Allegany,
Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee and Wyoming counties.

AMBER Alerts

Facebook to spread word on missing, abducted kids

Add Facebook to the venues for spreading the word about missing or abducted
children.

In partnership with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,
AMBER Alerts will be sent to the newsfeed of Facebook users.The system will
allow the social media website to send an AMBER Alert directly to the mobile
phones of people in designated search areas. It will include the child's photo,
description, last known location and other public information that could help in
the search."For most people, these alerts will be rare because they will only go
to people who are in a position to help - those specifically within the
designated search area," Emily Vacher, trust and security manager for Facebook
Safety, said in a statement. "If you get an alert on Facebook it means there is
an active search for a missing child going on around you."

The alert system was created in 1996 in Texas, as a legacy to 9-year-old Amber
Hagerman, who was kidnapped and brutally murdered.

It became a national effort through National Center for Missing & Exploited
Children, known as America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response (AMBER) Plan.
The voluntary partnership that included police, broadcasters and transportation
authorities now uses all available technology.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 503 words


medicine

UB study points to diet as key to brain iron levels

Diet can influence iron levels in the brain, a potentially important link for
such conditions as multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease, a new University
at Buffalo study shows.

Those and other neurological conditions are associated with high brain iron
levels. Higher concentrations of iron are also found in the brains of healthy
adults as they age.

What's not clear, is how environmental factors, including diet, influence the
iron levels.

The UB research in the Journal of the Neurobiology of Aging is a small pilot
study of 190 people, but is believed to be the first investigating how diet
influences brain iron levels in healthy individuals, according to the
researchers.

"Among environmental factors that can influence putative iron levels, diet is an
attractive target to investigate," said Dr. Robert Zivadinov, senior author and
director of the Buffalo Neuroimaging Analysis Center.

POLITICS

DiTullio wins endorsement of Erie County's Democrats

The Erie County Democratic Committee on Saturday made its first endorsement of
the 2015 election cycle - Sheila A. DiTullio for re-election as Erie County
Court judge.

The panel's executive committee cited DiTullio's experience, public outreach and
exemplary record as an Erie County Court judge for the past 20 years.

The daughter of an Italian immigrant, DiTullio is a graduate of Western New
England College Law School and worked in both the Public Defender's Office and
as an assistant district attorney before being elected to Erie County Court in
1994. She also serves as the supervising judge of criminal courts of Allegany,
Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee and Wyoming counties.

AMBER Alerts

Facebook to spread word on missing, abducted kids

Add Facebook to the venues for spreading the word about missing or abducted
children.

In partnership with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,
AMBER Alerts will be sent to the newsfeed of Facebook users.

The system will allow the social media website to send an AMBER Alert directly
to the mobile phones of people in designated search areas. It will include the
child's photo, description, last known location and other public information
that could help in the search.

"For most people, these alerts will be rare because they will only go to people
who are in a position to help - those specifically within the designated search
area," Emily Vacher, trust and security manager for Facebook Safety, said in a
statement. "If you get an alert on Facebook it means there is an active search
for a missing child going on around you."

The alert system was created in 1996 in Texas, as a legacy to 9-year-old Amber
Hagerman, who was kidnapped and brutally murdered.

It became a national effort through National Center for Missing & Exploited
Children, known as America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response (AMBER) Plan.
The voluntary partnership that included police, broadcasters and transportation
authorities now uses all available technology.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

NIAGARA NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 503 words


medicine

UB study points to diet as key to brain iron levels

Diet can influence iron levels in the brain, a potentially important link for
such conditions as multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease, a new University
at Buffalo study shows.

Those and other neurological conditions are associated with high brain iron
levels. Higher concentrations of iron are also found in the brains of healthy
adults as they age.

What's not clear, is how environmental factors, including diet, influence the
iron levels.

The UB research in the Journal of the Neurobiology of Aging is a small pilot
study of 190 people, but is believed to be the first investigating how diet
influences brain iron levels in healthy individuals, according to the
researchers.

"Among environmental factors that can influence putative iron levels, diet is an
attractive target to investigate," said Dr. Robert Zivadinov, senior author and
director of the Buffalo Neuroimaging Analysis Center.

POLITICS

DiTullio wins endorsement of Erie County's Democrats

The Erie County Democratic Committee on Saturday made its first endorsement of
the 2015 election cycle - Sheila A. DiTullio for re-election as Erie County
Court judge.

The panel's executive committee cited DiTullio's experience, public outreach and
exemplary record as an Erie County Court judge for the past 20 years.

The daughter of an Italian immigrant, DiTullio is a graduate of Western New
England College Law School and worked in both the Public Defender's Office and
as an assistant district attorney before being elected to Erie County Court in
1994. She also serves as the supervising judge of criminal courts of Allegany,
Cattaraugus, Chautauqua, Erie, Genesee and Wyoming counties.

AMBER Alerts

Facebook to spread word on missing, abducted kids

Add Facebook to the venues for spreading the word about missing or abducted
children.

In partnership with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,
AMBER Alerts will be sent to the newsfeed of Facebook users.

The system will allow the social media website to send an AMBER Alert directly
to the mobile phones of people in designated search areas. It will include the
child's photo, description, last known location and other public information
that could help in the search.

"For most people, these alerts will be rare because they will only go to people
who are in a position to help - those specifically within the designated search
area," Emily Vacher, trust and security manager for Facebook Safety, said in a
statement. "If you get an alert on Facebook it means there is an active search
for a missing child going on around you."

The alert system was created in 1996 in Texas, as a legacy to 9-year-old Amber
Hagerman, who was kidnapped and brutally murdered.

It became a national effort through National Center for Missing & Exploited
Children, known as America's Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response (AMBER) Plan.
The voluntary partnership that included police, broadcasters and transportation
authorities now uses all available technology.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 557 words


Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Lorraine K. Dominguez, 28, of 1221 E. 13th St. #3 on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay at 12:48 a.m. Monday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer
Ave.

Rodney D. Walston, 40, of 312 W. College Drive for criminal trespass, vandalism
and threatening phone calls at 11:15 p.m. Sunday at his residence.

Gabriel Apodaca, 31, of 1603 W. Jefferson Road on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to appear in court at 3:41 p.m. Sunday at the Laramie County jail.

John C. Riggin, 33, of 2210 Steve Avenue on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to
pay at 2:55 p.m. Sunday at his residence.

Christopher L. Vaughn, 31, transient, for protection order violation and
domestic violence at 2:50 p.m. Sunday at the Laramie County jail.

William Z. Lyons, 23, of 300 E. Prosser Road #148 on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay at 2:09 p.m. Sunday at his residence.

Deepak Prakash, 27, of Sacramento, Calif. for felony vandalism at 4:15 a.m.
Sunday in the 12700 block of Interstate 80 Service Road.

Anthony J. Arias II, 18, of 1111 W. Leisher Road for driving under the influence
at 2:40 a.m. Sunday in the 800 block of Interstate 180.

Benito U. Nevarez, 24, of 312 Borough St. for driving under the influence at
2:18 a.m. Sunday in the 100 block of East Fox Farm Road.

Fernando M. Hernandez, 33, of 2933 Pine Drive for being a pedestrian under the
influence at 6:09 p.m. Saturday at 300 Morrie Ave.

Anthony J. Long, 43, of 8402 Cowboy Road for domestic violence and domestic
assault and battery at 4:02 p.m. Saturday at his residence.

Janice E. Roberts, 20, of 2817 E. 12th St. for a parking violation and driving
under the influence at 3:45 a.m. Saturday in the 1700 block of Park Avenue.

Robert M. Balerio, 32, of Denver for a traffic lane violation and driving under
the influence at 1:50 a.m. Saturday at Capitol Avenue and Lincolnway.

Lina M. Kramer, 29, of 1501 E. 16th St. for failure to yield to an emergency
vehicle and driving under the influence at 1:30 a.m. Saturday in the 200 block
of Interstate 180.

Daman L. Eckhardt, 31, of Fort Collins, Colo. on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to appear in court at 5:10 p.m. Friday on Interstate 25 at the third
mile marker.

Michael J. Beck, 20, of 611 Gopp Court on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to
pay at 2:45 p.m. Friday at his residence.

Brandon S. McCarty, 21, of 420 W. College Drive #27 on a felony warrant for
failure to comply at 1:15 p.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail.

Adam A. Anderson, 22, of 1805 Park Place for attempted simple assault at noon
Friday at the Laramie County jail.

Kenneth R. Blankenship, 37, of 211 S. Third Ave. for domestic assault and
battery and domestic violence at 11:26 a.m. Friday at his residence.

Clifton J. Nash, 25, of 4012 Golden Court on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to appear in court at 10:26 a.m. Friday at his residence.

William J. Reczek, 20, of 1913 Park Ave. on a misdemeanor warrant for escaping
community corrections at 9:32 a.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 10/27/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Ryan J. Lilly, 16 Copperwood Court; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, careless driving; held for court.

Gary A. Calupca, 1290 Glendale Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Dylan G. Moore, 601 S. Yale St.; receiving stolen property; held for court.

Osbaldo Colecio-Zacari as, 2709 Crestview Drive; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, stop signs/yield signs; waived to court.

Joseph L. Baer, 1115 W. Poplar St.; resisting arrest, recklessly endangering
another person, disorderly conduct, criminal mischief/damage property; waived to
court.

Craig L. Imler, 1655 Westgate Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, obedience to traffic control devices; waived to court.

Kirk M. Duttera, 1572 W. King St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Elvin O. Alicea, 301 S. Penn St.; unsworn falsification-forged/altered writing;
held for court.

Robert A. Stout, 437 W. Market St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property, criminal attempt/theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Cassandra R. Demolick, 2241 Chapparal Drive, Pittsburgh; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, aggravated assault,
resisting arrest; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Dr. Sheldon chosen by SSCA for Early Career Research Award

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: Huntsville


The University of Alabama in Huntsville has issued the following news release:

The Southern States Communication Association (SSCA) has named Dr. Pavica
Sheldon, an assistant professor of communication arts at The University of
Alabama in Huntsville (UAH), the recipient of the 2015 Janice Hocker Rushing
Early Career Research Award.

The award honors SSCA members who have demonstrated exceptional scholarly
ability through research and publication early in their academic careers.
Nominees must be untenured, assistant professors in the field of communication,
and no more than five years shall have passed between nominee's appointment to
the rank of assistant professor or receipt of terminal degree and the time of
the award.

In addition, nominees must have participated in the program of the annual
convention at least twice, or participated once in the convention program and
published an article in the Southern Communication Journal. In addition to the
requirements noted above, a maximum of three representative publications by the
nominee were required to be submitted.

Dr. Sheldon will receive the award April 11 at a luncheon at the SSCA's 85th
annual convention in Tampa, Fla.

"I think it is wonderful for UAH to get this exposure, acknowledging the hard
work that we are all doing here to make this university great," says Dr.
Sheldon, who is currently the SCCA communication theory division program chair
and is also on the editorial board of the Southern Communication Journal.

Dr. Sheldon recently published twice in the journal and has presented five times
at SSCA conferences, including garnering a top paper award.

In one study that was published, she tested how parental and peer communication
influences young adults' body image. Results of a survey of 283 college students
show support for developmental and social comparison theories that argue that
peers' influence in adolescence is more significant than parents' influence.

"Peer pressure is most often negative, especially for girls," Dr. Sheldon says.
"Too much parental control can also negatively influence how college-aged women
and men feel about their bodies. This is especially true for an opposite-sex
parent."

A second SCJ paper examined how college students' use of media, peers and family
pressure combined with their individual level of perfectionism to influence body
esteem, with a special emphasis on gender differences.

"This study tests not only the students' exposure to different media but what
they do with the media or how they compare themselves to the models in fashion
magazines or on television," Dr. Sheldon says.

Although a survey of 224 college students showed that perfectionism and media
use were not related to students' body esteem, higher family and peer pressure
and a high score on perfectionism influenced women to compare themselves to the
models in fashion magazines and on television. High family and peer pressure
also influenced men's body esteem.

"The study provides practical implications for media educators, encouraging
women to examine the possibility that the bodies of magazine models are just
Photoshopped images with unreal body measurements," says Dr. Sheldon. "Not all
women will need this kind of warning, though."

Additionally, Dr. Sheldon has published research about Facebook usage and
relationship benefits among various user personality types. She found that even
though introverts spend more time on the site, the relationship benefits of
Facebook tend to accrue to extroverts, narcissists and people who desire great
control over how they present themselves. The more extroverted a person is, the
more status posts he or she is likely to make.

"I have had an undergraduate student present at SSCA, as well," says Dr.
Sheldon. "This past summer another student, Larae Wade, worked with me on grant
research and will present some of the findings in the upcoming SSCA conference
in Tampa. She will also present in the top paper session."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Wilson County Most Wanted and Sheriff's Reports for April 23

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


April 23--April 13

Angela Bell Birdwell, 30, of Lebanon, was charged with probation violation.

Joshua James Bozarth, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with domestic assault.

Diane Brewington, 49, of Lebanon, was charged with possession of a legend drug.

William Sanchez Davis, 29, of Gallatin, was charged with sale of schedule II
drugs, driving on a suspended license, failure to appear, evading arrest and
probation violation.

Melinda Leigh Dennis, 39, of Whitleyville, was charged with driving under the
influence and violation of implied consent law.

Edgar Earl Horton Jr., 50, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence and violation of conditional release alcohol.

Jessica Renee Hurst, 27, of Lafayette, was charged with driving under the
influence.

Shane Logan Hutchison, 22, of Nashville, was charged with probation violation.

Jeremy William Miner, 31, of Ft. Wayne, Ind., was charged with failure to
appear- bond jumping.

Chasity Rene Pegram, 32, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence.

Adam John Robinson, 33, of Watertown, was charged with probation violation and
failure to appear.

Jameelus Antwion Steverson, 24, of Lebanon, was charged with driving on a
suspended license and two counts of simple drug possession.

Amy Nicole Stewart, 27, of Lebanon, was charged with assault.

Christopher Ray Stewart, 35, of Goodletsville, was charged with probation
violation.

Jimmy Grant Winfree, 64, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence.

April 14

Angel Grace Allison, 35, of Old Hickory, was charged with failure to appear.

Lavar Kinte Bass, 36, of Alexandria, was charged with two counts of domestic
assault, aggravated criminal trespassing and two counts of violating order of
protection.

Andrea Leah Crow, 31, of Madison, was charged with probation violation.

Lori Ann Cummins, 33, of Lebanon, was charged with probation violation.

Cynthia Renee Cyr, 53, of Dowelltown, was charged with probation violation,
failure to appear and driving on a suspended license.

Stephen Joshua Garland, 24, of Celina, was charged with failure to appear.

James Travis Handy, 34, of Carthage, was held for court.

Jeremy Dewayne Hawkins, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with domestic assault.

Sherry Leane Huff, 44, of Madison, was charged with failure to appear.

Patricia Lynn Linder, 33, of Carthage, was charged with failure to appear.

Vernon Elliot Lockhart, 33, of Mt. Juliet, was held for court.

Johnny Ringo Lovell, 29, of Lebanon, was held for court.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140423-1LD-Wilson-County-Most-Wanted-and-Sheriff-s-Reports-for-April-23-0423-2
0140423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION (New York) applies for US Patent
titled as "MANAGING USER RATINGS IN A WEB SERVICES ENVIRONMENT"

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160343047 for US Patent, published on November 24, 2016, by
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION (New York), titled as "MANAGING USER
RATINGS IN A WEB SERVICES ENVIRONMENT"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: BAO; Zhendong; (Marietta, GA) ; SHAOUY; William P.; (Atlanta, GA)

Applicant: INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION   ARMONK   NY (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems and methods for managing user ratings in a web services environment. A
method includes storing a comment associated with a web service and storing an
influence rating associated with an author of the comment. The method also
includes transmitting information associated with the web service, the comment,
and the influence rating to a user. Additionally, the method includes receiving
feedback from the user, and determining an updated influence rating based upon
the feedback and the influence rating."


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Crime Watch for 04/19/2013

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1180 words


District Judge Scott E. Laird's office covers York Township, Dallastown and Yoe.

DISPOSITIONS

Keith McGlaughlin, 1950 Kimes Road; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Mike Epler, 78 Daisy Lane, Dover; truancy; found guilty.

David Heindel, 52 N. Church St., Yoe; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Charles M. Eichelberger, 1325 S. Highland Ave.; driving under the influence,
possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jorge Velez Jr., 534 Waring Ave., State College; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Cody Kilburn, 234 W. Gay St., Red Lion; sell non-controlled substance; waived to
court.

Edward Clouser Jr., Cumberland County Prison; theft by deception, receiving
stolen property; held for court.

Matthew Meckley, 2661 Dunbarton Drive, Dover; corruption of minors; waived to
court.

Taylor Koller, 427 W. Beaver St., Hellam; use of tobacco in schools; pleaded
guilty.

Andria Warner, 650 Bahns Mill Road, Red Lion; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Isaiah Haugh, 440 N. Walnut St., Dallastown; possession with intent to deliver,
possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Stephen Jr., 46 N. Market St., Elizabethtown; transient retail
merchants; pleaded guilty.

Michael Baptiste, 628 Deer Drive, Fawn Grove; intent to possess controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Deanna Fritts, 3024 S. Queen St., Dallastown; driving under the influence,
driving while BAC .02 or greater while license suspended; waived to court.

Shawn Huber, 80 Fair Acres Drive; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Marshall, 128 W. Maple St., Dallastown; intent to possess controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Kevin Sager, c/o York County Prison; terroristic threats, simple assault; waived
to court.

Shea Sterner, 7101 Chase Oaks Blvd., Plano, Texas; simple assault, driving under
the influence; waived to court.

Matthew Coleman, 563 W. Market St.; simple assault, disorderly conduct; held for
court.

Calvin Paine, 2411 Schultz Way; driving under the influence, possession of
marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Tera Houser, 7866 W. Riverside Drive, Pasadena, Md.; driving under the influence
, waived to court.

Thad Love, 2723 S. Queen St.; driving under the influence; held for court.

Robert A. Miller, 47 E. Main St.; Windsor; theft by deception; waived to court.

Joshua Godfrey, 2799 Sparrow Drive; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Thomas White, 427 E. Main St., Dallastown; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Jackson White, 427 E. Main St., Dallastown; driving under the influence,
possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Shannon Barham, 8 Shady Tree Court; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Raymond Lewis, c/o York County Prison; fleeing or eluding police, driving under
suspension, reckless driving; waived to court.

Juvenile; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty.

Christopher Kroll, 520 Middleview Drive; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Scott King, 3550 W. Canal Road, Dover; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty.

Juvenile, Seven Valleys; curfew; pleaded guilty.

Dacoda Welty, 3200 Hackenberry Lane; driving under the influence, possession of
marijuana; waived to court.

Luis Agosto, 622 E. Market St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

District Judge John H. Fishel's office covers Lower Windsor and Windsor
townships, East Prospect, Red Lion, Windsor and Yorkana.

Colleen Heather Rumsey, 1012 Miller Springs Road; simple assault, harassment;
held for court.

Jeffrey Allen Riddle, 2125 Delta Road, Felton; simple assault, harassment;
waived to court.

Jessica Marie Ritz, 4500 Old Bridgeville Road, Felton; driving under the
influence of alcohol or drugs, related traffic offense; waived to court.

James Eric Brown II, 70 Ridge Ave., Carlisle; driving under the influence of
alcohol or drugs; waived to court.

Matthew Ryan Falkenroth, 125 Clearview Lane, Wrightsville; terroristic threats,
resisting arrest, recklessly endangering another person, disorderly conduct
(misdemeanor); recklessly endangering another person, disorderly conduct
(misdemeanor)-dismissed, remaining charges-held for court.

Christopher Scott Wilson, 622 Atlantic Ave., Red Lion; simple assault,
harassment; held for court.

Jean Elaine Huston, 36 W. Main St., Apt. A, Windsor; retail theft (4 counts)
(felony); waived to court.

Robert Henry Shy, 125 S. Fifth St., Reading; criminal trespass; held for court.

Angela Cheryl Emge, 2924 Cape Horn Road, Red Lion; retail theft (misdemeanor);
held for court.

Helen Louise Reichert, 2025 Shaffer Circle, Dover; access device fraud; held for
court.

Leroy Croth Sherich III, 2010 Sandalwood Court; retail theft (felony); waived to
court.

Dylan Thomas Allison, 412 N. Main St., Red Lion; driving under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, accidents involving damage to attended vehicle or property;
waived to court.

Matthew Scott Inners, 37 W. High St., Red Lion; possession of a small amount of
marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Rebecca Amiee Lutz, 222 First Ave., Red Lion; criminal trespass, disorderly
conduct (misdemeanor), resisting arrest, public drunkenness; held for court.

Michael Charles Coulston, 8 S. Main St., East Prospect; simple assault (2
counts), harassment (2 counts); waived to court.

Jared William Smith, 341 Sechrist Flat Road, Felton; possession of drug
paraphernalia; pleaded guilty, sentenced to fine and costs.

Jared William Smith, 341 Sechrist Flat Road, Felton; possession of drug
paraphernalia; pleaded guilty, sentenced to fine and costs.

Jared William Smith, 341 Sechrist Flat Road, Felton; simple assault, harassment;
held for court.

Douglas Eugene Beaverson, 65 Hemlock Drive, Felton; driving under the influence
of alcohol or drugs, driving under the influence of controlled substances,
driving under the influence of a combination of drugs and alcohol, related
traffic offense; waived to court.

Nathan Ray Brown, 2104 New Bridgeville Road, Red Lion; theft by unlawful taking
or disposition; waived to court.

Sharon Bridwell Rankin, 132 N. Franklin St., Red Lion; driving under the
influence of alcohol or drugs; held for court.

Amanda Faye Wilson, 309 Larkin Drive, Red Lion; driving under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, related traffic offense; waived to court.

James Tyler Wainwright, 6 Eastwood Drive, Shrewsbury; driving under the
influence of alcohol or drugs, accidents involving damage to unattended vehicle
or property, related traffic offenses; held for court.

Austin Gregory Bortner, 1132 Delta Road, Red Lion; fleeing and attempting to
elude a police officer, driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, driving
under the influence of alcohol as a minor, 2 counts of aggravated assault,
aggravated assault by vehicle while under the influence of alcohol or drugs, 2
counts of aggravated assault by vehicle, 2 counts of unlawful restraint, 2
counts of recklessly endangering another person and multiple traffic offenses;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 27, 2011 Friday

Crime Watch for 05/27/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Franklin D. Walker, 1436 N. Sherman St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Derek S. Shuffield, 2736 Thornbridge Road, West; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Edward T. Jablonowski, 500 E. Boundary Ave.; false identification to police,
retail theft; waived to court.

Lydell V. Muldrow Jr., 3633 Canterbury Road, Harrisburg; possession of
marijuana; held for court.

Jean C. Nogueras, 303 Coventry @ Waterford; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Christopher Gonzalez- Torres, c/o York County Prison; terroristic threats with
intent to terrorize another, harassment, possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Mitchell R. Jones, 222 Cottage Drive, New Oxford; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered, possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Amy J. Scott, 547 Green Meadows Drive, Dallastown; false report-falsely
incriminate another, false report-report offense that did not occur; held for
court.

Amber N. Lee, 813 N. Duke St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived
to court.

Kevin M. Maschok, 1660 Pamona Drive, Baltimore, Md.; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
general impairment; waived to court.

Herbert L. Smith, 154 Lafayette St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver, criminal conspiracy-manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver (2 counts); waived to court.

Bridgette M. Wilson, 123 Timber Drive, Mountville; intercept communications (2
counts); waived to court.

Theresa S. Manning, 239 Roosevelt Ave.; forgery-unauthorized act in writing (2
counts), theft by deception/false impression; waived to court.

Cynthia A. Heller, 1105 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, required position/method of turning; held for court.

Michael Russ, 21 W. Water St., Jacobus; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Robert Allison, 149 S. Beaver St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Gerry Ochs, Professional Office Installers, 221 N. Duke St.; mercantile tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Ronald Young Jr., c/o York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; harassment (2
counts); pleaded guilty, served time.

Jeremiah Cotton, 819 E. Marion St., Lancaster; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
served time.

Megan Shiflett, 1207 N. George St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

James Mundy, 1638 Mount Rose Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Melissa Marcinko, 11 Lake View Drive, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Clarence Poteet III, 123 S. Queen St., Apt. 1; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Joseph Restuccia, 55 Dallas Drive, Dallastown; quarterly tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Melissa Dunn, 5445 N. George St., Manchester; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Chad Eisenhart, 1301 N. George St.; mercantile tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Dayne Williams, 1495 E. Harrisburg Pike, Middletown; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Sean Ohrum, 2021 Wyatt Circle, Dover; tax violation, mercantile tax; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rocky Shaffer, 1236 W. Market St., Apt. 2; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
served time.

Christine M. Riling, Spring Garden Apts., Box 554; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 27, 2011 Friday

Crime Watch for 05/27/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Franklin D. Walker, 1436 N. Sherman St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Derek S. Shuffield, 2736 Thornbridge Road, West; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Edward T. Jablonowski, 500 E. Boundary Ave.; false identification to police,
retail theft; waived to court.

Lydell V. Muldrow Jr., 3633 Canterbury Road, Harrisburg; possession of
marijuana; held for court.

Jean C. Nogueras, 303 Coventry @ Waterford; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Christopher Gonzalez- Torres, c/o York County Prison; terroristic threats with
intent to terrorize another, harassment, possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Mitchell R. Jones, 222 Cottage Drive, New Oxford; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered, possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Amy J. Scott, 547 Green Meadows Drive, Dallastown; false report-falsely
incriminate another, false report-report offense that did not occur; held for
court.

Amber N. Lee, 813 N. Duke St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived
to court.

Kevin M. Maschok, 1660 Pamona Drive, Baltimore, Md.; driving under the influence
: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
general impairment; waived to court.

Herbert L. Smith, 154 Lafayette St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver, criminal conspiracy-manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver (2 counts); waived to court.

Bridgette M. Wilson, 123 Timber Drive, Mountville; intercept communications (2
counts); waived to court.

Theresa S. Manning, 239 Roosevelt Ave.; forgery-unauthorized act in writing (2
counts), theft by deception/false impression; waived to court.

Cynthia A. Heller, 1105 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, required position/method of turning; held for court.

Michael Russ, 21 W. Water St., Jacobus; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Robert Allison, 149 S. Beaver St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Gerry Ochs, Professional Office Installers, 221 N. Duke St.; mercantile tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Ronald Young Jr., c/o York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; harassment (2
counts); pleaded guilty, served time.

Jeremiah Cotton, 819 E. Marion St., Lancaster; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
served time.

Megan Shiflett, 1207 N. George St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

James Mundy, 1638 Mount Rose Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Melissa Marcinko, 11 Lake View Drive, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Clarence Poteet III, 123 S. Queen St., Apt. 1; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Joseph Restuccia, 55 Dallas Drive, Dallastown; quarterly tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Melissa Dunn, 5445 N. George St., Manchester; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Chad Eisenhart, 1301 N. George St.; mercantile tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Dayne Williams, 1495 E. Harrisburg Pike, Middletown; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Sean Ohrum, 2021 Wyatt Circle, Dover; tax violation, mercantile tax; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rocky Shaffer, 1236 W. Market St., Apt. 2; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
served time.

Christine M. Riling, Spring Garden Apts., Box 554; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O18

LENGTH: 429 words


Asa Lovick Coxwell, 22, of the 200 block of Forrest Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 7, 2007, and was fined $810.

Connie Terisa Hopkins, 53, of the 8100 block of Sir Lancelot Court in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 17, 2007, and was fined $810.

Michael Leory Dunn, 51, of the 2500 block of Elderberry Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 18, 2007, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

Darrell E. Cowart, 52, of the 3200 block of Winn Road in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on April 24, 2007, and was sentenced to 60 days
in jail.

Robert Lynn Johnson II, 18, of the 400 block of Urial Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 11, 2007, and was sentenced to
30 days in jail.

Charles Dudley McCarthy, 47, of the 7900 block of Lakeside Drive in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 22, 2007, and was fined $810.

Joyce Delores Walker, 38, of the 100 block of Lariat Court in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on April 8, 2007, and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $810.

Lonelle Strom, 29, of the 100 block of Stevie Seymour Street in North Augusta,
S.C., was charged with driving under the influence on March 24, 2007, and was
sentenced to 12 months probation and was fined $835.

Sonya Denice Marshall, 36, of the 4600 block of Columbia Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 27, 2007, and was sentenced to
17 days in jail.

Joshua David Taylor, 18, of Evans, was charged with driving under the influence
on March 3, 2007, and was sentenced to 24 months probation and was fined $810.

Eddie Anthony Ohara, 34, of the 1100 block of Lone Oak Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 23, 2007, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $835.

Franklin Laverte Donahue, 23, of the 500 block of Gibbs Road South in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence on May 22, 2007, and was sentenced
to 60 days in jail.

Salvador Malagon Medina, 28, of the 4600 block of Renee Street in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 26, 2007, and was fined $810.

James Taylor Battles, 20, of the 400 block of Brandywine Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 23, 2007, and was sentenced to
60 days in jail.

David Paul Gibbs, 22, of the 200 block of Waters Way in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on April 3, 2007, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Memorandum: Flying While Intoxicated Statutory Class Upgrade

LENGTH: 357  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Memorandum:



   From:     Senator Anthony Williams

 To:     All Senate members

 Subject:     Flying While Intoxicated Statutory Class Upgrade



 In the near future, I will be introducing legislation to upgrade the statutory
class for the offense of operating an aircraft while under the influence of
drugs or alcohol from a misdemeanor of the second class to a felony.





 On March 26, 2016, an American Airlines pilot was arrested after he was
observed by Transportation Security Administration personnel to be visibly under
the influence of alcohol while passing through the security gate en route to a
flight from Detroit to Philadelphia. After assuming his position in the cockpit
of the aircraft, airport police investigated and discovered a serious odor of
liquor, as well as mouthwash, a clear and deliberate attempt to conceal his
condition. As he was escorted off the airplane, he exhibited other signs of
intoxication and given a breathalyzer test that confirmed the officers'
suspicions. The pilot was charged with a misdemeanor under Michigan law.



 I was shocked to learn that attempting to pilot a commercial airline, an act
that carries enormous responsibility for the safety of hundreds of lives, while
under the influence of alcohol is only a misdemeanor, both in Michigan and in
Pennsylvania. Recklessly endangering so many innocent travelers should carry a
much stiffer penalty in order to deter such behavior and protect the public.



 My legislation would upgrade the current statutory class for operating, or
attempting to operate, a commercial or private aircraft while under the
influence of alcohol, controlled substance, or any combination thereof, from a
misdemeanor of the second degree to an ungraded felony. This bill would also
provide for enhanced penalties in cases where a pilot under the influence of
drugs and/or alcohol causes serious bodily injury or death, which is also
currently a misdemeanor of the second degree in Pennsylvania.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

Crime Watch for 05/28/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Kim Powell, 1631 Monroe St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty; served time.

Ronald Waltersdorf, Waltersdorff Electric, 2295 Carlisle Road;
mercantile/business tax violation; pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.

Rachel Hannon, 1911 Baltimore Pike, East Berlin; tax violation; found guilty;
paid fine and costs.
---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim town ships.
DISPOSITIONS
Christopher Frazier, 38 Lexington Drive, Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Andrew Stahl, 120 Locust St., Hanover; retail theft, conspiracy retail theft;
waived to court.

Charles Warren, 18 Grace St., Hanover; possession with intent to deliver a
controlled substance; held for court.

Joseph Felton, 65 Fifth St., Biglerville; theft by unlawful taking or
disposition; waived to court.

Sharonda Ward, 1108 Elbank Ave., Baltimore; theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property, bad checks; held for court.

Tina Caba, 70 N. Pheasant Way, Abbottstown; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, disregard traffic laned single; waived to
court.

Justin Masters, 11 Waterfront Drive, Hanover; criminal mischief, harassment;
waived to court.

Dale Metz Jr., 304 Wirt Ave., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived
to court.

Joseph Giordano, 435 S. Queen St., Littlestown; open lewdness; pleaded guilty;
paid fine.
---
District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chanceford and Peach
Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
Henry Zaengle, 38 Woodvale Drive, Airville; driving under the influence,
speeding; waived to court.

George Freimiller, 1818 Ridge Road, Whiteford, Md.; driving under the influence,
disregard traffic lane, careless driving; held for court.

Erik Brown, 16 Red Oak Trail, Delta; driving under the influence, use/possession
of paraphernalia, small amount of marijuana, possession of controlled substance,
speeding; waived to court.

Jennifer Vaughan, 625 Main St., Rear, Delta; simple assault (2 counts),
harassment (2 counts); waived to court.

Joel Smith, 1050 Felton Road, Apt. 4, Red Lion; aggravated assault, simple
assault, terroristic threats, harassment; waived to court.

Steven Fuller Jr., 4341 Cooper Road, Whiteford, Md.; driving under the influence
, duties at stop sign, careless driving; waived to court.

Russell Gentry, 546 Auble Road, Delta; possession of a controlled substance (3
counts), receiving stolen property, possession of paraphernalia, possession of a
controlled substance; held for court.

Brett Cochran, 16 N. Atwood Road, Bel Air, Md.; driving under the influence,
speeding, suspended or revoked license, seat belt violation, minor prohibited
operating with alcohol in system, purchase etc. of alcohol by minor; waived to
court.

Lawrence Lengel, 512 River Road, Lot 22, Delta; driving under the influence,
inspection violation; held for court.

Justin Ottensmeyer, 161 Wenzel Road, Airville; driving under the influence,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Jessica Simmons, 594 Muddy Creek Forks Road, Brogue; theft by unlawful taking,
retail theft, receiving stolen property, suspended or revoked license; held for
court.

Edward Amos Jr., 51 Rock Ridge Road, Airville; driving under the influence,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

John Metzler Jr., 58C Penny Road, Holtwood; driving under the influence, duties
at stop sign, failure to use seat belt; waived to court.

Donald McCormick, 39 Papermill Road, Delta; driving under the influence,
improper sunscreening, restrictions on alcohol beverages; waived to court.

Travis Baldwin, 2511 Old Joppa Road, Joppa, Md.; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, conspiracy to commit theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Donald Mabe, 2136 Bryansville Road, Delta; driving under the influence, no
headlights; waived to court.

Peggy Alley, 19 E. Walnut St., Hanover; robbery, burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, simple assault, criminal trespass; held for court.

Javier Salas, 19 E. Walnut St., Hanover; robbery, burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, simple assault, criminal trespass; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 17, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 397 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding

warrants. Officials are asking the public for

any information about the following people,

who are identified by name, age, last known

city of residence, the charge and the bond

amount on the warrant. If you have any

information, contact the Sheriff's Department

at (208) 263-8417 or the Bonner County

Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Shelly R. Adair - 21, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Michael W. Barton - 44, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/issuing
insufficient-funds checks, $3,000 bond.

Richard V. Bertollini - 64, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $250,000 bond.

River H. Roskowyk  - 64, Sandpoint, issuing a check without funds, $2,000 bond.

David P. Burdick - 48, Dover, Idaho, failure to appear/forgery, $12,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Kasey C. Bangeman  - 20, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $3,000 bond.

Stephen W. Barnett - 44, Sagle, Idaho, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $1,300 bond.

Emily A. Baum - 21, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,500 bond.

Lisa R. Baxter - 30, Sandpoint, failure to appear/order to show cause, $254
bond.

Samuel J. Bonner- 21, Sagle, Idaho, failure to purchase a driver's license, $300
bond.

Nathaniel J. Boychief  - 18, Sandpoint, possession/purchase/consumption of
alcohol by a minor, $100 bond.

Craig D. Caldwell - 41, Spokane, parole violation/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Adam D. Comstock - 24, Newport, Wash., driving without privileges, $4,000 bond.

Terri A. Davis - 51, Naples, Idaho, failure to appear/insufficient-funds check
fraud, $6,500 bond.

Joseph D. Fromviller  - 24, Sandpoint, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $2,100 bond.

Michael J. Gore - 49, Canoga Park, Calif., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,404 bond.

Danita  K. Jiminez - 43, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery, $2,000 bond.

Kirk W. Jones - 41, Sandpoint, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $690 bond.

Kenneth C. McFadden - 41, Crestline, Calif., failure to purchase a driver's
license, $300 bond.

Niels C. Nielsen - 36, Corona, Calif., dogs at large, $300 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of

by contacting the Bonner County Courthouse

and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Daily Dish: 10/16/2015

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: DISH

LENGTH: 561 words


Two more colleges revoke Cosby's honorary degrees

BOSTON -- Two more colleges have rescinded honorary degrees given to Bill Cosby.

Tufts University in Medford says it withdrew an honorary doctorate of arts it
conferred on Cosby in 2000, along with an award given in 2011 for excellence in
children's media.

Baltimore's Goucher College, meanwhile, says it decided to revoke an honorary
degree it gave to Cosby when he was commencement speaker in 2001.

Court documents unsealed in July show the 78-year-old Cosby admitting
extramarital relationships with several women, some of whom accuse him of sexual
assault. Cosby has never been charged with a crime.

Thursday's revocations came a day after Pennsylvania's Lehigh University
rescinded an honorary degree given in 2005.

Tufts says Cosby has shown "a lack of character and integrity" that does not
represent the school's values.

Actor Stamos charged with driving under the influence

LOS ANGELES -- John Stamos has been charged with misdemeanor driving under the
influence of a drug after he was arrested for erratic driving in Beverly Hills
in June, prosecutors announced Thursday.

The "Full House" star was charged Wednesday and is due to be arraigned today.
The charging document does not identify the drug Stamos was allegedly using.

Stamos was arrested on June 12 on suspicion of driving under the influence and
was hospitalized for a possible medical condition. Police said at the time they
determined Stamos was under the influence at the hospital, but have not released
further details about the incident. If convicted, the actor faces six months in
jail.

The charges come at a busy time for Stamos, 52, who is working on a reboot of
"Full House" for Netflix and has a Fox sitcom, "Grandfathered," which premiered
on Sept. 29. The show centers on Stamos' character, who discovers he has a son
and infant granddaughter he never knew about.

Letter that Mozart penned to friend sells for $217,000

BOSTON -- A rare letter that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart composed to a friend has
sold at auction for $217,000.

The Boston-based RR Auction house says the one-page German note was written in
1786 to Austrian botanist Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin, a close friend of
Mozart's.

It asks von Jacquin to send a messenger to return three scores of music: "the
Quartet in G minor, the Sonata in Eb and the 'New Trio in G."'

The auction house didn't disclose the identity of the buyer.

RR Auction executive vice president Bobby Livingston said Thursday that Mozart
letters are among the musical items most sought by collectors.

Snooki slams Chris Christie, says expression 'full of hate'

NEW YORK -- Former "Jersey Shore" star Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi doesn't have
happy memories of meeting New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

In a book published this week, Snooki recalls that Christie's expression was
"full of hate" after she introduced herself in 2013 when both were on the
boardwalk in Seaside Heights. Their tense encounter was caught on video and
recounted in Snooki's "Strong is the New Sexy," in a passage titled "The
Governor of New Jersey Tried to Eat Me." Joking about the size of Christie, a
candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016, she writes that he
outweighed her by "a thousand pounds."

The two have feuded for years. Christie has disparaged the reality TV show as
bad for the state's image. Snooki has called him a bully.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: No Published Caption Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Heating units influence farming decisions

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


June 22--Sure, area farmers are watching the thermometer and calendar. But
they're keeping tabs on growing degree days, too: GDDs, also known as heat
units, influence decisions on everything from irrigation to the timing of
pesticide applications and have a huge impact on both yields and quality.

"It takes energy for crops, or even an insect, to grow, and heat units supply
it," says Daryl Ritchison, assistant North Dakota state climatologist.

Upper Midwest crops generally are faring better on GDDs than they were a year
ago at this time, reflecting the late spring that delayed planting and hampered
plant growth in 2014. Area fields that hadn't received enough GDDs were hurt by
September 2014 frost.

GDDs have drawn more attention in North Dakota, western South Dakota, northwest
Minnesota and Montana as corn has spread north and west across the region.

"Different crops need different amounts of heat, and corn needs more than most
other species," Ritchison says.

Many factors, including moisture and light availability, affect the healthy
progress to maturity of corn and other crops. But temperature is the most
important factor, and GDDs are a crucial measure of it.

How to measure it

GDDs -- also known as growing degree units, heat units, thermal units and
thermal time -- measure heat accumulation within a specified temperature range.
Little, if any, growth occurs when the temperature falls below a threshold or
base temperature, while plants are stressed if the upper threshold temperature
is exceeded. The key is accumulating the right amount of heat day by day for
plants to move properly from one point to another in their life cycle.

The threshold temperatures vary by crop. With corn, for instance, the lower base
is 50 degrees and the higher base is 86 degrees. Other crops grown in the region
generally have both a lower and higher base than corn, which needs more heat.

GDDs for a crop are calculated by subtracting its individual lower threshold
temperature from the average daily air temperature. The latter, in turn, is
calculated by averaging the daily maximum and minimum air temperatures measured
in a 24-hour period.

There are many sources of information on GDDs, including state extension
services, state National Agricultural Statistic Services offices and state
climate centers. The North Dakota State Climate Office, for instances, operates
the North Dakota Agricultural Weather Network, which provides GDDs for locations
across the state, as well as for a handful of sites in South Dakota, Montana and
Minnesota.

One of the best sources is Useful to Usable, or U2U, a U.S. Department of
Agriculture-funded research and extension project that seeks to make Midwestern
farms more resilient and profitable, given the changing climate. It offers an
online interactive GDD tool available at www.mygeohub.org/groups/u2u/gdd.

___ (c)2015 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150622-AW-Heating-units-influence-farming-decisions-20150622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2015 Agweek


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            January 18, 2008 Friday

Crime Watch for 01/16/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Randy Lee Smith, c/o SCI Camp Hill, criminal conspiracy to commit retail theft,
retail theft; waived to court.

Shaun David Zimmerman, 2318 Beacon Hill Road, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: high rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, required financial responsibility,
driving under suspension; waived to court.

Randall Ray Roschel, 235 Quaking Aspen Drive, Marietta; driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, accident involving damage to unattended
vehicle/property, immediate notice of accident to police, accident involving
damage to attended vehicle/property, careless driving; waived to court.

William U. Blymire III, 3745 Compton Lane; theft by unlawful taking or
disposition; held for court.

Ken R. Newcomer Jr., 2289 Fairway Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Dale T. Johnson, 18 Bramble Lane, West Grove; possession of controlled
substance; possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

W. Allen Axe, 131 Silver Spur Drive, Apt. B-1; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, period
for requiring lighted lamps; waived to court.

Valerie M. Kahler, 205 Fig Tree Way, Manchester; retail theft; waived to court.

Rhonda J. Johnson, 344 Edgewood Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Kristen J. Hankey, 131 Silver Spur Drive, Apt. C-3; marijuana-small amount for
personal use, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court in absentia.

Megan N. Langrall, 235 W. Chestnut St., Unit 805, Washington; use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.
---
District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chanceford and Peach
Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
Glenn W. Krout Jr., 328 Gemmill Road, Delta; simple assault, harassment;
dismissed.

Matthew Miller, 5513 Delta Road, Delta; unlawful taking or possession of game or
wildlife; found guilty at trial.

Ray Biondi Jr., P.O. Box 326, Delta; unlawful taking or possession of game or
wildlife; found guilty at trial.

Kimberly Zelenka, 641 Hook Road, Westminster, Md.; driving under the influence,
roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Jamie L. Goulden, 1325 Arthur St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty.

Megan Kubiak, 3065 Persimmon Drive; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty.

Nicole Wright, 84 Starboard Court, Perryville, Md.; criminal trespass; found
guilty at trial.
---
District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships; Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Alane C. Miller, 591 Pumping Station Road, Hanover; accident involving damage to
attended vehicle/property; waived to court.

Leeann M. Pasquoche, 752 W. Broadway, Red Lion; theft, theft from a motor
vehicle, receiving stolen property, criminal conspiracy; waived to court.

Chester Wallick, 208 Country Ridge Drive; indecent assault, corruption of
minors, contact/communication with minor-sexual offense, corruption of minors;
waived to court.

Christopher Armagost, 88 N. Main St., Spring Grove; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Shane Krout, 2920 Holley Road, Glen Rock; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Brandon Koehler, 4567 Holtzschwamm Road, Thomasville; harassment; pleaded
guilty, sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Holly A. Feudale, c/o York County Prison; robbery, conspire robbery, theft; held
for court.

Andrew Moore, 1931 Cedar Drive, Spring Grove; driving under the influence,
alcohol by minor, no passing zones; waived to court.

Angelica L. Nelson, 2895 Daron Road, Spring Grove; simple assault, harassment;
held for court.

Alan D. Hickman, c/o York County Prison; robbery, conspire robbery, theft;
waived to court.

Richard C. Ward, 1015 Trinity Road; forgery, identity theft, simple assault;
waived to court.

Shardell Blessley, 10 Lafeyette, Apt. 21, Hanover; harassment; pleaded guilty,
sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Curtis L. Cullison Jr., 1339 Wanda Drive, Hanover; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 3, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1247 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Clay Brant, employee of Polin and Young Construction Inc., reported Monday $310
graffiti damage to a trailer and cement wall at a construction site in the 1400
block of Northwest Boulevard.

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Carol Beatty, Hayden, reported Monday the $350 theft of a bicycle from her home
in the 500 block of Orchard Avenue.

Eric Payne, manager of Collision Repair, reported Monday the $4,800 theft of two
tires and custom wheels from the business at 1770 W. Hayden Ave.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Timothy S. Palmer, 38, Spokane; operating a watercraft/boating under the
influence; $1,000 fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended)
or 16 hours county work program, two years probation.

Alexander R. Feierabend, 23, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($250 suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Joseph E. Robinson, 39, Post Falls; reckless driving; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, two years probation.

Gerald V. Conway, 52, Lewiston; boating - negligent operation; $300 fine, $450
reimbursement to county, 30 days in jail (suspended), two years probation.

Jerrod L. Baugh, 25, Smelterville; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Frank L. Mokry Jr., 34, Plummer; driving without privileges; $500 fine ($250
suspended), 90 days in jail (80 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program,
180 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Earl L. Price, 45, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Tyler J. Geren, 22, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (140 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 20 days
unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Briana N. West, 21, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days
in jail (152 days suspended) or 64 hours county work program, 20 days
unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON

Jeffery D. Conner, 34, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

JUDGE PATRICK MCFADDEN

Nevada J. Jackson, 32, Spirit Lake; disturbing the peace; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, one year probation.

JUDGE JOHN LUSTER

Robert J. Clemens, 25, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: felony grand theft; three years
determinate penitentiary time, five years indeterminate penitentiary time. Count
II: felony forgery; three years determinate penitentiary time, five years
indeterminate penitentiary time. Penitentiary time concurrent.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Potlatch #1 Federal Credit Union v. James Mossor, seeking $9,858.

Matthew Studor v. Lewis Purcell, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

David Finley and Sarah Finley v. Luke Prince Jr., dba Agape Designs, seeking an
amount to be proved at trial.

Silverstone Investments v. Krisstina Veentjer, Jon Veentjer and Nicole Veentjer,
seeking $2,393.

Capital One Bank v. Trevor Petersen, seeking $2,471.

Potlatch #1 Federal Credit Union v. Daniel Dodd, seeking $3,797.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Tammy Hanley, seeking $1,867.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Klay Maxwell, seeking $1,381.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. Artscape Landscaping LLC and Jayson Frank,
seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. Coeur d'Alene Community Theater and Academy
Inc., dba Lake City Playhouse and Brian Doig, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. Arterra Custom Homes of Idaho LLC, Arterra
Management Co. and Herb Antone, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Douglas Dross, seeking $2,636.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Linda Lancaster, fka Bush, seeking $1,515.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Sandra Bowman, seeking $3,896.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Willis Orchard, aka Scott Orchard, and Vicki Orchard,
seeking $1,028.

Asset Recovery Group Inc. v. Eric St. Marie, seeking $1,695.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Michael Harrison, seeking $3,659.

Chapman Financial Services v. Jon Olson and Tonya Olson, seeking $1,250.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gabriel Gardner, seeking $1,275.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Murphy and Cheryl Murphy, seeking $1,600.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Wesley Meeks and Maria Meeks, seeking $3,037.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

ACS Inc. of Idaho v Kelly Brown, plaintiff awarded $3,795.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Howard Houchens, plaintiff awarded $2,584.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jessica Bolt Munsey and Joshua Munsey,
plaintiff awarded $1,337.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gregory Mills and Lynda Mills, plaintiff
awarded $1,004.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Luci Deltoro, plaintiff awarded $4,377.

North Idaho Masonry and Hardscape Center Inc. v. Anderson Construction,
plaintiff awarded $6,676.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lawrence Clifford and Tina Clifford,
plaintiff awarded $5,477.

Ford Motor Credit Co. v. Barton Wood and Yvonne Wood, plaintiff awarded $15,055.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Valarie Bailey, plaintiff awarded $2,311.

Prime Source Credit Union v. Michael Kent and Jessica Roberts, plaintiff awarded
$3,048.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Sandra Williams, plaintiff awarded $1,882.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Gary Trone, plaintiff awarded $1,362.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. John Ford, plaintiff awarded $2,877.

Karrie Krieger v. Donald Demotte, plaintiff awarded $3,571.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brock Larson, plaintiff awarded $3,409.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Monica Eggert, plaintiff awarded $3,195.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Kristy Peterson.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Ryan Peppers.

CACV of Colorado LLC v. Marcus and Glenda Leader.

Jodie Smith v. Heather Kerns and Matthew Kerns.

CACV of Colorado LLC v. Steven Smith and Kathy Smith.

Robert Wilhelm v. Jeri Ferdinand.

NCO Financial Systems Inc. v. Heidi Rasor.

Laura Whitby v. Jamie Sedlmayer and Dustin Eldred.

Discover Bank v. Jason Hacker.

Worldwide Asset Purchasing LLC v. Daniel Clark.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Heather O'Hara.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Donald Greever.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Tyson Donneaud.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Dave Long.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Matt Hopper.

Midland Credit Management Inc. v. Shelly Lee.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jamie Zimmerman.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Todd Somers.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Seth Waddell.

Longview Fibre Paper & Packaging Inc. v. Inland Pacific LLC.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Gwendolen Johnson from William Johnson.

Lisa Finan from Jeffrey Finan.

Tammy Cass from Mark Cass.

Chester Allen from Linda Allen.

Jeffrey Harris from Wendi Harris.

Tina Pluid from Larry Pluid.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Deborah Werts from William Werts.

Curtiss Fillmore from Sandra McFarland.

Rochel Stith from Jason Stith.

Steven Ferry Sr. from Dawn Ferry.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 30, 2006 Tuesday
                                   0 Edition

Reid defends his free tickets

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; RICHMOND, VA.; BARDSTOWN, KY.; MYRTLE BEACH, S.C.


WASHINGTON - Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid accepted free ringside tickets
from the Nevada Athletic Commission to three professional boxing matches while
that state agency was trying to influence him on federal regulation of boxing.

Reid, D-Nev., took the free seats for Las Vegas fights from 2003 to 2005 as he
was pressing legislation to increase government oversight of the sport,
including the creation of a federal boxing commission that Nevada's agency
feared might usurp its authority.

He defended the gifts, saying that they would never influence his position on
the bill and that he was simply trying to learn how his legislation might affect
an important home state industry. "Anyone from Nevada would say I'm glad he is
there taking care of the state's No. 1 businesses," he said.

"I love the fights anyways, so it wasn't like being punished," added Reid, a
former boxer and boxing judge.

Senate ethics rules generally allow lawmakers to accept gifts from federal,
state or local governments, but specifically warn against taking such gifts when
they might be connected to efforts to influence official actions.

Several ethics experts said Reid should have paid for the tickets, which were
worth between several hundred and several thousand dollars each, to avoid the
appearance he was being influenced by gifts.

Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., paid $1,400 for the tickets he shared with Reid for a
2004 championship fight. Sen. John Ensign, R-Nev., accepted free tickets to
another fight with Reid but already had recused himself from Reid's federal
boxing legislation.

Two die, 11 injured in fire at retirement home complex

RICHMOND, Va. - Fire broke out at a retirement home complex early Monday,
killing two women and injuring 11 other residents, fire officials said.

Several of those taken to hospitals suffered life-threatening injuries, Richmond
Fire Marshal Keith Vida said. One man was in critical condition.

At least one loud boom preceded the fire at Imperial Plaza, officials and
residents said. Authorities said they hadn't determined the fire's cause.

The blaze began in an apartment on the fifth floor of the nine-story building
and quickly spread to the apartment above, Vida said. All of the more than 200
residents were evacuated.

Skydivers collide at 200 feet;  one dies, one hospitalized


BARDSTOWN, Ky. - Two skydivers collided about 200 feet above the ground and
their parachutes deflated, causing the divers to plummet, authorities said. One
later died.

John Kevin Benningfield, 33, was pronounced dead at Flaget Memorial Hospital,
Nelson County Coroner Joseph Greenwell said Sunday.

The other skydiver, Chris Snellen, was flown by helicopter to University
Hospital in Louisville, where he was in fair condition on Monday, hospital
officials said.

Snellen, an instructor at the Greene County Sport Parachute Center, broke his
leg, according to the center's owners.

The collision happened Saturday, the center's last jump of the day, said Kenn
Heismann, one of its owners.

Because the skydivers were so close to the ground, there was no time for the
parachutes to reinflate, Heismann said. Snellen's fall was braced by a tree.

Heismann said both were "very competent jumpers."

After 15 years, former POW gets letter from interrogator

MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. - A retired Air Force officer held as a prisoner of war by
Iraqi forces 15 years ago has received an unusual reminder of his days in
captivity: a letter from his Iraqi interrogator.

Jeff Fox, a retired lieutenant colonel, said he was surprised when a handwritten
note arrived this month from Ibrahim Abd Al-tialb. In the letter, the former
Iraqi army colonel recalled the day the men crossed paths at a prison near
Baghdad and said he still has a few items Fox gave him, including his watch.

Fox was blindfolded, beaten, thrown in a car trunk and held in solitary
confinement during his 15 days in captivity. He said he recalls being
interrogated by Abd Al-tialb in February 1991 and described him as a decent man.

"I do think back, but it doesn't bring back any stress or anything," Fox, 55,
told the Sun News of Myrtle Beach. "I remember him saying it was a mistake ...
Iraq invading Kuwait."

The letter was given to an Air Force sergeant three years ago, Fox said. The
sergeant couldn't locate Fox until he recently searched the Internet.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; PHOTO, ASSOCIATED PRESS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DIGEST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Daily Dish: 10/16/2015

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: CELEBRITY NEWS; Gossip

LENGTH: 561 words


Two more colleges revoke Cosby's honorary degrees

BOSTON -- Two more colleges have rescinded honorary degrees given to Bill Cosby.

Tufts University in Medford says it withdrew an honorary doctorate of arts it
conferred on Cosby in 2000, along with an award given in 2011 for excellence in
children's media.

Baltimore's Goucher College, meanwhile, says it decided to revoke an honorary
degree it gave to Cosby when he was commencement speaker in 2001.

Court documents unsealed in July show the 78-year-old Cosby admitting
extramarital relationships with several women, some of whom accuse him of sexual
assault. Cosby has never been charged with a crime.

Thursday's revocations came a day after Pennsylvania's Lehigh University
rescinded an honorary degree given in 2005.

Tufts says Cosby has shown "a lack of character and integrity" that does not
represent the school's values.

Actor Stamos charged with driving under the influence

LOS ANGELES -- John Stamos has been charged with misdemeanor driving under the
influence of a drug after he was arrested for erratic driving in Beverly Hills
in June, prosecutors announced Thursday.

The "Full House" star was charged Wednesday and is due to be arraigned today.
The charging document does not identify the drug Stamos was allegedly using.

Stamos was arrested on June 12 on suspicion of driving under the influence and
was hospitalized for a possible medical condition. Police said at the time they
determined Stamos was under the influence at the hospital, but have not released
further details about the incident. If convicted, the actor faces six months in
jail.

The charges come at a busy time for Stamos, 52, who is working on a reboot of
"Full House" for Netflix and has a Fox sitcom, "Grandfathered," which premiered
on Sept. 29. The show centers on Stamos' character, who discovers he has a son
and infant granddaughter he never knew about.

Letter that Mozart penned to friend sells for $217,000

BOSTON -- A rare letter that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart composed to a friend has
sold at auction for $217,000.

The Boston-based RR Auction house says the one-page German note was written in
1786 to Austrian botanist Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin, a close friend of
Mozart's.

It asks von Jacquin to send a messenger to return three scores of music: "the
Quartet in G minor, the Sonata in Eb and the 'New Trio in G."'

The auction house didn't disclose the identity of the buyer.

RR Auction executive vice president Bobby Livingston said Thursday that Mozart
letters are among the musical items most sought by collectors.

Snooki slams Chris Christie, says expression 'full of hate'

NEW YORK -- Former "Jersey Shore" star Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi doesn't have
happy memories of meeting New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

In a book published this week, Snooki recalls that Christie's expression was
"full of hate" after she introduced herself in 2013 when both were on the
boardwalk in Seaside Heights. Their tense encounter was caught on video and
recounted in Snooki's "Strong is the New Sexy," in a passage titled "The
Governor of New Jersey Tried to Eat Me." Joking about the size of Christie, a
candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016, she writes that he
outweighed her by "a thousand pounds."

The two have feuded for years. Christie has disparaged the reality TV show as
bad for the state's image. Snooki has called him a bully.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

FIFTEEN MINUTES: HOMAGE TO ANDY WARHOL

BYLINE: MAGGIE DUFFY

SECTION: WEEKEND; ART PLANNER; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 392 words


Andy Warhol began his career using influences from pop culture and ended up
being the influence on pop culture. A new exhibition at the Ringling College of
Art and Design in Sarasota celebrates his far-reaching influence by featuring
works and recordings by artists, writers and performers who knew or were
inspired by Warhol, including Bob Dylan, Patti Smith and Nat Finkelstein, whose
photo of Warhol and Dylan is pictured. Organized and produced by Jeff Gordon and
Path Soong, known collectively as Wu-Shan Inc., the exhibition juxtaposes
12-by-12-inch screen prints with an audio work created in homage to Warhol. For
example, Finkelstein's photo of Warhol and Dylan in the Factory with one of
Warhol's Elvis paintings in the background is accompanied by Dylan's song When I
Paint My Masterpiece, in which he critiques the Warholian notion of fame. The
exhibit opens Monday at the Willis Smith Gallery, located in the Larry R.
Thompson Academic Center at 2363 Old Bradenton Road. An opening reception is
from 4:30-7 p.m. Tuesday. ringling.edu.

* * *

GOOD DEEDS: PAINT IT FORWARD AT CASS

Cass Contemporary in Tampa has been responsible for introducing our area to new
contemporary artists, often street artists, from around the world. They also
feature local and regional artists and support emerging artists. For the Paint
It Forward exhibition, 15 established artists were invited to exhibit work
alongside the work of an emerging artist of their choice. Among them is Los
Angeles-based Tristan Eaton, a prominent street artist whose murals can be found
around the world, including in Tampa on Bern's Steak House's wine warehouse,
pictured. Eaton also designed the iconic Kidrobot Dunny and Munny art toys.
He'll be at the opening reception from 7-10 p.m. Friday, featuring food and
drinks from Bern's, Rooster & the Till, Haven and Coppertail Brewing Co. 2722 S
MacDill Ave. casscontemporary.com.

* * *

WEATHER PERMITTING: TOUR DE SHINE

Last month, the bicycle tour of the St. Petersburg murals from the Shine
festival was canceled due to bad weather. The next tour is at 10 a.m. Sunday,
and they will honor tickets from the canceled tour. For $20, you'll view and
learn about 30 murals. It launches from the St. Petersburg Bicycle Cooperative,
559 Mirror Lake Drive N. One tour each month continues through May. (813)
263-8600. shineonstpete.com/tours.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - SCOTT PURKS - Special to the Times PHOTO - Photo by Nat
Finkelstein

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2017 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 21, 2009 Monday

More Crime Watch for 12/21/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 426 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Jason Richard Holjes, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Stephanie Dell, Etters; possess access device knowing it is counterfeit; waived
to court.

Jessica Marie Albright, Enola; driving under the influence, careless driving,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Brandon W. Terry, Etters; receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Terry Dale Bowen, Camp Hill; driving under the influence, speeding; waived to
court.

Donald Ray Gonder, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving while
operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to court.

Richard R. Stone, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; held for court.

Annmarie Huggins, York Haven; back checks-court case; held for court.

Joshua M. Beatty, Harrisburg; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Jared M. Schaner, Harrisburg; theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Brandon Hensel Schnet zka, theft by deception-false impression, fraud
alter/forge/counter title registration; held for court.

Joshua Paul Cipriani, Pittsburgh; firearm not to be carried without a license;
waived to court.

Frederick Scott Rawling, York Haven; theft of leased property; held for court.

Jeremy J. Derrickson, Etters; criminal mischief, harassment; held for court.

Jeffrey Lee McCartney, Manchester; disorderly conduct; moved to non-traffic.

Kenneth Michael Ule rick, Middletown; terrorist threats with intent to
terrorize, stalking, simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Chad Smith, Manchester; theft by unlawful taking-movable property, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Dallas James Hacken berg, York Haven; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Donald Ray Gonder, Camp Hill; unauthorized use of motor/other vehicles, driving
while operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to court.

Susan Dawn Kemper, Manchester; driving under the influence, driving at safe
speed, failure to use safety belt system; waived to court.

Peter Kazantsev, driving under the influence, passing in lane adjacent to
emergency responding area; waived to court.

Terry David Lake, driving under the influence, speeding, disregard traffic lane
(single); held for court.

Terry Lee Gettys, New Cumberland; habitual offenders, driving license suspended
or revoked pursuant to sec. 3731/3802; waived to court.

Nicholas Joseph Giulivo, Middletown; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
corruption of minors, driving under the influence; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             April 25, 2008 Friday

Interstate Tolling; Drunk Driving; Funk'

BYLINE: Editorials

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 682  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


SHORT TAKES

Pennsylvania isn't the only state to consider tolling an interstate highway to
generate funds for highway and bridge construction and repair. New Jersey,
Virginia and Missouri are doing so, too. And all the interstates in question
slice through Pennsylvania at some point.

New Jersey is weighing the tolling of its portion of Interstate 78, which
connects central Pennsylvania with New York City, and I-80, which stretches from
New Jersey to California while crossing the northern tier of the Keystone State.

Virginia is considering putting tolls on its stretch of I-81, which travels
north and south through central and eastern Pennsylvania.

Missouri may toll Interstate 70, which picks up central Pennsylvania at the
Maryland border and heads through southwestern Pennsylvania as it makes its way
to Utah.

Proposals in these states were greeted with the same objection raised by
Pennsylvanians opposed to tolling Interstate 80: Businesses along a
limited-access interstate would suffer.

Yet, tolls appeal to those who like the idea that they would be paid, in large
part, by out-of-state drivers.

I don't mind Pennsylvania residents that work in New York paying extra, said New
Jersey lawmaker Steve Shriver.

States are scrambling for alternatives to financing transportation improvements
other than by raising gasoline and other taxes or sharply increasing turnpike
tolls.

The interest (in tolling interstates) is growing and growing, said James Ray,
acting administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, which would have to
sign off on any tolling plan.

If these other states resort to tolling and set up toll booths along the
Pennsylvania border, it could increase the pressure on Pennsylvania to do the
same with its stretch of I-80 or some other interstate that passes through the
state.

The state of Wisconsin should rethink its public-education campaign against
drunken driving.

Wisconsin leads the way in driving under the influence, with more than a quarter
of the state's adult drivers admitting to it, according to a new government
report.

Utah had the lowest incidence, with fewer than 10 percent of adults reporting
they drove after drinking.

Experts say cultural and demographic issues contribute to the higher rate of
driving under the influence in Wisconsin and other states.

A good part of the social life is around drinking, said researcher Eric
Goplerud, of George Washington University Medical Center.

In Utah, where Mormons are the majority residents, alcohol use is low because
their religion prohibits it.

Generally speaking, driving under the influence is more prevalent in the North
than the South, according to the report.

Pennsylvania had a rate of 14.8 percent.

Nationwide, the rate was 15.1 percent - an estimated 30.5 million people.

The first-of-its-kind report, the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, asked
127,283 adults in 2004, 2005 and 2006 whether they had driven under the
influence in the past year,

It's illegal to drive with a blood-alcohol or BAC content of 0.08 or higher.

According to the government, there were more than 16,000 deaths in 2004 caused
by accidents in which a driver was operating a vehicle under the influence.

Hershey is in a funk. Sales are flat and the stock price has dropped 33 percent
in the past year.

The candy company told shareholders this week that it's working hard to improve
its performance.

But don't expect a quick turnaround.

At the annual shareholders meeting at the Giant Center, executives said to
expect a continued drop in earnings this year due to higher commodity and energy
costs, along with increased promotional spending on core products.

Shareholder Charles Snyder of Lancaster, who was among the 1,400 people who
attended the meeting, said he's concerned about Hershey's performance, but
they're not the only company that is in bad shape.

Hershey leadership has just gone through a rough patch, with former CEO Richard
Lenny abruptly retiring and a shake-up of the board of the Hershey Trust Co.,
which has a controlling stake in the company. For shareholders, Hershey
apparently isn't as sweet as it once was.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

More Crime Watch for 8/10/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 994 words


District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships; Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Kaprisha Latai Moore, 831 W. Poplar St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Alex Deon Robinson, 22 Jamison Drive; terroristic threats, simple assault;
waived to court.

Brett Daniel Sauerberger, 407 Manor North Hall, P.O. Box 131; marijuana-small
amount for personal use, possession of drug paraphernalia; maximum speed limits;
waived to court.

Ann Marie Gowen, P.O. Box 396, 3279 Broad St., Emigsville; possession of small
amount of marijuana, obedience to traffic control devices; waived to court.

Joshua Thomas Nicholas, 4138 Trowbridge Road; possession of drug paraphernalia,
underage alcohol; held for court.

Jennifer Rebecca Tredway, 974 E. King St., second floor; retail theft; waived to
court.

Joseph Michael Bailey, 2703 Mohawk, Finksburg, Md.; possession of marijuana,
possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Angel Santos Rivera-Silva, 8 N. Marshall St., Lancaster; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, careless driving, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Jason T. Geary, 2410 Berryhill St., Harrisburg; possession of small amount of
marijuana; waived to court.

Antonio Patterson, 16 Jones Valley Circle, Baltimore, Md.; theft by deception;
waived to court.

Mark W. Tanner, P.O. Box 581 Cockeysville, Md.; theft by deception; held for
court in absentia.

Spencer Sumler, 7027 McClean Blvd., Baltimore, Md.; bad checks; held for court
in absentia.

Sheryl Lynne Garber, 435 Ginger Circle; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Brian Lynn Sinclair, 1194 Knightsview Drive, Wrightsville; recklessly
endangering another person, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Charles Kenneth Orwig, 1910 Wyatt Circle, Dover; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Jason P. Brinig, 156 S. Albemarle St.; procure for self/other drug by fraud;
waived to court.

Marc Steven Mentzer, 2117 Saddleridge Road, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: minors, resisting arrest/other law
enforcement, underage alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Ian Purves, Jacques, 2221 E. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
driving under the influence: minors; waived to court.

---
District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships; Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Donald L. Antolick, P.O. Box 95, Valley Falls, N.Y.; terroristic threats; held
for court.

Eric Peter Pierson, 226 N. Hartman St.; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking/disposition; waived to court.

Scott Adrian Johnson, 132 Brook Lane, Wrightsville; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Henry Myers III, 1 Cedar Terrace, Columbia; escape, possession of drug
paraphernalia, flee/attempt to elude police, driving under suspension-driving
under the influence related, display plate card in improper vehicle; waived to
court.

Douglas Eugene Laws, 725 S. Court Ave; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Jennie Marie Verhovshek, 11855 Pomraning Road, Brogue; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Philip Sheridan Fry Jr., 58 State St., first floor; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Christina M. Clancy, 1045 E. Market St., first floor; possession of controlled
substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Vladislav N. Mantsevich, 322 Wynwood Road; unlawful delivery of marijuana,
possession with intent to deliver marijuana; waived to court.

Laura Marie Miller, 1840 Bradfield Drive, No. 33, Mount Joy; driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Hosea Summerville, 216 Charlan Blvd., Mount Joy; bad checks; waived to court.

William J. Spotts, 4148 Trowbridge Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, flee/attempt to elude police, restrictions on alcoholic beverages,
driving under suspension-driving under the influence related, stop/yield signs;
waived to court.

Richard Arden Rozell, 55 Governor's Place @ Waterford; simple assault; waived to
court.

William J. Spotts, 4148 Trowbridge Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, failure to
keep right, driving under suspension-driving under the influence related; waived
to court.

Travis Jay Barshinger, 2477 Freysville Road, Red Lion; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, driving vehicle at safe speed; waived to court.

Jovanina Ivelys Bair, 728 S. Queen St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

Michael Allen Ernst, 170 W. Market St., Hallam; driving under the influence:
general impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence-minors, fleeing or
attempting to elude officer; waived to court.

Craig Maurice Williams, 304 S. Rockford Road, Mountville; driving under the
influence: controlled substance, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-impaired ability; waived to court.

William Wright Jr., 27 W. South St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

Gregg Scott Reynolds, 235 Hillside Terrace; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Robert E. Kitchen Jr., 703 Grange Hall Road, Millersville; harassment-committed
lewd, threatening, etc. language; waived to court.

Felix Angel Perez, 701 Steeplechase Road, Landisville; intent to possess
controlled substance by person not registered; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Warriors' Marreese Speights arrested for allegedly driving under the influence
in Tampa

BYLINE: By Diamond Leung

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 154 words


Warriors center Marreese Speights was arrested on a charge of driving under the
influence the morning after his 27thbirthday early Tuesday in Tampa, according
to the Tampa Police Department.Speights was arrested at 3:31 a.m. ET after
submitting to two breathalyzer tests showing blood alcohol contents of .103 and
.106, according to officer Derek Lang.Speights became involved in a traffic stop
after an officer pulled him over due to a failure to yield right of way while
pulling out of a driveway in a black 2012 Bentley, according to Lang. He was
booked and later released on $500 bond.Speights, who won a national championship
playing for the University of Florida, averaged 6.4 points and 3.7 rebounds in
his first year of a three-year, $11 million contract with the Warriors last
season.

The post Warriors' Marreese Speights arrested for allegedly driving under the
influence in Tampa appeared first on Inside the Warriors .

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Golden State Warriors' Marreese Speights (5) drives through the hoop
against the New Orleans Pelicans in the first half of a NBA game at the Oracle
Arena in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2013. (Ray Chavez/Bay Area News
Group)
Golden State Warriors' Marreese Speights (5) eyes the hoop as New Orleans
Pelicans' Al-Farouq Aminu (0) and Lou Amundson (17) look on in the second half
of a NBA game at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2013.
Warriors won 104-93. (Ray Chavez/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Mild times for Berks, nation

BYLINE: Keith Mayer, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


Jan. 09--If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.

But there's nowhere to go: The entire U.S. is the kitchen.

Last year tied the record for warmest year in Berks County, and nationally it
was the warmest by a wide margin.

The warmth will certainly be viewed as boosting claims of man-made climate
influences. But not all see it that way.

Michael Pigott, senior meteorologist with AccuWeather near State College, said
prevailing weather patterns have kept Arctic air from escaping the polar region,
keeping areas to the south relatively balmy year-round.

"The weak highs won't push the cold air out," he said, noting the general
pattern has been in place for nearly three years, since the cold and snow of
February 2010.

The 2012 average annual temperature of 56.3 degrees in Berks tied 1998 in
records that date to 1898, according to the National Weather Service.

In Berks, the warmth was fueled by a mild winter, a balmy spring, a scorching
July and a tepid December. An oddly cold November was exceptional for the year.

Nearby, Allentown, Philadelphia and Trenton, N.J., marked warmest years.

In the wider region, Syracuse, N.Y.; Burlington, Vt.; and Washington were among
those with warmest showings.

The three past years were among the 10 warmest years in Berks and the region.
The data that go into the calculations is from ground stations.

Man-made global warming advocates point to the ground station data as evidence
of human influence. Critics say the human influence is urban sprawl that is
skewing the temperatures up because of all the concrete and asphalt, which form
what are termed urban heat islands.

Jeffrey R. Stoudt, Berks weather historian and organizer of the Berks Area
Rainfall Network, isn't sure what caused the warm 2012, but suggests the heavy
snows from three years ago have had a lingering influence.

"The blocking pattern that triggered the snow blitz of February 2010 circulated
much mild maritime North Atlantic air into eastern Canada, resulting in
persistent much-above-normal winter temperatures for that region, and eastern
Canada is our region's primary source for frigid temperatures," he said. "That
warmth has persisted, though not quite as extreme as a year or two ago."

Stoudt, a Lincoln Park native, is a meteorologist who works for a federal
climate agency but not in a forecasting capacity.

Contact Keith Mayer: 610-371-5082 or kmayer@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130109-RE-Mild-times-for-Berks-nation-0109-20130109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 10, 2009 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 310 words


NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

Homar I. Garcia, 32, Spokane; driving under the influence (excessive); $2,000
fine ($1,000 suspended), 365 days in jail (272 suspended), 365 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Catherine E. Heath, 46, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON

Brandon E. Hills, 32, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence, amended to
reckless driving; $750 fine, 14 days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Laurinda U. Lashbrook, 51, Otis Orchards; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (120 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180
days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Chapman Financial Services Inc v. Desiree Dickson aka Desiree Greffet, plaintiff
awarded $1,703.

Chapman Financial Services Inc v. Dwight Grassle and Kimberly Grassle, plaintiff
awarded $3,661.

The Leasing Company LLC v. James Patrick and Deborah Patrick, plaintiff awarded
$24,684.

Upper Canada Forest Products v. Todd Schild and Blackstone Finish and Trim
Company, plaintiff awarded $15,036.

Sterling Savings Bank v. Terri Wayman, plaintiff awarded $6,434.

ACS Inc of Idaho v. Russell Herrin, plaintiff awarded $2,162.

Electrical Distributing Inc v. David Lepard and Corey Lepard dba 3D Inc dba
Steinley's, plaintiff awarded $8,666.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Arrow Financial Services LLC v. Jeffrey Wilson.

FIA Card Services NA v. Jeffrey Wilson.

Palisades Collection LLC v. Jeffrey Wilson.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Barbara Merritt.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Tina A. Tilton from James L. Tilton.

Charlene L. Vandoren from Stanley D. Vandoren.

Joseph Haller v. Shelly Haller.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Artist set to discuss Dia de los Muertos

BYLINE: By, Shannon Seyler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 601 words


SILVER CITY - Dia de los Muertos celebrations are not native to New Mexico, but
the colorful holiday that lets people remember and honor friends and relatives
who have died has been growing in popularity.

"The history of Día de Muertos is multicultural," says artist Catalina
Delgado-Trunk. "It combines influences from both Europe and Mesoamerica, and
goes back farther than most people realize. We cannot disregard the pre-colonial
cultural influence upon Día de Muertos customs and observations."

Delgado-Trunk will be speaking about Day of the Dead customs and cultural
influences in a free lecture, "History and Evolution of the Día de Muertos
Tradition in Mexico" at 6:30 p.m. Wednesday at Parotti Hall on the Western New
Mexico University campus. It will be followed by a reception at McCray Gallery.
The artist's appearance is part of WNMU's Edwina and Charles Milner Women in the
Arts series, and coincides with the Silver City Días de los Muertos festival.

"European influences were certainly a factor, as well," Delgado-Trunk added.
"Europe had been strongly affected by the Black Death. Given the staggering
death toll from disease, wars, infant mortality and other factors, death was all
around them. Images of death surfaced in Catholic rites and local customs and
practices, such as Danse Macabre and mementos mori. But even prior to that,
there had been death and dying motifs in pre-Christian European religions."

Delgado-Trunk will discuss the effects of syncretism, the blending of beliefs,
cultural influences and folkways.

"In the case of Día de Muertos, European influences became mingled with
pre-conquest traditions already present in Mexico and other areas where the
Spanish settled," she said.

Delgado-Trunk is the winner of the 2015 Governor's Award for Excellence in the
Arts. Her art has been displayed in many galleries and museums, including the
National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C., Crystal Bridges
Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Arkansas, the 21st Century Museum of
Contemporary Art in Kanazawa, Japan, and the National Hispanic Cultural Center
in Albuquerque.

"I grew up in Mexico City, and was a teacher. I taught ballet and French, but
later, went into art, completely reinventing myself. I studied drawing and
design. Going back to my roots, I found great inspiration in folk art
traditions, but wanted to take those influences and inspirations to a higher
level," said Delgado-Trunk.

Working meticulously with paper and a knife, Delgado-Trunk produces intricate
papel picado (cut paper) art that blends pre-Columbian stories and images with
contemporary subjects.

"Her artwork is absolutely incredible, and her imagery is fascinating," said
Faye McCalmont, special assistant to the president for cultural affairs at WNMU.
"When you see the extreme detail and realize the many hours of painstaking labor
it takes to create one of her pieces, you begin to get a glimpse of her
dedication and passion for the story she tells with each one."

Along with the lecture and opening reception, there will be a community ofrenda
in honor of Día de Muertos.

"This is about the community," said Delgado-Trunk. "Although my art will be
featured, it's not just about me. It's about everyone, and that includes
everyone who has gone before us."

The lecture and exhibit are free to the public, and are being sponsored by the
WNMU Office of Cultural Affairs and the Western Institute for Lifelong Learning
(WILL). The art will be available for viewing at McCray Gallery through Dec. 16.

To learn more about Catalina Delgado-Trunk and her art, visit
www.calaca-arts.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: scs


                      Copyright 2016 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            January 5, 2010 Tuesday

Police Roundup

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 332 words


Brattleboro

-- Todd Golden, 41, of Pawtucket, R.I., was arrested by Vermont State Police for
driving under the influence on Jan. 4 near Exit 2 of Interstate 91.

State police said Golden s vehicle was found in the breakdown lane and a
subsequent investigation found Golden to be intoxicated. He was cited to appear
in Windham District Court on Jan. 19.

Dover

-- Robert Haithcock, 29, of Middletown, N.J., was arrested by Vermont State
Police for driving under the influence after a Jan. 2 traffic stop on Route 100.
Golden was cited to appear in Windham District Court on Jan. 19.

Jamaica

-- Sean E. Greaney, 29, of New Caanan, Conn, was arrested by Vermont State
Police for driving under the influence after a Jan. 4 traffic stop on Route 30.
Greaney was cited to appear in Windham District Court on Jan. 19.

-- Kelly Anne Ross, 39, of Jamaica, was arrested by Vermont State Police for
driving under the influence on Jan. 4 following a single-car accident on Pikes
Falls Road.

State police said Ross  1999 Ford Escort crossed the center line and skidded
into a snowbank on the opposite side of the road. Ross, who was not injured, was
cited to appear in Windham District Court on Jan. 19.

Winhall

-- Four cross country skiers who got lost on Jan. 4 attempting to find two other
skiers who got lost were all found by the Stratton Mountain Ski Patrol and
Winhall Police and Rescue personnel.

Winhall Police said they receieved a call for help from Bonnie West of Stratton.
She said that four cross country skiers were lost, but the two female skiers
that the group was looking for were safe at her house.

Police said the four young men from Chicago were all found after a brief search
by the ski patrol. All six were taken to Otis Clinic at Stratton for evaluation,
and all were found in cold but good condtion, police said.

Police remind skiers and snowboarders to stay on marked trails and if you got
get lost, call for assistance as soon as possible and allow the professionals to
conduct a proper search.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 5, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Ich bin Hollywood: Show biz's Teutonic tilt

BYLINE: Raymond M. Lane

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E14

LENGTH: 1226 words


A bright red carpet visually summons visitors to the German American Heritage
Museum's largest exhibit ever: "100 Years of Hollywood - the Laemmle Effect."

That would be Carl Laemmle (1867-1939), the impoverished German immigrant who
came to American in 1884 and in effect, invented in 1915 all the elements of
what we think of as Hollywood today.

A twin exhibit will open in August at the Hollywood Heritage Museum in Los
Angeles, with the same content,but different original documents and historic
artifacts.

The two exhibits, with their own red-carpet entrances, then move separately in
succeeding months to Philadelphia; Baltimore; New York; Chicago; Denver;
Davenport, Iowa; St. Paul, Minn.; and San Francisco before combining to close in
Los Angeles in 2017.

In Washington, the apple-red rug is atop the steep steps from Sixth Street in
Chinatown to a tight exhibit space on the small museum's second floor. On the
way up, one walks past publicity photos and movie posters, faces who belong to
either German Americans or German immigrants in the movie business.

"The big message," said Doris Berger, a curator at the Skirball Center in Los
Angeles, is that over the past century, European immigrants, especially Germans
and Jews, "largely shaped America's movie industry."

And that's a big deal, because movies worked one of the "great cultural
transformations" in history, something that touched the lives of people around
the world, she continued, "an art form and commercial enterprise that influences
the imagination of all humanity."

Like so many other U.S. immigrants, the Germans - with 50 million citizens
claiming ties, a group as diverse as House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) to
President Barack Obama - had many influences on America's culture.

"In the end, it is through movies that German influence will probably stay with
us forever . . . or at least as long as humanity watches motion pictures,"
Berger said in a telephone interview.

Visitors taking the red-carpet walk begin the exploration at the stairwell photo
gallery of German-ancestored actors of today, such as Leonardo DiCaprio, Sandra
Bullock, Nicolas Cage and Halle Barry.

The "German Germans" on the wall celebrate actors Marlene Dietrich, Arnold
Schwarzenegger and Peter Lorre. Directors include Billy Wilder of "Some Like It
Hot," Michael Curtiz of "Casablanca," as well as Roland Emmerich, who did
"Stargate," "Independence Day," "Godzilla," "White House Down" and a score of
modern-day hits.

Another flight of photos feature composers Franz Waxman, who wrote the score for
"Bride of Frankenstein," as well as "Sunset Boulevard," "Peyton Place" and "The
Nun's Story." There is an exhibit on composer Erich Korngold of "The Adventures
of Robin Hood," a symphonic standard still performed today.

These and the many others celebrated in the exhibit were born to German or
Yiddish-speaking families in such places as Berlin, Budapest, Vienna, Romania,
Switzerland, Poland, Belarus, Lithuania and other middle-Europe melting pots.
They were deeply rooted in central Europe's diverse cultures before World Wars I
and II, the Great Depression and then the Cold War, according to Berger.

At the top of the steps, a hard right turn opens to the exhibit space itself.
The first image is a photo of sweet-faced Laemmle.

"He was so poor growing up," said GAHM director and exhibit curator Petra
SchÃ¼rmann. "There was famine, and he dreamed of America. But his mother begged
him to stay until she died, and three months later, she died. He immediately
moved to Chicago."

Only 17 years old, Laemmle bounced around until landing bookkeeping work, said
German-born SchÃ¼rmann. Thrifty and clever, Laemmle began buying nickelodeons,
store-front arcades showing five-cent short silent movies, and then bought
larger movie houses.

When he grew disenchanted with Thomas Edison's iron grip of movie distribution -
there were over 1,200 short and 58 Edison-made feature films - he led other
independent movie-house owners in creating the Universal Films Manufacturing
company in New York in 1912, said SchÃ¼rmann.

The group then opened Universal Studios in Los Angeles on March 15, 1915, she
said, "the inspiration for our exhibits."

During his 21 years of leadership, Laemmle oversaw some 400 motion pictures, and
in time, all American moviemakers followed the Laemmle model - Warner Brothers,
MGM, 20th Century Fox, Columbia Pictures, RKO, Paramount and others - creating
in Los Angeles large "cities of film making," where sound stages, costume halls,
writers studios and technical facilities for sound and lighting were
concentrated in a single mass, she said.

Laemmle promoted a "star system" to glamorize performers and their movies in
print and newsreels, SchÃ¼rmann said. "We may use Twitter, Facebook and other
social media today to do this, but it's just Laemmle warmed over, what we call
'the Laemmle effect.' "

GAHM visitors walk past story boards, fixed monitors and a series of iPad
stations detailing Hollywood's Teutonic tilt. Old trailers, clips and
documentary films from the silent era to present day flicker throughout the
L-shaped room. Artifacts, diaries, correspondence and a string of costumes fill
display cases.

The Nazi era is covered - one sees the jacket Dietrich wore when she fled Berlin
to apply for permanent residence in the United States. There's Lorre's form
renouncing his German citizenship. Laemmle's efforts to save Jews from the Nazis
is covered, and even the hard-nosed Dietrich's generosity is recounted - she
established a fund for new arrivals until they could find work at the studios.

There's the gown Doris Day wore in "Love Me or Leave Me," and Fred Astaire's tap
shoes and top hat from the movie of the same name.

Throughout the summer, GAHM plans movie nights, with beer, pretzels and
sausages. "Cinema's Exiles: From Hitler to Hollywood," by Washington filmmaker
Karen Thomas, will be shown. "The Blue Angel," starring Dietrich, and a
documentary about her, are on tap,  with grandson Peter Rivas, a film producer
and literary agent. Other evenings are dedicated to Laemmle, Waxman, Korngold
and others, with panel discussions and participation by heirs and family
members.

Franz Waxman was beaten on the streets of Berlin by Nazis in 1933, says his son,
John Waxman, and that evening packed his bags and fled. A grandmother, an uncle
and aunt and other relatives were killed at the Auschwitz concentration camp.
When John Waxman and his daughter visited the camp many years after the war, "we
both left feeling unclean."

"But I have met so many Germans of my generation and now much younger," he said.
"There was a time before Hitler, and a time after Hitler, and now we are in a
new age."

Growing up in Hollywood in the '40s and '50s, he remembered family friend Billy
Wilder urging him not to lose his German language skills or forget the rich
culture from which they all came.

"It's wonderful [GAHM] is doing this show, sooner rather than later," Waxman
said. "I'm hoping my 14-year-old grandson, Andrew, and 8-year-old Christopher,
who lives in Maryland suburbs, will come to the exhibit and learn more about
their great-grandfather, and all that came before."

style@washpost.com

Lane is a freelance writer.

100 Years of Hollywood - The Laemmle Effect  Through Sept 30 at the German
American Heritage Museum, 719 Sixth St. NW. 202-467-5000. www.gahmusa.org. Free.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 27, 2012 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 728 words


NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE EUGENE MARANO

Gregory D. Applegate, 44, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($250 suspended), $100 restitution to state lab, 180 days in jail (140 days
suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

JUDGE PATRICK MCFADDEN

Tyler E. Sobota, 28, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 60 days
in jail (58 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Christopher M. Gregerson, 23, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (140 days suspended) or 48 hours county work program, 30
days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

JUDGE JAMES STOW

Dean S. Dewberry, 34, Coeur d'Alene; battery-domestic violence; $1,000 fine
($750 suspended), 180 days in jail (137 days suspended, 13 days credited), 30
days unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

Morgan O. Brown, 18, Spirit Lake; Count I: driving without privileges; 10 days
in jail. Count II: misdemeanor probation violation; five days in jail.

JUDGE ROBERT CALDWELL

Davonne M. Wright, 30, Spokane; domestic violence/violation of a protection
order; $300 fine, 180 days in jail (165 days suspended), two years probation.

Sheldon M. Phelan, 19, Coeur d'Alene; willful concealment of goods/merchandise;
$1,000 fine ($600 suspended), 90 days in jail (79 days suspended), two years
probation.

Lucas R. Fahey, 30, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $200 fine, 15
days in jail.

Lonnie B. Dahl, 42, Sacramento, Calif.; misdemeanor probation violation; 30 days
in jail (14 days credited).

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

William J. Coe, 32, Coeur d'Alene; resisting/obstructing officers; $250 fine,
one year in jail (266 days suspended, 69 days credited), 30 days unscheduled
jail time, two years probation.

Terry L. Cornett, 48, Post Falls; battery; $300 fine, 180 days in jail (145 days
suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Premier Auction Center Inc. v. Dezso Nagyfy and Linda Nagyfy, seeking $2,793.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Michael Anderson and Patsy Anderson, seeking
$1,040.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Numerica Credit Union v. John Lower and Susan Lower, aka Susan Campbell, aka
Susan Brackpool, plaintiff awarded $17,753.

Steven Wolf and Axel Wolf v. Karen Lindbergh, plaintiff awarded $2,745.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Bridget Scott, plaintiff awarded $1,113.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Alan Watson and Crystal Watson, aka Crystal Edwards.

MARRIAGE LICENSES

Benjamin B. Barber and Shannon L. Maloney, both of Cocolalla, Idaho.

Skylar M. Camantigue and Ashley R. Daneri, both of Post Falls.

Dalton C. Clawson and Courtney Miles-Armstrong, both of Post Falls.

Bruce W. Good and Regina E. Good, both of Athol.

Richard J. L. Hepler and Joni L. Hartman, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Joshua D. Hiebert and Hailey M. H. Wolf, both of Blanchard.

Jeffrey W. Johnson and Phyllis I. Bunn Johnson, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Leslie L. Jumper and Julie R. Zeller, both of Careywood.

Kyle J. Kaestner and Sarah P. Peters, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Robert D. Laurimore and Jena M. Reuter, both of Rathdrum.

Casey J. Ostrander and Joni D. McKinley, both of Hayden.

Matthew W. Petroskie and Hannah R. Abravanel, both of Coeur d'Alene.

David G. Repp, of Spokane, and Karla L. Branson, of Coeur d'Alene.

Aaron M. Stover and Bethany K. Reardon, both of Rathdrum.

BANKRUPTCIES

Filings from Oct. 19-22.

CHAPTER 7 (LIQUIDATION PETITIONS)

Dennis and Vicki Dalzell, Pinehurst, debts of $119,795.

Sheldon G. and Shawnale D. Wilson, Sagle, debts of $349,687.

Laura R. Strunk, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $18,095.

Monty R. Bullock, Rathdrum, debts unspecified.

Eric C. Medlin, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $30,083.

Corine W. Zsiga, aka Corinne E. Zsiga, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $28,877.

Robert L. Donovan, Hayden, debts of $95,411.

Michael R. and Deborah M. Hendricks, Coeur d'Alene, debts unspecified.

Mataya S. Rose, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $159,677.

CHAPTER 13 (WAGE-EARNER PETITIONS)

Robert R. and Cheri J. Loosemore, Sandpoint, debts unspecified.

Casey W. and Patricia L. Berg, fdba Berg Inc., fdba Berg steelworks, Athol,
debts unspecified.

Wayne E. and Kimberly L. Antrim, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $18,095.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 26, 2010 Monday

India worried about growing Pakistan influence in Afghan affairs - paper

LENGTH: 527 words


Excerpt from editorial entitled "Competition between Pakistan and India in
Afghanistan" published by privately-owned Afghan daily Rah-e Nejat on 24 July

Since Pakistan's declaration of independence from India by Mohammad Ali Jenah,
there have always been tensions between these two countries and there have even
been military clashes between them. Kashmir which is disputed by Pakistan and
India has always been facing instability.

During the Cold War when the Eastern bloc was led by the Soviet Union and the
Western bloc by the USA, despite being an Islamic county Pakistan was one of US
strategic allies.

After the Iranian kingdome, which had been a USA ally, had collapsed as a result
of a revolution led by Imam Khomeini, Pakistan gained even more importance for
its Western allies, especially the USA. After Pakistan was supported by the USA,
India naturally became a member of the Eastern bloc and this country chose
interfering in Afghanistan to pressurize Pakistan.

After the Soviet Union invasion of Afghanistan, the Islamic countries and the
countries in the Western bloc announced their support to the Afghan nation and
condemned the Soviet Union and since that incident, Afghanistan gained
international attention and measures were taken to defeat the Russians in this
country.

The Western policy was based on a theory that the Russians would be defeated in
Afghanistan, but the issue which would be threatening the Western world after
that would be Islamic countries and movements. Therefore, the Western
politicians made their plan to focus on aiding Pakistan which was their only
ally in the region.

The international aid flow to Pakistan because of the war in Afghanistan
provided an exceptional opportunity for Pakistan. Pakistan was not only
supported in the military and economical fields more than expected, but this
county also gained a chance to establish extreme influence in Afghanistan.

[Passage omitted]

After the 9/11 incident and the arrival of international troops in Afghanistan
led by the USA to destroy Al-Qa'idah and weaken the Taleban the way was paved
for better US-India relations. These relations improved to a level that the two
countries signed a nuclear agreement with each other. India wanted to use the
situation and increase its influence in Afghanistan.

The failure of the USA and the international community in the war against
terrorism and Al-Qa'idah once again convinced the USA to focus on Pakistan's
influence over Al-Qa'idah and the Taleban. The USA's eagerness to negotiate with
the Taleban with Pakistan's mediation which increased this country's regional
importance raised India's concerns and last week this county expressed concern
over what is happening.

Although to ease India's concerns Richard Holbrooke, Barack Obama's especial
envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan, described this country's role in the region
as important and said Pakistan's involvement in the peace [process] never meant
ignoring the role of India.

It seems such diplomatic statements can not satisfy India. The competition
between Pakistan and India is too serious to be solved through diplomatic
efforts.

Source: Rah-e Nejat, Kabul in Dari 24 Jul 10

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O09

LENGTH: 457 words


James Fredrick Smith Jr., 30, of the 4600 block of Etterle Road in Blythe, was
charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 21, 2008, and was sentenced to
180 days in jail.

Larry James Boyd, 66, of the 3800 block of Boulder Creek in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 26, 2008, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $1,224.

Tammy Lynn Zabenko, 50, of the 400 block of North Ridge Circle in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 10, 2009, and was fined $810.

Gary Eugene Collins, 57, of the 9600 block of West Caravan Path in Crystal
River, Fla., was charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 7, 2009, and
was fined $810.

Jose Enrique Alvarez, 20, of the 3500 block of Stanton Court in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 1, 2009, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $835.

Gregory Scott Jenkins, 25, of the 4500 block of Dewey Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 5, 2009, and was sentenced to
12 months' probation and was fined $1,249.

Omatie Maharaj, 47, of the 400 block of Ashbrook Court in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on Feb. 15, 2009, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $810.

Wesley Allen Redd, 23, of the 200 block of Indian Creek Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 10, 2008, and was sentenced to
30 days in jail.

Vanessa Walton Johnson, 50, of the 1500 block of Gills Point Road in Tignall,
Ga., was charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 21, 2009, and was
fined $810.

Kelton Geovani Ivey, 28, of the 3000 block of Culverton Court in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 15, 2009, and was fined $835.

Debbie Janiece Klinger, 48, of the 4100 block of Arlington Road in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 14, 2009, and was fined $810.

Danny Rufus Merritt Jr., 30, of the 600 block of March Lane in Columbia, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 16, 2009, and was fined $1,224.

Peggy Merline Peterson, 57, of the 300 block of Crawford Mill Lane in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 12, 2008, and was fined
$1,224.

Joseph Arnold Moore, 63, of the 200 block of Amelia Drive West in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 24, 2009, and was fined $810.

Luis Alejandro Ubano Martinez, 33, of the 100 block of Greenwood Drive in
Martinez, was charged with driving under the influence on March 8, 2009, and was
fined $1,224.

Thomas G. Childers III, 38, of the 2300 block of Barry Hall Road in Bethlehem,
Ga., was charged with driving under the influence on March 8, 2009, and was
fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             March 28, 2008 Friday

D.U.I. FIRES THEFT CRIMES DRINKING CHARGES THEFT CHARGES VANDALISM ASSAULTS
DISTURBANCES FALSE-ID CHARGES ACCIDENTS SPEED CHECKS

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1856  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Police - Fire Digest

MANHEIM: Manheim police charged Jeffery L. Miller, 30, of 629 W. Orange St.,
Lititz, and Georgia B. Bernhardt, 54, of 31 S. Main St., Manhiem, with driving
under the influence of intoxicants from separate vehicle stops last Friday night
in the borough. Miller's alleged offense occurred at about 8:44 p.m. on South
Main Street. Bernhardt was stopped at 11:09 p.m in the 100 block of South
Charlotte Street, police said.

DENVER: East Cocalico Township police charged Larry Jack Abshire, Louisville,
Ky., with driving under the influence of intoxicants following a vehicle stop at
10:58 p.m. March 20 in the 2500 block of North Reading Road (Route 272).

WEST COCALICO TWP.: Jeremiah Wilson, 20, of Oberholtzer Lane, Denver, is being
charged with driving under the influence of intoxicants and underage drinking
from a vehicle stop at 12:02 a.m. Sunday in the 1100 block of Indiantown Road,
Stevens, East Cocalico Township police said. A 17-year-old passenger is being
cited for underage drinking, police said.

WEST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Township police arrested Lori Gettys, 42, York, for
suspected drunken driving following a two-vehicle accident at 10:55 a.m. Sunday
on eastbound Route 30 at Stony Battery Road. No injuries were reported. Randy
Ruhl, 45, of New Freedom, York County, was the other driver, police said.

GAP: Lancaster state police arrested David W. Weaver, Woodside Drive, Gap, for
suspected drunken driving following a vehicle stop at 12:30 a.m. Wednesday on
Valley View Road at Chestnut Street.

EAST LAMPETER TWP.: Township police arrested Brandon Sexton, 21, of the 200
block of Greenland Drive, for suspected drunken driving and for fleeing-eluding
police at 1:14 a.m. Thursday in the 200 block of Greenland Drive. Police said
Sexton failed to stop when officers tried to pull him over on Lincoln Highway
East.

EAST DONEGAL TWP.: Mark Jacobson, 20, of 57 Village Square Drive, Marietta, is
being charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, careless driving, and
a hit-and-run violation from an accident with a parked vehicle that happened
Feb. 3 in the 3200 block of Maytown Road, Susquehanna Regional police said.

CONOY TWP.: Peter A. Naymik II, 40, of 221 Race St., Bainbridge, faces charges
of driving under the influence of alcohol and possession of a small amount of
marijuana from a traffic stop Feb.2 in the 200 block of River Road (Route 441),
Susquehanna Regional police said.

PROVIDENCE TWP.: Derek Michael Laukhuff, 24, Holtwood, was arrested for
suspected drunken driving at 12:19 a.m. Thursday on Truce Road, Lancaster state
police said.

MARIETTA: Kerry L. Egan, 29, of 423 Lancaster Ave., Lancaster, is being charged
with driving under the influence of intoxicants from a Feb. 10 vehicle stop in
the 600 block of East Market Street in Marietta, Susquehanna Regional police
said.

MANOR TWP.: Lawrence K. Scalera, 20, 39 Pilgrim Drive, was arrested for
suspected driving under the influence of a controlled substance after police
said he was stopped early last Friday morning on Manor Boulevard and Valley
Drive. Sgt. Carolyn Gundel said Scalera also was in possession of a small amount
of suspected marijuana.

WEST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Firefighters extinguished a blaze in a unused pickup truck
in the 300 block of Summit Drive, Columbia, at about 2:20 p.m. Sunday. A state
police fire marshal is investigating the fire's cause. Jerry Diener, who owned
the 1988 maroon Ford F-150, told police he no longer used the vehicle, and it
had been sitting in a wooded area at the back of his property.

WEST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Firefighters extinguished a small brush fire at about 7:30
p.m. Sunday at the base of Chickies Rock County Park next to the railroad tracks
along the Susquehanna River. Investigators believe someone using fireworks
caused the fire.

EAST COCALICO TWP.: Jessica Walter, Ephrata, told township police that someone
stole her purse from a disabled vehicle last Friday in the 100 block of East
Church Street, near Route 272.

ADAMSTOWN: Would-be burglars fled after an alarm sounded at 2:11 a.m. Saturday
at Boehringer's Drive-In, 3160 N. Reading Road (Route 272), Adamstown. Upon
arrival, police found a window and screen had been broken.

SCHOENECK: Thieves stole cash from two unlocked vehicles at Swamp Bridge Road
and King Street early Saturday morning, East Cocalico Township police said.

SALISBURY TWP.: A 50-year-old Narvon woman was a recent victim of identity
fraud, Ephrata state police said. Someone used her name to order books and items
on-line, police said. Police believe the suspect also planned to start a line of
credit or open a credit card in the woman's name, but she put a freeze on her
credit accounts in time.

MANHEIM TWP: Patrick Rakers told township police that someone tried to steal
items from his 1991 Toyota at about 3:30 a.m. Tuesday while the car was parked
in his driveway in the 500 block of Ashford Drive. A neighbor possibly scared
away the suspect, who was described as a tall thin white male.

LANCASTER: A $300 compact-disc player with a detachable face plate was reported
stolen from a 2006 Toyota SUV Sunday night in the 500 block of Chester Street,
city police said.

EAST COCALICO TWP.: Township police cited Amy Brunner, 18, of East Petersburg,
and a 17-year-old Willow Street girl for underage drinking after officers
responded to a report of a loud party early Saturday morning in the first block
of block of School Lane, Stevens.

WARWICK TWP.: Township police cited Heather Kanyuck, 19, of 472 Balmier Road,
Lititz, for retail theft after she allegedly took about $7 worth of items at the
Giant store, 1008 Lititz Pike, Lititz, on Monday afternoon.

SALISBURY TWP.: Erin D. Tatum, 21, of Parkesburg, faces charges for allegedly
stealing items from the Hess service station, 5387 Lincoln Highway, Gap, on
March 9 while working as a clerk, Lancaster state police said.

MANHEIM TWP.: Township police cited Mary Brodbecker, 78, of 523 Brandywine Road,
for retail theft after she allegedly concealed about $24 worth of items in her
purse Wednesday afternoon at Stauffer's of Kissel Hill, 1850 Oregon Pike.

MANHEIM TWP: Alicia Lambert, 24, 638 Pine St., will be cited for retail theft
after police said she was stopped after an alleged shoplifting incident at
Kmart, 1890 Fruitville Pike, on Tuesday evening.

EAST LAMPETER TWP.: Township police charged Gary Almodovar, 18, of the 2000
block of Horseshoe Road, with criminal mischief from an incident that happened
late Tuesday night. Following an argument with his girlfriend, Almodovar
allegedly smashed the windshield of the woman's car with jumper cables, police
said.

RAPHO TWP.: Ephrata state police and the Lancaster County District Attorney's
office are investigating an alleged sexual assault that reportedly happened
about two years ago at a location on Mount Joy Road. The victim and possible
suspect are both 17-year-old males, police said.

MANOR TWP.: Ryan Brodie, 22, 409 E. Main St., Mountville, was charged with
simple assault, harassment and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle after police
said he allegedly took a woman's car and when he returned it, police said, got
into a physical altercation with her on Monday afternoon on Stonemill Road.

EPHRATA: John Francis Berardi, 37, North State Street, Ephrata, was charged with
simple assault after police said they were called to a domestic dispute Tuesday
night in which a woman was found to be injured.

RAPHO TWP.: Willard Hertzog, 56, Mount Joy, has been charged with terroristic
threats and resisting arrest from an incident reported early Tuesday morning at
55 Lancaster Estates, Ephrata state police said. Following a domestic argument
with a 53-year-old woman, Hertzog allegedly poured a flammable liquid onto a
couch, Trooper Phillip Matson said. While in custody, Hertzog became unruly,
Mattson said. Hertzog was committed to Lancaster County Prison after failing to
post $75,000 cash bail, police said.

LANCASTER: City police cited Michael A. Jones, 21, of 1141 Spruce St., Chester,
for disorderly conduct from a Tuesday night incident at The Brickyard, 415 N.
Prince St. Police said Jones was involved in a "physical altercation'' with an
employee of the bar. Nobody was injured. Police responded at 10:12 p.m. Tuesday.

SALISBURY TWP.: Gary Graham, 48, and a 16-year-old boy, both from Narvon, were
each cited for harassment after state police were called to a disturbance in the
700 block of Narvon Road Wednesday evening. There were no injuries and police
said the two were acquainted.

EPHRATA: David Rappleye, 58, Elmira, N.Y., was cited for terroristic threats and
harassment after police said he allegedly made a threatening phone call to a
township resident earlier this month.

MANHEIM TWP.: Township police said William Hough, 47, of 76 Roosevelt Blvd.,
gave Officer Jason Myers a false name during a traffic stop at 1:51 p.m.
Wednesday on eastbound Route 30 at Route 222. Hough is being charged with giving
false identification to law enforcement and with driving with a suspended
license, police said.

RAPHO TWP.: A 1987 Chevrolet Suburban driven by Brian Fitch, 39, of Quarryville.
struck a mailbox and then hit a utility pole head-on at about 9:30 p.m Sunday on
Route 72, Lancaster state police asid. Linda Fitch, 49, of Quarryville, was a
passenger. There was no report of injuries.

LEACOCK TWP.: A 1997 Ford sedan driven by Karin I. Christenson, 20, of
Springfield, Va., struck the back of a 2002 Ford van driven by Sylvan Peachey,
51, of Belleville, Mifflin County, at 1:09 p.m. Wednesday on Route 340,
Lancaster state police said. Peachey was driving east and had signaled to make a
left turn, police said. Both vehicles had disabling damage. Christenson had two
passengers, and Peachey had six passengers. There was no report as to injuries.

DRUMORE TWP.: A 1992 Honda Accord driven by Tiffany N. Simpson, 18, of Belcamp,
Md., near Baltimore, struck a tree on Route 272 at 8:10 p.m. Sunday, Lancaster
state police said. Beatrice E. Simpson, 50, also of Belcamp, was a passenger.
There was no report of injuries.

EAST PETERSBURG: Vehicles driven by Ashley Freeman, 20, of 1536 Beta Ave.,
Lebanon, and Robert Eckert, 46, of 270 Snavely Mill Road, Lititz, collided at
2:52 p.m. Wednesday at Lemon and State streets in East Petersburg, Manheim
Township police said. Freeman was treated at the scene for a minor head injury,
and was cited for a red-light violation, police said. Both vehicles required
towing.

MANHEIM TWP.: Township police cited Srikanth Narra, 29, of Devon, Chester
County, for an unsafe movement following a two-vehicle crash at 7:35 a.m.
Wednesday on Chester Road, near Oregon Pike. Narra's vehicle struck the back of
a vehicle driven by Sandra Kline, 54, of 602 S. 14th St., Columbia, police asid.
No injuries reported, but the Narra vehicle required towing.

MANHEIM TWP.: Between 10:30 a.m. and 1:45 p.m. Wednesday, township police and
state troopers cited 24 motorists for exceeding the 65-mph peed limit on
northbound Route 222 at the Jake Landis Road overpass. Those cited drove up to
89 mph, police said. Three motorists were cited for not wearing seat belts, and
one was cited for expired registration, police said.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: POLICE - FIRE DIGEST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 14, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 363 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Donald R. Crum - 45, Coeur d'Alene, driving under the influence, $40,000 bond.

Kevin J. Hughes - 41, Sandpoint, delivery of a controlled substance, $15,000
bond.

Matthew A. Hunt - 32, Sandpoint, burglary, grand theft, $40,000 bond.

Alice L. Little - 49, Conrad, Mont., insufficient funds check fraud (five
counts), $5,000 bond.

Kathleen L. Stritenberger - 29, Phoenix, frequenting a place where a controlled
substance is used, $5,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Becky A. Berg - 33, Sandpoint, driving under the influence, four days in jail.

Chad D. Bowman - 32, Priest River, possession of marijuana, possession of
paraphernalia with intent to use, five days in jail.

Tyler G. Broggi - 19, Hope, driving under the influence, three days in jail.

Cameron J. Collins - 24, Priest River, driving under the influence, one day in
jail.

David L. Fritz - 52, Spirit Lake, driving without privileges, two days in jail.

Jason C. Kaelin - 26, Sandpoint, driving under the influence, six days in jail,
$5,000 bond.Jeffrey D. Kilgore - 20, Sagle, driving without privileges, eight
days in jail.

Christopher A. Lowery - 24, Sandpoint, driving without privileges, one day in
jail.

Michael A. Meyers - 54, Spokane, driving under the influence, one day in jail.

Cassandra K. Nordland - 24, Sagle, possession of a suspended driver's license,
driving without privileges, two days in jail.

Clifford D. Phelps - 23, Sandpoint, driving without privileges, $15,300 bond.

James L. Sawley - 44, Spirit Lake, failure to provide proof of insurance, $2,000
bond.

Christina D. Spencer - 21, Sandpoint, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

James R. Wagner - 26, Harrington, Wash., driving under the influence, three days
in jail.

Bryan L. Wing - 31, Spokane, use or possession of drug paraphernalia with intent
to use, $1,700 bond.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying a fine.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 14, 2006 Friday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 334 words


District Judge Douglas F. Meisenhelter's office covers Lower Windsor and Windsor
townships; East Prospect, Red Lion, Windsor and Yorkana.
DISPOSITIONS
David A. Loss, 740 Gebhart Road, Windsor; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Harlynn R. Ward, 9873 Winterstown Road, Red Lion; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Lisa J. Taylor, 2110 Hope Drive, Red Lion; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Andrea Skalski, 295 Torbert Road, Fawn Grove; tax violation; paid costs.

Gerard Finke, 200 S. Marshall St.; tax violation; paid costs.

Troy Geltmacher, 224 Chestnut St., Wrightsville; tax violation; paid costs.
---
District Judge John R. Olwert's office covers Fawn, Hopewell and North Hopewell
townships, Cross Roads, Fawn Grove, Stewartstown and Winterstown.
DISPOSITIONS
Jonathan L. Schmidt, 202 Camelback Court, Stewartstown; burglary, theft by
unlawful taking, criminal mischief; waived to court.

Michael E. McGuire, 463 Maple St., Manchester; possession of marijuana, use,
possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of controlled substance, driving
under suspension; held for court.

Carlos G. Cardenas-Rodas, 8 E. Main St., New Freedom; harassment; withdrawn.

Travis E. Kraper, 13328 Laurel Hill Road, Felton; disorderly conduct; paid
costs.

Joshua D. Darr, 16411 Dolf Road, Stewartstown; driving under the influence,
minor, investigation by police, failure to keep right; held for court.

Jason P. Wickrowski, 18 Locust St., Stewartstown; driving under the influence,
disregard of traffic lane, failure to use safety belt system; waived to court.

Jacquelyn E. Nied, 4947 Church Road, Felton; driving under the influence,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

David M. Waick, 841 Squire Road, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Richard J. Corsello, 233 Gross Road, Fawn Grove; possession of marijuana,
operate vehicle without valid inspection; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 23, 1992, Sunday, City Edition

Heat pipe removes humidity Antihistamine called as harmful as alcohol to driving

SOURCE: From Good Housekeeping

BYLINE: JAMES DULLEY

SECTION: AT HOME FLORIDIAN; CUT YOUR UTILITY BILLS; Pg. 7 2F

LENGTH: 593 words



Driving under the influence does not always refer to alcohol in 34 states the "
influence" also covers allergy and cold remedies containing antihistamines.

    Antihistamines can impair your driving ability just as much as alcohol,
according to an article by Francesca Lunzer Kritz in the current issue of Good
Housekeeping, and the penalty for driving under the influence of the over-the-
counter drug can be just as severe.

    In those states where it is prohibited, fines can range as high as Indiana's
$ 5,000. Possible jail terms can extend to two years as in Massachusetts and
North Carolina and your license can be suspended for up to three years in Ohio
or revoked for up to a year in several states.

    Drivers whose licenses are suspended get them back when the term is up;
revoked licenses must be applied for anew.

    Antihistamines are not among chemicals or drugs listed in the Florida
Statutes for which you can be charged with driving "under the influence" of a
controlled substance.

    Millions of people take antihistamines to prevent the runny nose and itchy
eyes caused by histamine, a chemical released by cells in the nose and eyes in
reaction to pollen or other allergens.

    Unfortunately, most antihistamines also cause drowsiness.

    "The antihistamine dose required to give relief is the same dose that causes
sedation," said Dr. Paul Ratner, assistant clinical professor of allergy and
immunology at the University of Texas Health Sciences Center.

    In the 34 states where driving under the influence of antihistamines is
illegal, police will detain drivers who seem impaired, taking them back to the
station house to check for signs of drug use, including antihistamines.

    Those signs include a slow pupil reaction to light and abnormal pulse and
blood-pressure rates.

    If any of those signs are found, blood and urine tests will be performed to
identify the specific drug.

    "Anyone stopped while driving who tests positive for antihistamines in a
state where that's illegal is subject to a fine, license suspension or
revocation, or even a jail sentence," said Roberta Mayer of the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration's Office of Alcohol and State Programs.

    Penalties match those for a first-offender drunk-driving charge.

    At least two prescription antihistamines Hismanal and Seldane don't cause
drowsiness. But they tend to be much more expensive than over-the-counter
antihistamines about $ 1.20 instead of 50 cents a day.

    Some cold and allergy sufferers may only need to switch to a decongestant,
which would in any case be more beneficial.

    "If stuffiness is your problem, antihistamines won't do any good anyway, but
decongestants can be very effective," said Dr. Eli Meltzer, chief of allergy and
immunology at Children's Hospital in San Diego.

    The buyer must beware, however, because many decongestants contain
antihistamines as well, while others contain only harmless extras such as
aspirin or acetaminophen.

    The easiest way to tell whether an antihistamine has been added to a cold or
allergy product is to look for a warning label on the package.

    Since the mid-1970s, the FDA has required a warning label on any product
containing antihistamines, indicating that they may cause drowsiness and
instructing consumers to use caution when driving or operating heavy machinery,
or to avoid those activities completely.


LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING; Illustration of how a heat pipe works

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday

Small town blues

BYLINE: by Sandy Kashmar, ¡Vamonos! editor

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Entertainment FP

LENGTH: 513 words


When I caught up with Gary Stamper, whose 24/7 Blues Band has just released a
new CD, Old Guitar, I asked him about the band, which has been playing primarily
in Truth or Consequences, with the occasional Socorro or Ruidoso gig. "I feel
like our CD will open some new doors for us. We are hoping to record a second CD
next summer." The CD was recorded live with no overdubs, and the band will be at
Quarter's this Sunday, Nov.5, for a Blues and Barbecue CD-Release Party.

No newcomers to the blues scene, the 24/7 Blues Band has been together since the
spring of 2005, but the members have been playing music most of their lives.
Gary Stamper, Chris Wood, Gary Lambert and Mark Kashmar have known each other
for several years and have played together in different bands. The newest band
member, Dave Inscore, a recent transplant to New Mexico, has a musical
background similar to the other members, and has adapted extremely well.

I asked Stamper about the band's audience response, as the dance floor is always
packed. He told me, "Blues, in general, is a 'feel good' music. Everybody likes
music that makes them want to tap their feet, clap their hands, or get up and
move.

"The name 24/7 Blues band came from the fact that all we play is blues. People
would ask, 'Don't you play rock or country?' I would tell them, 'All that we
play is blues, 24/7.'" Of his musical influences, Stamper revealed, "I'm not
influenced by songwriters; I'm influenced by experiences. I write from my
experiences. My greatest influences as a guitar player are Freddie King, Albert
Collins, T-Bone Walker, and Andrew 'Jr. Boy' Jones. My most memorable musical
moments include playing the Tucson Blues Festival, jamming with Andrew 'Jr. Boy'
Jones at the Ruidoso Blues Festival, The Quarters, in Tucson, and in El Paso,
and backing Mitch Kashmar."

Band member Mark Kashmar also talked about his musical influences and his
experience playing in this electric band. "My influences are country blues
players like Son House, Robert Johnson, Willie Johnson, Skip James. I played an
acoustic solo for a long time before working my way into the band. The slide and
lap steel guitars are each in open tuning, lending a different feel to the
sound. Lap steel is somewhat unusual in blues bands. We're working on
incorporating more counrtry blues feel into the band by using the acoustic
National and playing all electric with more country blues feel on some songs."

Stamper and the others have been playing music all their lives. "What has driven
me," he said, "is the desire to play. It's not the money or the recognition,
it's the joy of playing. I love playing with other musicians. I like throwing in
all of the ingredients and listening to what comes out. The only time I took a
break from playing was when my two sons, Ian and Aaron, were small, because I
wanted to be with them. They are grown now and they both play. Ian is a drummer
and Aaron is a guitar/bass player. They have had bands together and we have
performed together."

The bottom line for the 24/7 Blues Band is having fun & making good music.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: States&#226;&#128;&#153; Approach to Drugged Driving Varies Widely

LENGTH: 725  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Partnership for Drug-Free Kids has issued the following news
release:



 As more states consider legalizing marijuana, legislators are grappling with
how to deal with drugged driving. State laws on the issue vary widely, according
to Jon Woodruff, Legislative Attorney with the National Alliance for Model State
Drug Laws (NAMSDL).





 "All states have an 'under the influence' law, which generally says a person
may not operate a motor vehicle while under the influence of drugs or alcohol,"
he said. In 28 states, "under the influence" is the only standard that applies
to drugged driving.  Twenty-two states, however, have more restrictive
provisions that address driving after ingesting certain drugs.



 Of these 22 states, 16 states have a "zero tolerance" approach to some drugs,
meaning any amount found in a person's blood or urine is considered illegal. The
other six states list concentrations of one or more substances in blood or urine
that are considered a violation of the law, regardless of whether the driver is
impaired.



 Several states, including Michigan and Illinois, make an exception to their
"zero tolerance" provision for drivers who have a valid medical marijuana card.
However, if they are driving unsafely, they still are subject to the state's
"under the influence" provision.



 Drugged driving laws vary even among those states where recreational marijuana
has been legalized, Woodruff notes. Alaska, Oregon and Washington, D.C. still
have "under the influence" laws, while Washington specifies that it is illegal
for a person age 21 or older to drive with 5 or more nanograms of THC (the
psychoactive ingredient in marijuana) per milliliter of blood. Any amount of
marijuana is illegal for those under 21. Colorado has a similar standard.



 Drugged driving appears to be a growing problem, according to a 2015 study by
the Governors Highways Safety Association. The study found the percentage of
drivers testing positive for marijuana or other illegal drugs is increasing. In
2013 and 2014, 15.1 percent of drivers tested positive for drugs, up from 12.4
percent in 2007.



 The group found 38 percent of people who died in auto accidents in 2013 and
were tested had detectable levels of potentially impairing drugs - both legal
and illegal - in their system. That percentage is almost the same as those
testing positive for alcohol.



 The most common drugs detected were marijuana (34.7 percent) and amphetamines
(9.7 percent), which includes nasal decongestants and drugs to treat attention
deficit hyperactivity disorder.



 A recent report by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety concluded there is no
scientific basis for setting numerical limits for marijuana and driving. These
limits are arbitrary and unsupported by science, the group says.



 The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety is calling for repeal of state laws that
specify concentrations for driving while impaired by marijuana. These laws could
result in unsafe drivers going free, while others are wrongfully convicted for
impaired driving, the group said.



 The foundation is recommending that states replace these laws with measures
that would allow specially trained police officers to determine if a driver is
impaired. Police could test for the presence of THC, instead of looking for a
specific threshold.



 According to the report, people with relatively high levels of THC in their
systems may not be impaired, especially if they use marijuana regularly. In
contrast, some drivers with relatively low THC levels may drive unsafely. This
finding is very different from alcohol, where it is known that crash risk
increases significantly when a person has higher blood-alcohol concentrations,
the foundation notes.



 Likely complicating the issue of drugged driving further is a recent Supreme
Court decision that said that a suspected drunk driver cannot face criminal
penalty for refusing to undergo a warrantless blood alcohol test. While the case
involved alcohol, it could have implications for cases involving drugged
driving, Woodruff said, as currently there is no breath test for drugged
driving.



 He added, "It's a challenge to separate marijuana's effects on driving from
alcohol because so many people use them together."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     December 15, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Research and Markets: Shale Oil Revolution in USA, Its Influence on Industry

LENGTH: 330  words


Dec. 15 -- Research and Markets
(http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8jf8dr/the_shale_oil) has announced
the addition of the "The Shale Oil Revolution in the USA, Its Influence on the
Industry" report to their offering.

The shale revolution in the USA is the most topical issue in the world oil
market. The balance of demand and supply and, correspondingly, oil prices and
other things depend on it.

The shale gas revolution some time ago stirred the world energy market and led
to serious changes in the gas market. Natural gas forecasts had to be seriously
revised predicting the emergence of the USA as a major natural gas importer.
This time we have to analyze consequences of the second shale revolution - an
oil one.

So, who is right? How will the second shale revolution in North America
influence the Russian oil sector? A new report by the National Energy Security
Fund answers these questions.

The report elaborates on the following issues:

Notion of shale and unconventional oil

World reserves of unconventional oil: what is the scope of imagination?

Main deposits of unconventional oil in the USA

* Reserves

* Production capacity

* Evolution of deposit development

Economy of American shale projects

* Assessment of production costs

* Debts

* Influence of low world prices

Main players in the North American market

Technological factor

* The real development of unconventional oil production technologies

Forecast of shale oil production in the medium-term perspective

Key Topics Covered:

1. General Provisions, Classification and Methodology

2. Production of Shale Oil and Liquid Hydrocarbons (LH): Main Tendencies

3. Shale Oil Production in the USA

4. Shale Oil Production in Canada

5. World Shale Potential

6. Petroleum Producers in the USA: Independent Players on the Market

7. Technological Factor

8. Forecast of Shale Oil and LH Production Until 2040

9. Conversion Table

For more information visit
http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8jf8dr/the_shale_oil

Source: Research and Markets

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 3, 2009 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 11/3/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 330 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Bradley Jon Seymour, 2235 Fox Chase Drive, Hanover; retail theft; waived to
court.

Bradley Jon Seymour, 2235 Fox Chase Drive, Hanover; retail theft; waived to
court.

Bradley Jon Seymour, 2235 Fox Chase Drive, Hanover; retail theft; waived to
court.

Jeffrey Todd Morgan, 832 Leisters Church Road, Westminster, Md.; driving under
the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, driving while operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to
court.

Eric Richards, 415 Frederick St., second floor, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving while operator's privilege suspended or revoked, back up
vehicle improperly; waived to court.

Thomas Shawn Jarvis, 5 Orin Court, Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, operating vehicle without valid inspection; waived to court.

George Michael Weber, 23 W. Walnut St., Hanover; Codorus State Park; aggravated
assault, simple assault, reckless endangerment, harassment, violation of rules
and regulations; held for court.
---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Steven D. Kehler, 421 Lincoln St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Lance M. Lauer, 1044 W. Market St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under suspension, stop
signs/yield signs; waived to court.

Brittany L. Johnston, 385 Lynne Drive, Mount Wolf; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Glidden Soto-Torres, 785 E. King St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver, aggravated assault, fleeing/elude police, criminal
mischief-damage property; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          September 24, 2008 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 09/24/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 666 words


District Court 19-2-01 covers Springettsbury and Hellam townships, Hallam and
Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Sonjia Marie Horn, 7 N. Pearl St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Angel Luis Berrios, 679 Wallace St.; retail theft, possession of instruments of
crime; held for court in absentia.

Stephen C. Holtzapple, 433 Lincoln St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, improper left
turn; held for court.

Kevin Paul McGarry Jr., 1359 Snyder Corner Road, Red Lion; driving under the
influence: controlled substance/impaired ability, driving under the influence:
controlled substance, unauthorized use of motor/other vehicle, driving under
suspension, required financial responsibility; held for court in absentia.

Katrina Marie Rivera, 558 N. Plum St., No. 4, Lancaster; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, turning movements/required signals; held for court in absentia.

Riana Shariece White, 256 Walnut St.; retail theft, possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Nicole Marie Latshaw, aka Nicole Guessford, 243 E. Poplar St.; identity theft,
theft by deception; waived to court.

Stacey J. Stegemerten, 1698 Long Level Road, Wrightsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, disregard flashing red signal; waived to court.

Brian James Walters, 115 112th Ave., No. 424, St. Petersburg, FL; driving under
the influence: general impairment; waived to court.

James Allen McKain, 307 Harvestview North, Mount Joy; intent to possess
controlled substance by person not registered, possession of drug paraphernalia,
registration/certificate of title required; waived to court.

Nicole Lynn Hefferman, 3705 Bedfordshire Drive; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Donald V. Nauman Sr., 3585 Starview Road, Emigsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; held for court.

William Allen Raines, 123 North 4th St., Wrightsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, period for requiring lighted lamps, driving on
roadways laned for traffic; waived to court.

Alana May Bryant, 1981 State St., No. 1, East Petersburg; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving on right side of roadway; held for court.

Leah Ann Stockman, 1515 Hunter Drive, Dover; retail theft; held for court.

Dianna Marie Senkbeil, 2001 Red Bank Road, Lot 509, Dover; retail theft; held
for court in absentia.

George Terek IV, 1729 Long Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: minors; resisting arrest/other law
enforcement; waived to court.

Natashia Lynn Dellinger, 51-B Artman Ave., Hellam; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Samuel L. Ricker, 1141 Delta Road, Red Lion; bad checks; held for court in
absentia.

Katelyn E. Welsh, 375 Dew Drop Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment, failure to stop at
red signal; waived to court.

Lisa Ann Hillegass, 5905 Susquehanna Trail, Manchester; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, marijuana-small amount for personal use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jason Michael Harner, 462 W. Middle St., Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Terrance Levar Banks, 636 Third St., Lancaster; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
under suspension; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O14

LENGTH: 494 words


Jessica Marie Bondurant, 26, of the 300 block of Westmont Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 1 and was fined $810.

Shatara Nakita Jones, 21, of the 5400 block of Hereford Farm Road in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 10 and was fined $810.

Jason Michael Mayberry, 25, of the 1500 block of Brown Road in Hephzibah, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 9 and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $810.

Anthony O'Brian Knotts, 22, of the 1000 block of Land N Road in Lincolnton, Ga.,
was charged with driving under the influence on June 8 and was fined $810.

Richard Alfonso Johnson, 44, of Cedar Hill Road in McCormick, S.C., was charged
with driving under the influence on Feb. 8, 1997, and was sentenced to 90 days
in jail.

Jordan Bartlett Jones, 18, of the 500 block of S. Bay Court in Tolar, Texas, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 19 and was fined $810.

Melissa Ann Mitchell, 40, of the 2000 block of Summerton Circle in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 9 and was fined $810.

Jimmy Wayne Crosby, 53, of the 2200 block of Tudor Road in Dearing, Ga., was
charged with driving under the influence on June 8 and was fined $810.

Joseph Michael Kallas, 35, of the 300 block of Old Plantation Road in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on April 14 and was fined $810.

Paul Alex Majerus, 22, of the 700 block of Lanham Road in Edgefield, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence on June 7 and was sentenced to 30 days
in jail.

Leo E. Thomas III, 35, of the 300 block of Crown Mill Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 8 and was sentenced to 60 days
in jail.

Martin Naitrel Beard, 31, of Dearing, Ga., was charged with driving under the
influence on April 8 and was fined $810.

John Mark Capers V, 41, of the 100 block of Retreat Road in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on May 13 and was fined $810.

Christopher Allen Fox, 26, of the 200 block of Ridgeland Drive in North Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on May 10 and was sentenced to 18
months probation and was fined $810.

Andrea Denise Mikles, 20, of the 100 block of Brake Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 16 and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $810.

Gabriele Safley Flanigan, 35, of the 3900 block of Dent Street in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 12 and was sentenced to 24
months probation and was fined $810.

Mark Alan Stephenson, 45, of the 4400 block of Summerlin Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 14 and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $810.

Michael Spencer Haynie, 17, of the 600 block of Chamblain Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on April 8 and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $835.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 19, 2008 Monday

Singer-songwriters' tour comes to Salt Lake City

BYLINE: By David Burger The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Features

LENGTH: 526 words


A month after the Hotel Cafe tour stopped in town with a stable full of
experienced singer-songwriters, another concert tour stops here with three
up-and-coming singer-songwriters.

Mason Jennings, Missy Higgins and Brett Dennen will be at the Paladium on
Wednesday.

Mason Jennings

Jennings, 33, is a Minnesota balladeer who told The Salt Lake Tribune that he
derives influences from Leadbelly and Hank Williams Sr., but his favorite is Led
Zeppelin - at least the softer, acoustic tunes like "Going to California" and
"Tangerine."

Those influences shine through in Jennings' latest album, "In the Ever," which
was released today.

"This album is very personal to me," he said. "It feels very current."

It is Jennings' first album on his new label, Brushfire Records, which was
established by fellow mellow singer Jack Johnson. Johnson even sings on
Jennings' plea for religious tolerance, "I Love You and Buddha Too."

While not blatantly religious, much of the album speaks about "searching for a
higher power," Jennings said, "feeling a divine love."

To hear Jennings before you go, check out the scenes of Christian Bale
portraying Bob Dylan in the just released DVD "I'm Not There." It's Jennings,
and not Bale, singing "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll."

Missy Higgins

Higgins, 24, is an Australian acoustic guitarist and pianist who recently
supported Independent Record Store Day in her new adopted hometown of Los
Angeles.

"Independent record stores are really suffering," she told The Salt Lake
Tribune. "I feel sorry for them, That tradition is dying. It's an encouragement
to get out of the house. My favorite store near my house [in Australia] is going
out of business."

Higgins is touring in support of her second album, ''On a Clear Night,''
released in 2007. While her first piano-driven album was quieter and more
introspective, her newest release displays more guitars, which can be attributed
to writing songs for the new album while touring. After all, a guitar is more
portable than a piano.

"I probably write more ballady, emotional songs on piano and write more upbeat
songs on the guitar," she said.

Brett Dennen

Dennen, 28, a Californian, finger-picking singer-songwriter with folk and pop
leanings, will return to Salt Lake City later this summer when he opens for John
Mayer in addition to Colbie Caillat.

Dennen has opened for Mayer before. In 2006 and 2007, Mayer invited her to open
for him after Dennen released his second album, "So Much More."

"Sometimes I feel bad because I don't know the names of [Mayer's] songs," Dennen
told Rolling Stone last year. "But I definitely think he's the s ."

"So Much More" was Dennen's commercial breakthrough, becoming the No. 1 folk
album download on iTunes.

His critical breakthrough came in November 2007, when Rolling Stone named Dennen
as one of their "10 Artists To Watch."

---

* DAVID BURGER can be reached at dburger@sltrib.com or 801-257-8620. Send
comments about this story to livingeditor@sltrib.com

If you go

* Mason Jennings, Missy Higgins and Brett Dennen perform Wednesday at the
Paladium, 415 W. 600 North.

* Doors open at 7 p.m.

* Tickets are $20 in advance, $25 day of, at SmithsTix and 24Tix.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mason Jennings, left, a Minnesota singer-songwriter who derives
influences from Leadbelly and Hank Williams Sr. will perform with Australian
acoustic guitarist and pianist Missy Higgins, above, Wednesday at the Paladium.
Mason Jennings, left, a Minnesota singer-songwriter who derives influences from
Leadbelly and Hank Williams Sr. will perform with Australian acoustic guitarist
and pianist Missy Higgins, above, Wednesday at the Paladium.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Sanders' influence seen in Dem platform

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1054 words


July 25--PHILADELPHIA -- Democrats today will formally adopt a platform that
attempts to bridge the camps of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders without
serving as an albatross around the nominee's neck.

The platform, which the party describes as "the most progressive platform in the
history of party politics," amounts to a policy statement at the Democratic
National Convention that is unenforceable on the party's nominee -- except by
voters.

"Most people are cynical and believe that what's in a platform doesn't matter,"
said Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia's Center for Politics.
"That's truly wrong. The best studies of platforms over the years indicate that
two-thirds or three-fourths of pledges are either adopted in whole or part, or
the elected official makes serious attempts to get them adopted in whole or
part.

"They're not meaningless words on a page," he said. "They indicate where the
party activists are, and that matters to presidential candidates."

RELATED: DNC chair steps down over emails -- Full link to Democrats' platform

The recent platform committee meeting in Orlando was unusually contentious, but
Mr. Sanders' influence on the final product was clear.

That was particularly true in its call for a minimum wage of at least $15
indexed to inflation, a path to legalization of marijuana, and further expansion
of access to health insurance.

But Mrs. Clinton's imprint is also ever present.

"We are stronger together," the platform's preamble states, taking a page
directly from her campaign.

The platform takes frequent aim at Republican nominee Donald Trump's policies
and past business practices and flatly questions his qualifications.

Catherine Hernandez, a third-grade teacher at Toledo Public Schools and
recording secretary for the Ohio Federation of Teachers, served as one of Ohio's
three Clinton representative on the platform committee in Orlando.

She said she does not believe the final product would drag Mrs. Clinton too far
to the left and leave her vulnerable in the general election.

"It really shows where the majority of youth are in the country, as well as
people who know that they want to make things right," Ms. Hernandez said. ".. We
came out [of the platform meeting] with unity between Hillary, Bernie, and the
party. ... We're clearly on the same side on all the issues."

The plan calls for new enforceable conditions to protect national security,
workers, and the environment in future trade deals, such as the proposed
Trans-Pacific Partnership pact. Both Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump have been highly
critical of such deals and of Mrs. Clinton. The North American Free Trade
Agreement, for instance, was signed by her husband, President Bill Clinton.

The Clinton faction fought back an attempt by the senator from Vermont to write
opposition to the TPP into the platform. President Obama backs the trade deal.

While Mrs. Clinton has said she doesn't believe the current version of TPP meets
the new standards, Mr. Trump has predicted she would sign it as president
anyway.

There was still some question whether some Sanders delegates might try to bring
TPP opposition up for a floor vote.

The platform, for the first time, seeks an end to capital punishment and calls
for a "multimillionaire surtax."

It proposes to build on Obamacare by providing for a public insurance option in
addition to expanded Medicaid and private policies available through state and
federal insurance exchanges. But the platform does not embrace a Medicare
single-payer system for all as Mr. Sanders had sought.

It calls for generating more of the nation's energy from clean sources and would
set a price on carbon pollution. But it stopped short of calling for a carbon
"tax."

This is a sore spot for Mrs. Clinton as she pushes for green energy while
simultaneously fighting to reverse the impression she's trying to put coal
miners out of work in key battleground states like Ohio and Pennsylvania.

The platform applauds last year's U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay
marriage while seeking further anti-discrimination protection laws. The party's
last platform in 2012 was the first to endorse same-sex marriage after President
Obama changed his position.

The Republican platform adopted last week remains opposed.

The final draft of the platform up for a vote specifically mentions Ohio when it
comes to voting rights, citing what it calls Republican voter-suppression
efforts.

State Rep. Alicia Reece (D., Cincinnati) served on the committee that put
together the early draft sent to Orlando for debate. She defended the platform's
explicit support for Ohio's effort to write a voter bill of rights into the
state constitution.

"We fought hard for that," she said. "At a time when Ohio is so critical -- you
can't get to the White House without coming through Ohio -- it's important to
have this base of folks say enough is enough. We're willing to organize,
volunteer, and try to change the system."

She also said that having such a left-leaning platform is a good thing.

"Our base is progressive and is diverse," she said. "That's the reason why we
have spirited debate, because we are so diverse and represent so many diverse
people and interests. [The platform] says a lot about our party."

The Democratic platform, in a Sanders-sought provision that passed by a single
vote in the platform-writing process, calls for a "reasoned pathway for future
legalization" of marijuana. Mrs. Clinton has voiced support only for medical
marijuana.

When the former secretary of state, senator from New York, and first lady walks
off the stage of Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center Thursday night as the first
female nominee of a major party, she will launch a road trip that will bring her
through Pennsylvania and ultimately Ohio this weekend -- Youngstown on Saturday
and Columbus on Sunday.

And she will attempt to follow the path the party has laid before her, Mr.
Sabato said.

"If elected, she'll want to avoid a primary challenge in 2020, whether it's
Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, or anybody else," he said. "That tends to
weaken an incumbent president. When that happens, it's a bad sign."

Contact Jim Provance at: jprovance@theblade.com or 614-221-0496.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160725-TO-Sanders-influence-seen-in-Dem-platform-0725-20160725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

RI State Police Arrest Ten Subjects for Driving Under the Influence During the
Holiday Weekend

LENGTH: 356  words


Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested ten (10) subjects for Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs
during the past Columbus Day holiday weekend.


The following is a list of the ten (10) people who were arrested and their
pending charges:
Pedro Inoa, age 46 of 163 Linwood Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Edward Campana, age 24, of 156 Berwick Road, Attleboro, Massachusetts
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Herbert Walmsley, age 47, of 855 Broad Street, Apt. 3L, Central Falls, Rhode
Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (Phase I 0.197, Phase II 0.211
Christopher Montenegro, age 28, of 28 Mani Street, Cumberland, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Richard Daley, age 30, of 376 Douglas Street, Uxbridge, Massachusetts
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Nadiurka Rosari, age 33, of 30A Main Street, 2nd Floor, Cumberland, Rhode Island

oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Jonathan Vaughn, age 26, of 100 Arcadia Avenue, Apt. A2, Cranston, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (Phase I .216, Phase II .224)
Marco Alvarez-Vega, age 42, of 80 Dogwood Drive, Apt. 302, West Warwick, Rhode
Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (Phase I .186, Phase II .188)
Ian McCamphill, age 37, of 9 Fox Run, Portsmouth, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (Phase I .150, Phase II .141)
Carol Jimenez, age 41, of 820 Atwells Avenue, Apt. 20, Providence, Rhode Island
oDriving Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs (BAC Unknown)
oRefusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
oDriving with a Suspended License 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to salesforce.com, inc (California) on February 10 titled as
"Method and system for determining a user's brand influence"

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,954,449, on
February 10, 2015, to salesforce.com, inc (California), titled as "Method and
system for determining a user's brand influence"

Inventors:  Nelson; Marcus (El Cerrito, CA), McConnell; Jager (San Francisco,
CA), Peter; Ciara (San Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  salesforce.com, inc. (San Francisco, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for identifying an influencer of a brand is disclosed. The method
embodiment includes scanning social media objects published by at least one
social networking entity to identify a first social media object posted by a
first user and relating to a brand associated with a product, an enterprise, a
service, a person, a concept, and/or a trackable object. The social media
objects include messages, video and audio clips, and/or image files posted by a
plurality of users. The method also includes calculating a brand influence score
for the first user based on a plurality of influence factors. The brand
influence score for the first user is compared to a threshold influence score,
and the first user is identified as a brand influencer when the first user's
brand influence score is greater than the threshold influence score."

The patent was filed on April 4, 2012 Application no. 13/439,200

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to salesforce.com, inc (California) on February 10 titled as
"Method and system for determining a user's brand influence"

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,954,449, on
February 10, 2015, to salesforce.com, inc (California), titled as "Method and
system for determining a user's brand influence"

Inventors:  Nelson; Marcus (El Cerrito, CA), McConnell; Jager (San Francisco,
CA), Peter; Ciara (San Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  salesforce.com, inc. (San Francisco, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for identifying an influencer of a brand is disclosed. The method
embodiment includes scanning social media objects published by at least one
social networking entity to identify a first social media object posted by a
first user and relating to a brand associated with a product, an enterprise, a
service, a person, a concept, and/or a trackable object. The social media
objects include messages, video and audio clips, and/or image files posted by a
plurality of users. The method also includes calculating a brand influence score
for the first user based on a plurality of influence factors. The brand
influence score for the first user is compared to a threshold influence score,
and the first user is identified as a brand influencer when the first user's
brand influence score is greater than the threshold influence score."

The patent was filed on April 4, 2012 Application no. 13/439,200

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to salesforce.com, inc (California) on February 10 titled as
"Method and system for determining a user's brand influence"

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,954,449, on
February 10, 2015, to salesforce.com, inc (California), titled as "Method and
system for determining a user's brand influence"

Inventors:  Nelson; Marcus (El Cerrito, CA), McConnell; Jager (San Francisco,
CA), Peter; Ciara (San Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  salesforce.com, inc. (San Francisco, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for identifying an influencer of a brand is disclosed. The method
embodiment includes scanning social media objects published by at least one
social networking entity to identify a first social media object posted by a
first user and relating to a brand associated with a product, an enterprise, a
service, a person, a concept, and/or a trackable object. The social media
objects include messages, video and audio clips, and/or image files posted by a
plurality of users. The method also includes calculating a brand influence score
for the first user based on a plurality of influence factors. The brand
influence score for the first user is compared to a threshold influence score,
and the first user is identified as a brand influencer when the first user's
brand influence score is greater than the threshold influence score."

The patent was filed on April 4, 2012 Application no. 13/439,200

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Granite City chef enhances menu with fresh-brewed beer

BYLINE: By Sally Eyre, Daily Herald Correspondent

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 735 words


Marc Tromble, executive chef for the Granite City Food and Brewery now in
Naperville, began cooking under his German mother's tutorage. After graduating
from high school however, he embarked on a journey in pursuit of his cooking
career. The first stop was Colorado where he worked for the Denver Buffalo
Company, then it was on to New York to attend The Culinary Institute of America.

After an internship in Florida, he came to Chicago to cook for the Lettuce
Entertain You Enterprises. Next, he traveled to California to work with the
Patina Restaurant group in Los Angeles. He headed back to the Midwest as the
executive chef at McCormick and Schmick's in Indianpolis. Now he's back in the
Chicago area learning how to weave beer into his locally focused menus.

With your German roots and French culinary training, how do you describe your
cooking style? My style of food is actually very simple. Take the freshest
seasonal ingredients at their peak and keep it simple. If you have the best
product available you should enhance them not cover them up.

Your career has taken you across the United States. What have you learned about
food from the different regions? Each place has its own identity and style of
food, so with each place that I have gone I have learned something new. I try to
learn recipes and new dishes from each place, work with local farmers and
purveyors from each location. My favorite place has to be California because of
how diverse the food is. Because of the climate you can get just about anything
you could ever want to cook with.

Who has had the greatest influence on your cooking? I would have to say the
greatest influence on my cooking was Eric Lhuillier of the Patina Restaurant
Group. He really taught me to look at food differently and utilize local
purveyors and local seafood.

At Granite City, how does the brewery influence the menu? The beer that our
brewers create really go well with all of our food. Beer is just like wine in
the fact that they each have their own characteristics. Many of the recipes that
we have in our kitchen utilize our beer in the cooking process to enhance the
flavor of the dishes. So both the beer and the food go hand in hand.

What should diners know about pairing beer with food? When you pair food with
beer you want to use like profiles together. You are looking to enhance each
other not cover them up.

Is it difficult to cater to special dietary needs? We believe in providing the
very best food to all of our guests. When we have a guest that comes in and has
a dietary need I take it as a challenge. This is also a time where you can get
creative and really make a guest feel you care about their needs. I think too
many chefs take this as a negative and they should use this to keep their guests
happy.

Do you cook at home? I usually do not cook at home. I like to try new
restaurants and to keep up on food trends in the restaurant industry. I think it
is important to see what our competition is doing. Many dishes that I have
created were inspired by something that I have seen or eaten at another
restaurant.

Where do you like to dine on your day off? I love all types of cuisine and it
usually depends on how I'm feeling on that particular day. However I'm very fond
of Asian food because the flavors and ingredients are so different.

What five ingredients do you think are essential to any kitchen? Salt, pepper,
garlic, olive oil and butter. These are all used daily in my kitchen.

What is your favorite cooking gadget? A Vitamix blender for its many different
functions.

What is the most important thing you learned in cooking school? Mis en place,
having all your ingredients in place.

Tell us about this recipe: Pulled Barbecue Pork on a Roasted Corn Jalapeno
Waffle. The components of the dish work very well with each other. Chicken and
Waffles is a very Southern dish and the waffle lends itself well with the
barbecue pork. The jalepeno in the waffle gives the dish a little heat and makes
the waffle a more savory component. The best tip for the dish is to make sure
the waffles are crispy so that when you put the pork and the barbecue sauce on
the waffle it stays crispy. A very nice lager would be perfect with this dish.

Try it at home or at Granite City Food and Brewery, 1828 Abriter Court,
Naperville. (630) 544-3700.

* To recommend a chef to be profiled, send the chef's name and contact
information to food@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 11, 2012 Monday

Crime Watch for 06/01/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


District Judge Thomas J. Reilly's office covers North Codorus, Paradise,
Jackson, Manheim, Heidelberg and Co dorus townships, Spring Grove, Seven
Valleys, New Salem and Jefferson.

DISPOSITIONS

Richard B. Bolen, 776 Baltimore St., Hanover; manufacture, delivery or
possession of a controlled substance; held for court.

Lance Moore, c/o York County Prison; terroristic threats, simple assault,
recklessly endangering another person; held for court.

Jamie B. Smith, 820 W. Alvin St., Hanover; possession of a controlled substance,
possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived for court.

Trenton P. Rambo, 607 28th Ave. East, Seattle, Wash.; driving under the
influence; waived for court.

Scott L. McCotter, c/o York County Prison; terroristic threats, harassment;
waived for court.

Megan A. McDaniel, c/o York County Prison; driving under the influence; waived
for court.

Melissa Benton, c/o York County Prison; identity theft, false reports, driving
under suspension-driving under the influence related; held for court.

Andrew M. Moffitt, c/o Adams County Prison; driving under the influence, alcohol
by minor; waived for court.

Edwin S. McNichol, 1364-1 Keiser Lane, Seven Valleys; driving under the
influence; waived for court.

---

District Judge Scott E. Laird's office covers York Township, Dallastown and Yoe.

DISPOSITIONS

Juvenile, 1906 Pin Oak Drive; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor; pleaded guilty.

Brian Sutton, 3556 Mark Drive; retail theft; pleaded guilty.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             April 24, 2011 Sunday
                                  Mars Edition

Democratic District 4 South Bend Common Council

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1172 words


Democratic District 4 South Bend Common Council

Name: Tom Cavanaugh

Age: 64

Occupation: Retired; Previously worked in sales and marketing

Education: Bachelor of arts, business with minor in marketing, Moravian College
in Pennsylvania

Cavanaugh said he would like the council to pass an ordinance extending
employment discrimination protection to gays and lesbians. Council members voted
down such a measure last fall.

He said the ordinance is important for bringing jobs to South Bend because some
people and companies, especially those in the technology sector, might be
uncomfortable in the city if they don't feel protected against discrimination.

Cavanaugh also said city leaders should cut regulatory red tape for businesses
and promote South Bend in Chicago and the rest of Illinois, where state
lawmakers recently raised taxes.

"We have a lot to offer that in the past has not been promoted in the proper
context," he said.

"If we bring decent jobs to the community, it would influence crime, it would
influence the tax base, it would even influence the way the city looks with
vacant housing and so forth."

Finally, Cavanaugh said the city has to do a better job of code enforcement to
improve and protect neighborhoods. That means making sure grass is mowed,
buildings are maintained properly and sidewalks are clear of snow during winter.

"We have a wonderful community," he said. "We just want it to look like a
wonderful community."

Name: Marcus Ellison

Age: 35

Occupation: Lawyer, private practice

Education: B.A., government and classics, Georgetown University; J.D.,
University of Notre Dame Law School; M.B.A., concentration in electronic
commerce, University of Phoenix; Working on doctorate of business
administration, Argosy University

Jobs and economic development are Ellison's top priorities.

"I think we need to start with the small businesses and the existing employers
and we have to cut through the red tape," he said. "We need to talk with the
small business owners and survey them to see what they need to grow their
businesses."

Ellison would work to streamline the process and set up a "one-stop shop" for
businesses to obtain permits.

A former deputy prosecutor, Ellison also would like to increase transparency on
the public safety front by creating a page on the city's website where arrests
are listed weekly and people can track whether a suspect is charged, when the
case is going to trial and the sentencing outcome.

"It's all public information," he said, "it's just not gathered and presented in
that way."

Finally, Ellison also wants to strengthen neighborhoods. "That's what we need to
get more people to move back into the city to get our population headed in the
other direction."

To help do that he would like to see the city designate one person as a
full-time grant writer to bring revenue to the city aside from taxes. That
person also could work with the many nonprofit organizations in the city, he
said.

Name: Dr. Fred Ferlic

Age: 65

Occupation: Orthopaedic surgeon

Education: Bachelor of science, pre-med, University of Notre Dame; Doctorate of
medicine, Cornell University; Surgical residency, University of Minnesota in
Minneapolis.

Ferlic, whose son Gavin is an at-large candidate, said the city must come up
with ways to help create high-paying jobs for young adults.

It can do this by streamlining the process by which new start-ups obtain needed
permits to do business because a new firm must go to five to seven different
departments to operate, he said.

"Businesses do not like bureaucracies," Ferlic said. "If you shorten the time
for a business plan to be actualized, the more fruitful the results are.

Ferlic said he would support a property tax abatement process that is so simple,
an application can be confined to one page.

Business property taxes also must be lowered, he said.

Ferlic said the city should utilize Master's of Business Administration students
from Notre Dame and IUSB as it prepares the budget each year, to seek their
analysis and suggestions on ways to make city operations more efficient.

To address the vacant house program, he said he thinks contractors would
volunteer to demolish abandoned homes. He said he has spoken to two such firms
who would volunteer.

"We're going to have to have more volunteerism because our tax dollars are
shrinking in this country," Ferlic said.

Ferlic said he doesn't have all of the answers to fix the city's problems, but
he thinks he could obtain some of them if elected.

"I've been trained in the scientific method, to observe, diagnose and treat," he
said. "I've very good at that. What I really want to do is ask the hard
questions, the elephant in the room that nobody wants to confront."

Name: Jim Neal

Age: 47

Occupation: Maintenance worker, AM General; Holds journeyman's card in machine
repair

Education: Completed course in machine repair, Ivy Tech Community College

Neal said the main issue for him on the council would be job creation and
helping local businesses already established in the city.

"We don't give enough support to our local businesses," he said. "We tend to
always give the farm away, as they say, to new businesses to get them here."

Neal said many business owners feel taxes in the city are too high, there's too
much regulatory red tape and the public school system isn't good enough. It also
doesn't help, he said, that Newsweek labeled South Bend a dying city.

"The school system isn't just the teachers. It involves the parents and the
whole community to make the system work," he said. "The system does work if you
help your kids, but they need help and guidance."

He also said he'll be responsive to the people in District 4.

"I'm not a desk person, I'm a hands-on person," he said. "If I'm elected, I'll
be out in the community. When someone calls, I'll be there."

Name: Rev. Timothy Rouse

Age: 72

Occupation: Pastor, First A.M.E. Zion Church; At-large member, South Bend Common
Council

Education: Honorary doctorate of divinity, Bethel College; Studied at Bethel
College and Indiana University South Bend

Rouse, now an at-large council member, said he will focus on working with the
new mayor and encouraging him to embrace High Performance Government Network, a
nonprofit organization that he said has helped 20 Indiana cities become more
efficient. He said the network can provide "principles and proven techniques to
enhance government in the city of South Bend."

Rouse also said he will work on implementing a new city ordinance that he
sponsored on the Common Council. The ordinance is aimed at maximizing
participation and opportunities for local contractors, labor, and minority- and
women-owned businesses. He said it will "try to keep the money local and enhance
local business development."

Finally, Rouse said, he wants to bring more attention to the proactive things
South Bend leaders are doing to make the city a better place. "We just need to
use the tools we have and the things we have on the horizon to enhance our
continued economic growth and development."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday

Local officials vow crackdown on boating under the influence

BYLINE: Steven henshaw, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


July 03--Sharing a keg of beer with friends on your pontoon for a floating
cookout on a river or lake might be an enjoyable way to spend the Fourth of July
-- until a state Fish & Boat Commission officer takes someone away in handcuffs.

State waterways conservation officers last year arrested 60 people boating under
the influence (BUI) on lakes and rivers, officials said. Though it's a much
lesser-known criminal offense than driving under the influence, BUI still
carries the same penalties as DUI.

"It's something we actively enforce," Sgt. Jeff Sabo, a waterways conservation
officer, said during a press conference by local law enforcement officials
Tuesday at a Blue Marsh Lake boat launch area in Bern Township.

"You can expect to see our officers doing roving land patrols, working
shorelines and boat ramps, and in a couple of boats," Sabo said.

Police and Assistant Berks County District Attorney Justin D. Bodor urged people
not to drink and drive -- either by automobile or watercraft -- warning that
police will be out in force to catch impaired drivers.

"It's not a time to have a family gathering spoiled by a DUI arrest or a driving
or boating accident," Bern Township Police Chief Wesley R. Waugh said.

Blue Marsh Lake is a destination waterway, drawing people from out of the area
for recreation, so officials want to make sure everyone is safe, Sabo said. He
added that the blood-alcohol threshold for drunken boating is the same as
drunken driving: 0.08 percent.

But not everyone gets the message.

Last weekend Fish & Boat Commission officers arrested three people for impaired
boating on the Susquehanna River in Lancaster County, Sabo said. The Susquehanna
south of Harrisburg and the lower Delaware River are two of the worst areas for
BUI offenses, he said.

Waterways conservation officers conduct saturation patrols on those rivers and
other destination waterways, including Lake Wallenpaupack in Pike County in the
Pocono Mountains region and Raystown Lake in Huntingdon County in the western
part of the state.

At Blue Marsh, regular patrols by park rangers with the Army Corps of Engineers
in addition to specialized enforcement details by the Fish & Boat officers seem
to discourage people from mixing alcohol with recreational boating, Sabo said.

The press conference at the Dry Brooks ramp was organized by Exeter Township
police Officer David Bentz, who is the county coordinator for the North Central
Regional DUI Enforcement Program.

Officials said fatalities from impaired driving spike around the Fourth of July.

Contact Steven Henshaw: 610-371-5028 or shenshaw@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130703-RE-Local-officials-vow-crackdown-on-boating-under-the-influence
-0703-20130703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday

Ohio loses two seats, clout in U.S. Congress;
Cleveland area expected to lose 1 seat; 2nd is unclear

BYLINE: By William Hershey Columbus Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 309 words


COLUMBUS - The news Tuesday that Ohio will lose two U.S. House seats as a result
of the 2010 census continues a 60-year slide that has seen the state's
congressional delegation shrink by 33 percent, taking with it some of the
state's influence on issues ranging from foreign policy to taxes.

Ohio didn't lose population over the last decade, it just didn't gain as much as
most others. As a result, Ohio and New York are the only states to lose two
seats. Ohio will have 16 seats in 2012 after the districts are redrawn, down
from 24 after the 1960 census.

Ohio still has political punch. Next month, for example, U.S. Rep. John Boehner,
R-West Chester Twp., will become the first speaker from Ohio in nearly 80 years.
But the state's influence in Congress has waned - along with the influence of
other Midwestern and Northeastern states - while California, Texas and other
western and southern seats continued huge gains.

Texas will go from 32 to 36 seats, the only state to gain four seats and thus
four additional members of Congress.

Ohio's 1.6 percent population growth pales next to the 35 percent growth rate
for Nevada, the nation's fastest-growing state. Nevada will gain one seat.

In Ohio, drawing new districts will be an all-Republican production, with the
Republican-controlled legislature next year drafting a law to be signed by
incoming Gov. John Kasich.

At least one Democratic district in northeastern Ohio is expected to disappear
on the new map, but Republican and Democratic strategists generally agree that
eliminating two Democratic districts could be tough.

"It's not impossible, but it's pretty difficult," said former Ohio Republican
Chairman Bob Bennett.

Republicans are already well positioned in Ohio. Thanks to a virtual sweep of
targeted Democratic seats in November, Republicans will control next year's Ohio
House delegation, 13-5.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              June 6, 2010 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

Many ingredients in Blue Lunch

BYLINE: ANDREW S. HUGHES, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 785 words


For the past few years, Cleveland's Blue Lunch has concentrated on adding New
Orleans R & B songs to its menu.

"It's infectious music, very fun," singer and harmonica player Pete London says
while driving through New York state on his way home after picking up a child
from college. "It's great rhythmically. There are great grooves."

But like a good gumbo, the Crescent City's music is only one of several strong
but complimentary ingredients in the eight-piece band's musical stew.

"It's sort of like what we do," guitarist Bob Frank says about New Orleans R & B
by telephone from his home in Shaker Heights, Ohio. "New Orleans music is
incredibly eclectic. There are influences in New Orleans music from all over -
the Caribbean, the Southern influence, the European influence, and it all sort
of congeals in New Orleans music, and that's what we do in this band, everything
from Delta blues to bop. That said, it's still a part of what we're doing."

The rest of what Blue Lunch serves includes expertly played Chicago, Delta and
jump blues; West Coast swing; bebop jazz and Southern soul music, all of which
will be on display when the band returns to Mishawaka's Midway Tavern on
Saturday.

"When we play live, we try to do something from every era of our playing," Frank
says. "We very seldom drop songs. We have this ridiculous repertoire. It's too
big, really."

For the most part, Blue Lunch's lineup has remained stable for several years
(London is the only original member from its founding in 1984), except on
saxophone. For the Midway gig, Andy Kopis, who played with Kelly Jay in The
Wolfpack, will fill in on sax, and Kopis' brother, Don, will open the show with
his new band, Dots, which plays original rock 'n' roll.

Since it last played at the Midway, Blue Lunch also has released "Sideswiped,"
its fifth and most recent infectious, toe-tapper of an album.

Five years, however, passed between "Sideswiped" and its predecessor, 2004's
"Big Sound Blues," and the band debated not making another album at all.

"I really had to convince myself that it was worth doing another CD because
buying habits and listening habits have changed to the extent that people don't
listen to CDs anymore," Frank says. "The whole concept of buying the music you
listen to is becoming extinct, but we had some new songs."

The band, however, sells most of its CDs at gigs, although it has made
individual tracks from "Sideswiped" available for digital download at
Amazon.com.

"There's a generational difference," London says. "People of our generation, and
most of us are in our 50s, those of us who are still into music buy CDs."

And, London says, Blue Lunch has a good track record with its releases.

"We have found that when we do CDs, they do sell," he says. "We don't end up
with a garage full of them. We've done second and third pressings of them, and
we have gotten airplay all over the world."

Also, Frank says, making albums contributes to the band's identity.

"My feeling is that we should be artistically competitive with everybody," he
says. "Whether we're a local band or a regional band or whatever we are, we
should be making music on a par with anybody. Obviously, it would be easier to
play 'Sweet Home Chicago' in the bars, but I feel we should be artistically
competitive with anybody."

Frank wrote all of the originals on "Sideswiped," each of them a creative but
authentic take on the different styles and eras Blue Lunch plays. He doesn't,
however, read music, and Frank says that works out well for the band when it
arranges his originals.

"I try to bring the song in as more of a sketch," he says. "I don't like to tell
everybody what to do. I feel that if you're working with good people, you should
get the benefit of their input and talent. That makes the material fresh and
they become more invested."

The band, Frank says, finally decided to make "Sideswiped" when the new owners
of the studio where Blue Lunch had recorded before offered the band studio time
at half-price.

And for a band with eight members, including keyboards and a horn section, Frank
says, home recording isn't an option.

"To me, home recording is like home surgery," he says. "I like to leave it to
the professionals. ? Recording our band, we don't take short cuts. Everything is
tracked live and everything is done the right way. It takes time and costs
money, but I'm glad we did it. Like I said, we had some really good new material
and wanted to get it out there for people to hear it."

In concert

Blue Lunch, with opening act Dots, performs at 8 p.m. Saturday at the Midway
Tavern, 810 W. Fourth St., Mishawaka. Admission is $12. For more information,
call (574) 255-0458 or visit the website themidwaytavern.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            August 16, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 08/07/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Mark Anthony Rhoades, 292 W. Maple St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving on
divided highways, driving under suspension-driving under the influence related;
waived to court.

---
District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Dennis L. Minnich, 10385 Mentzer Gap Road, Waynesboro; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Martha Copenheaver, 3951 Tunnel Hill Road; retail theft; found guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Gregory Bahn, 1202 Baltimore St., Hanover; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Jeremy E. Hamm, 1175 Roth Church Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence
; waived to court.

Vicki Peltzer, 941 Knottingham Lane, Apt. 5; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Sten M. Witmer, 2141 Slagel Road, Spring Grove; possession of marijuana,
possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Dawn Gardner, 1390 Little Lane, Seven Valleys; simple assault, harassment;
waived to court.

Adrian A. Aumen, 207 Sunset Ave., Hanover; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Steven Gaither, 4520 Beard School Road, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Trinity Excavating, Inc., 953 Trinity Road; control of alarm device; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Marcus L. Kaiser, 10701 Coral Ridge Road, Fayetteville; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Loren D. Riebling, 4995 Arnold Road, Glenville; fishing without a license;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Steven E. Webb, 65 Ruth Shriver Road, Westminster, Md.; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Robert Chronister, 136 N. Water St., Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Matthew Whitmore, 28 N. Main St., Spring Grove; purchase, consumption,
possession or transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverage by minor;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Matthew D. Stewart, 11621 Wyndham Lane, Glen Rock; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kevin R. Warren, 6688 Manheim Road, Glenville; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Michael F. Wellein, 7534 St. Johns Road, Glenville; unlicensed dog, unvaccinated
dog; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Patrick A. Riley, 110 Foxfire Court, N. Augusta, S.C.; fishing without a
license; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Richard J. Dulaney, 807 W. Baker Ave., Abington, Md.; fishing without a license;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Matthew B. Kuehnle, 3531 A Roser Road, Glen Rock; criminal mischief; pleaded
guilty, scheduled to pay fine and costs.

Donald E. Nikstaitis, 45 Toll Gate Road, Hanover; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
general boating regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday
                             Politifact.com Edition

DONALD TRUMP EXAGGERATES WHEN HE SAYS CHINA HAS 'TOTAL CONTROL' OVER NORTH KOREA

BYLINE: LOUIS JACOBSON

SECTION: POLITIFACT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1321 words


China has "total control, just about, of North Korea."

- Donald Trump on Thursday, January 14th, 2016 in a Republican presidential
debate in North Charleston, S.C.

* * *

The Ruling: MOSTLY FALSE

During the presidential race, Republican candidate Donald Trump has often
criticized China, most often on economic grounds. But in the Republican
presidential debate in North Charleston, S.C., on Jan. 14, 2016, Trump also took
a shot at China over foreign policy -- specifically for not doing enough to rein
in its neighbor, North Korea.

Trump said, "China, they don't like to tell us but they have total control --
just about, of North Korea. They can solve the problem of North Korea if they
wanted to, but they taunt us."

With the secretive nation back in the news for its claimed (but unverified)
hydrogen bomb test earlier this month, we wondered whether Trump was right that
China has "total control, just about, of North Korea."

When we took a closer look at this question, we found that experts on the region
offered a nuanced answer. China, they said, does have notable influence over
North Korea because it provides or enables transit for much of North Korea's
supply of goods from the outside world. But that influence, they added, falls
well short of "total control."

"China does not 'control' North Korea in any real sense of the word, but it has
influence over North Korea -- perhaps not as much as we think, but more than
Beijing is willing to acknowledge," said Evans J.R. Revere, a senior fellow at
the Brookings Institution's Center for East Asia Policy Studies.

Robert Ross, a China expert at Boston College and Harvard University, compared
the relationship between China and North Korea to that between a parent and a
teenager.

"It's similar to dealing with a rebellious adolescent," Ross said. "Do the
parents have total control? Perhaps - they provide food and shelter. But the
cost to the parents of using such leverage can be prohibitive - driving a child
out of the house and away from the family. China has much at stake in its
strategic and economic relationship with North Korea. But is there total
control? That is debatable."

---

China's leverage over North Korea

The strongest argument for China having significant control over North Korea
stems from its role in trade, particularly food and fuel.

North Korea has a lengthy land border with China -- its longest with any
neighbor -- and while North Korea also has seaports, the rest of the world can
more easily monitor shipments into those ports, making it preferable from North
Korea's perspective to move goods over land. Research by Stephan Haggard of the
University of California-San Diego and Marcus Noland of the Peterson Institute
for International Economics estimates that China may account for as much as 80
percent of North Korea's trade, and a similar percentage of its investment
flows.

"North Korea would face daunting economic problems if China were to fully
exercise its leverage, for example by cutting off oil supplies or threatening to
do so," Haggard told PolitiFact.

---

Why 'total control' is an exaggeration

Yet while China's economic lifeline gives it leverage, that doesn't mean it can
simply wave a wand and make things happen in Pyongyang -- something one might
reasonably assume when hearing Trump's quote. (The Trump campaign did not
respond to an inquiry.)

For starters, China has worried -- with reason, experts say -- that pushing so
hard that the current North Korean regime collapses would lead to a humanitarian
disaster on its border.

"China is reluctant to exercise its leverage, fearing possible effects of an
economic breakdown on its border and an outflow of refugees," Haggard said.

It also has become painfully obvious over the years that North Korea doesn't
exactly listen to outsiders.

"Mr. Trump is correct that the Chinese have leverage, but it is leverage they
would have to use with the North Korean regime resisting them with everything
they had," said Joseph de Thomas, a professor of international affairs at Penn
State University. "This is hardly control."

Not only has North Korea thumbed its nose at the United Nations and world
powers, but its government has taken extreme measures to keep its citizens
ignorant of the outside world. In fact, the country's national ideology -- juche
-- is undergirded by the concept of self-reliance.

"North Korea is a country that prides itself on answering to no one and
following no one's lead," Revere said. "This has been a consistent element of
North Korean behavior for decades, and is of course the reason why the regime is
such a danger for the United States, for South Korea, the East Asia region, and
the international community at large."

Indeed, despite North Korea's heavy reliance on China for food, fuel and
virtually all other goods, "it is not clear that the leadership cares," said
Ross of Boston College and Harvard. "For decades the population has lived in
extreme poverty, while the elite has fared very well."

Meanwhile, North Korea's development of its nuclear program has given it a
measure of strategic independence from China -- which only further complicates
China's situation.

This was on display with the recent test of the purported hydrogen bomb.

"China publicly and privately exhorted North Korea not to test nukes and
missiles over the past few months, to no avail," said Scott A. Snyder, director
of the program on U.S.-Korea policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. "As a
result, relations between China and North Korea are strained. Chinese President
Xi has not met with North Korea's Kim Jong-un, while meeting six times with the
South Korean leader."

That does not sound like a country in "total control" of another.

Trump's claim "suggests a fundamental lack of understanding of both China and
North Korea, both today and over the decades," Revere said. "It is virtually
certain that the Chinese were given no advance warning of the test, and Chinese
anger was quite evident in the public statements the government made after the
test. In the view of virtually every North Korea and China expert I know, the
nuclear test was a slap in China's face, in addition to being a major challenge
and threat to the international community."

---

Our ruling

Trump said China has "total control, just about, of North Korea."

He has a point that China holds significant leverage over North Korea if it
wishes to exercise it, since China provides the vast majority of North Korea's
international trade, including food and fuel imports. But Trump's assertion,
even slightly hedged as it is, overlooks some significant limits to that
leverage, notably the North Korean government's willingness to follow its own
drummer even if that means its people suffer. The fact that North Korea recently
conducted a nuclear test over the strenuous objections of China suggests that
Beijing lacks anything approaching "total control" over North Korea.

The statement contains some element of truth but ignores critical facts that
would give a different impression, so we rate it Mostly False.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Thursday, January 21st, 2016 at 12:20 p.m.

Researched by: Louis Jacobson

Edited by: Aaron Sharockman

Subjects: Foreign Policy, Nuclear

Sources:

Donald Trump, remarks during the Republican presidential debate in North
Charleston, S.C, Jan. 14, 2016

Email interview with Stephan Haggard, professor of Korea-Pacific Studies at the
University of California-San Diego, Jan. 16, 2015

Email interview with Evans J.R. Revere, senior fellow at the Brookings
Institution's Center for East Asia Policy Studies, Jan. 16, 2015

Email interview with Robert Ross, China scholar at Boston College and Harvard
University, Jan. 16, 2015

Email interview with Scott A. Snyder, director of the program on U.S.-Korea
policy at the Council on Foreign Relations, Jan. 16, 2015

Email interview with Joseph de Thomas, professor of international affairs at
Penn State University, Jan. 16, 2015

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - AP - Wong Maye-E: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un waves at a
parade in Pyongyang, North Korea, on Oct. 10, 2015. PHOTO (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 25, 2008 Friday

Even more Crime Watch for 04/25/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Nakoma C. Richardson, 4777 Fahringer Drive, Hellam; retail theft, disorderly
conduct; waived to court.

Christopher A. Miller, 858 Tioga St.; retail theft, resisting arrest; waived to
court.

Richy L. Hartenstine, 1515 N. Market St., Elizabethtown, Lancaster County;
disorderly conduct, invasion of privacy; waived to court.

Drew M. Zimmerman, 1801 Herman Drive; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Steven J. Henne, 35 Shamrock Circle, Westminster, Md.; accident involving
damages, reckless driving, driving at safe speed; held for court.

Joseph E. Alloway, 3300 Indian Rock Dam Road; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; held for court.

Keith A. Rohrer Sr., 7 Longstown Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, accident damage to unattended vehicle, driving wrong way, driving
under suspension, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; held for court.

Richard T. Massey, 1405 Patricia Drive, Apt. B, Lansdowne, Delaware County;
accident involving damages, recklessly endangering another person, driving at
safe speed, reckless driving; waived to court.

Troy M. Ross, 260 Cemetery Road, Newport, Perry County; driving under the
influence: general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, back up improperly,
driving under suspension; waived to court.

Shane A. Eckert, 5218 Lincoln Highway West, Thomasville; receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Justin L. Bell, 70 Maple St., Mount Wolf; burglary, theft by unlawful taking;
held for court.

Douglas E. Kemper, 1185 Copenhaffer Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Gretchen M. Allen, 364 W. Broadway, Apt. 1, Red Lion; retail theft; waived to
court.

Chad A. Koontz, 932 W. Princess St., 2nd floor; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

Daniel J. Bange III, 1084 Bowers Ridge Road, Manchester; burglary, theft by
unlawful taking; held for court.

Brandy L. Shurns, 1183 Christian St., Harrisburg; attempt-theft by deception,
conspire-theft by deception; waived to court.

Carl E. Cameron, 2850 W. Canal Road, Dover; false ID to law enforcement, driving
under suspension; waived to court.

Angela R. Hollenbeck, 122 E. Cottage Place, 1st floor; intent to possess
controlled substance; waived to court.

Travis S. Kiepert, 43 Jayme Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, disregard traffic lane, driving at safe
speed; waived to court.

Sara A. Lober, 967 Willow Ridge Drive; driving under the influence: minors 1st
offense, general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, underage drinking,
disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                  July 7, 2006

LETTERS

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 711 words


Be Proud of Wise Men's Modernizing Influences

Opinion columnist David Klinghoffer argues that Karl Marx, Sigmund Freud and
Baruch Spinoza are "the individuals whose thoughts form the top three most
lamentable cultural influences in modern times" ("Three Wise Men's Unholy
Influence," June 30).

We Jews, however, should be proud of Freud for his gift of enabling talking
about, and listening and trying to understand, mental suffering. We should be
proud of Marx for his gift of proclaiming the hitherto suppressed historic truth
that the haves have nearly always misled and exploited the have-nots.

And we should be proud of Spinoza, whose questioning the legitimacy and
establishment of any and all sectarian revelation inspired John Locke, who in
turn inspired our Founding Fathers to create the miracle of the American freedom
of conscience.

Jerrold Bonn

Via email

To show that wise Jewish women are just as able as their male counterparts to
come up with bad ideas, David Klinghoffer might want to add to his list the name
of Ayn Rand, who created the cult of reason and promoted the virtues of
selfishness in America.

Rand was a product of the Soviet Union and her ideas made some sense in Leninist
Russia. But she generalized from her experience in post-revolutionary Russia to
come up with a system of beliefs that she applied to the whole of humanity.

A lot of the black and white mentality so prevalent in American society today
could be traced to Rand's cult of reason. Instead of approaching reality with
humility, she approached it with boldness and with confidence in the power of
reason. In the process, she and her followers missed most of reality that falls
somewhere between the black and the white.

Neil Fazel

New York, N.Y.

Bay Area Organizations Are Directed by Women

We share opinion writers Steven M. Cohen and Shaul Kelner's concerns about the
lack of women leadership in Jewish communal organizations ("Gender Bias Is a
Fact of Communal Life," June 23). From our admittedly skewed San Francisco
perspective, we want to note that while tremendous ground still needs to be
covered, we are proud of the number of women serving as executive directors of
major Bay Area Jewish organizations.

These leaders include Sandee Blechman of the San Francisco Jewish Community
Center, with a $17 million annual budget; Judy Edelson of the Peninsula Jewish
Community Center, with a $10 million budget; Abby Snay of Jewish Vocational
Service, with a $5 million budget; Anita Friedman of Jewish Family and
Children's Services, with a $22 million budget; Deborah Newbrun of Camp Tawonga,
with a $2.8 million budget; Connie Wolf of the Contemporary Jewish Museum, with
a $2.6 million budget; and Phyllis Cook of the Jewish Community Endowment Fund,
with $1 billion in assets.

In many cases, these women have been at the helm of these organizations for more
than a decade; in others, women leaders were hired only in the last year. The
plethora of top female execs of Jewish organizations in the Bay Area weren't
hired because they're women- they were hired based on their merits and are
running organizations that are some of the best in the country.

We are particularly proud to note that the Richard and Rhoda Goldman Fund and
the Walter and Elise Haas Fund have long supported these organizations, as well
as national organizations working in the Bay Area that are headed by women,
including Ruth Messinger of American Jewish World Service. We are also proud
that our respective foundations are headed by women. In our rudimentary tally of
Bay Area private foundations supporting Jewish causes, our foundations are the
only ones with women serving as executive directors.

While the number of women in leadership positions in the Bay Area Jewish
community is laudable, we still have room for improvement. We encourage the
Jewish community to take a look at the Bay Area and learn from some of our
successes. At the same time, we encourage our funding colleagues to ask
questions about gender balance of the staff and boards of organizations seeking
their support. Philanthropy can and should play a role in righting this
unacceptable imbalance.

Debbie Findling

Deputy Director

Richard & Rhoda Goldman Fund

Stephanie Rapp

Program Officer

Walter & Elise Haas Fund

San Francisco, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

The Firm

BYLINE: Dean Poling, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 304 words


Oct. 18--VALDOSTA -- Artists are often viewed as lonely, creative souls.

Valdosta State University's latest exhibit punctures the perception.

"The Firm Influence: History in the Making" reveals a group of artists who work
separately but have formed something akin to the rock band of ceramics. The
exhibit also shows how artists influence one another as well as students.

The local edge of The Firm is Michael Schmidt, VSU art department head, teacher
and artist.

Schmidt is also a member of The Firm, a group of ceramics artists working
together and exhibiting together.

In addition to Schmidt, The Firm includes Shane Christensen of Dixie State
University, Stephen Heywood of the University of North Florida and Brian Jensen
of Utah Valley University.

They all studied art at Edinboro University of Pennsylvania.

For the VSU show, The Firm artists are joined by nine other artists, who are
part of the influence and influencing others. They are Glen Blakeley, Susan
Harris, John Neely, and Mark Talbert of Utah; Karl Borgeson and Charlie Olson of
Wisconsin; Chuck Johnson, Steve Kemenyffy, and Lee Rexrode of Pennsylvania.

In addition to the opening of the show Monday, the artists will also present a 5
p.m. Monday lecture discussing their work and the influence artists have on one
another.

GALLERY

Valdosta State University Art presents "The Firm Influence: History in the
Making."

Reception: The exhibit opens with a free, public reception, 6-7:30 p.m. Monday.

Where: Dedo Maranville Fine Arts Gallery, VSU Fine Arts Building, corner of Oak
and Brookwood.

Run dates: Oct. 19 through Nov. 7.

More information: Visit valdosta.edu/art/gallery, or call (229) 333-5835.

___ (c)2015 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151018-VD-The-Firm-1018-20151018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2015 The Valdosta Daily Times


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

USA and China's influence behind Mali case, Middle East researcher says

LENGTH: 283 words


Middle East researcher at USAK Ferhavi: "It is the increasing influence of USA
and China in Mali behind French intervention in the country"

ANKARA

Middle East and Africa researcher at International Strategic Research
Organization (USAK) FuadFerhavi has said it was the increasing influence of USA
and China in Mali behind French involvement in the country.

Ferhavi talked about the Mali case at USAK in Turkish capital Ankara on
Wednesday, focusing on the historical roots, geo-political and geo-economic
aspects of the conflicts in Mali.
In the report that Ferhavi wrote about Mali crisis, he said there is strong
rivalry between European countries and BRICS countries to get the control of
energy, oil, and sea routes in African continent. He stated USA, China and
Brazil are heading for Africa to have the control of those sources.
According to the report, USA has increased its activities in Northern Africa in
the last decade which shows USA's interest in the region. In addition, the
failure of USA in educating Mali soldiers created an opportunity to European
countries for interference in Mali.
Referring to the abundance of uranium in the region, Ferhavi asserted that
France had been trying to be the sole power in producing uranium for a long
time.
He said the uranium deposits discovered in Niger attracted attention into the
region, as well.
Touching on the various reasons of Mali crisis, Ferhavi said environmental
factors such as drought, international embargo on Libya, and civil war in
Algeria played a key role in the problems faced in Mali. He also added the
shipping of illicit drugs from Latin America to Europe via Africa caused
criminal and terror organizations to appear in the region.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2013 Andolu Ajansi
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 24, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 04/24/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Mark Davis, 310 S. Keesey St.; exterior maintenance; found guilty, paid fines
and cost.

Michael J. Patz, M & P Amusements, 658 W. Market St.; employers quarterly tax
return; pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Patrick M. Haske, 1818 Labrott Lane, Annapolis, Md..; purchase, consumption,
possession or transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor;
found guilty, paid fines and cost.

Michelle J. McCleston, 60 Forest Ridge Road, Delta; bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid fines and cost.

Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, 211 N. Front St., Box 8029, Harrisburg;
snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Bridget Murray, B K Painting Contractors, 106 S. Beaver St.; failure to file
mercantile/business privilege tax; pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

John P. Barshinger, 202 Ridley Drive; criminal trespass; pleaded guilty, paid
fines and cost.

Timothy J. Dougherty, 1371 Irving Road; earned income tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fines and cost.

Lonnie Cherena, 350 S. Pine St.; earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fines and cost.

Steven A. Fink, 32 N. West St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, operation following suspension of registration; waived to court.

Garciela C. Brown, 597 W. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Brian S. Deshields, 28 W. Jackson St.; false reports/falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police, driving under suspension; waived to
court.

Brenda M. Gaines, c/o York County Prison; robbery, theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Susan L. Jeffers, 2532 Knob Hill Road; theft by deception/false impression,
theft by deception/failure to correct, theft by failure to make required
disbursed funds, deceptive business practice/sell less than quantity, deceptive
business practice/false, misleading statements; waived to court.

Richard M. Jeffers, 2532 Knob Hill Road; theft by deception/false impression,
theft by deception/ failure to correct, theft by failure to make required
disbursed funds, deceptive business practice/sell less than quantity, deceptive
business practice/false, misleading statements; waived to court.

Brittany E. Gruber, 110 Dill Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 441 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Arcadio  Mendoza-Rosas - 36, Yakima, failure to comply/delivery of a controlled
substance, $1,170 bond.

Clyde S. Duke -  33, Spokane, delivery of a controlled substance, $20,000 bond.

Lane S. Fulton - 20, Windsor, Colo., parole violation/grand theft, $40,000 bond.

Ronald Lehman -  55, Coolin, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$50,000 bond.

Jerrold P. Pressnall -  35, Sagle, trafficking in marijuana, $25,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Wade T. Cooper - 28, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
petty theft, failure to provide insurance, $6,000 bond.

Brian C. Cummings - 39, Priest River, failure to comply/unlawful entry, $163
bond.

James H. Devine -  46, Clark Fork, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, $214 bond.

Melissa R. Frolander -  27, Sandpoint, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $300 bond.

Mark C. Hatler - 45, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
10 days in jail.

Raymond G. Holleman - 44, Midwest City, Okla., possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use; paraphernalia, $1,000 bond.

Jon E. Lincoln -  39, Spokane, failure to appear/violation of a no-contact
order, $5,000 bond.

Shane P. Marble - 24, Naples, failure to appear/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $2,000 bond.

Alan H. Perry - 39, Ketchum, failure to appear/failure to stop/leaving the scene
of an accident, 10 days in jail.

Jason A. Poggensee -  26, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $1,400 bond.

Nicholas L. Poledna -  25, Sandpoint, parole violation/violation of protection
order, aggravated assault, enhanced domestic battery, $10,400 bond.

Adam J. Pucci -  34, Ponderay, failure to comply/petty theft, $4,500 bond.

Ronald W. Simmons - 43, Priest River, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $1,500 bond.

Michael J. Staudt - 25, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,000 bond.

Heather L. Tifft -  32, Hot Springs, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, unlawful possession of prescription drugs, possession of
paraphernalia, battery, $30,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 17, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 640 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Joseph Holman, owner of Panhandle Automotive, reported Monday the $1,000 theft
of a car battery, stereo and tools from the business at 19897 W. State Highway
53.

John Pankratz, employee of East Side Highway District, reported Tuesday $500
damage to a window of a Challenger MT5258 tractor parked at the intersection of
East Black Lake Road and South Upper Black Lake Road near St. Maries.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Clark Peterson

Michelle R. Willette, 38, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (140 days suspended) or 56 hours county work program, 90 days
unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Vernon H. Johnson, 34, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $500 fine,
180 days in jail (120 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years
probation.

Andrew J. Jones, 23, Spokane; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180 days
in jail (177 days suspended), one year probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Matthew C. Blackburn, 37, Boise; possession of a controlled substance; $400
fine, $100 restitution to victims, five days in jail or 16 hours county work
program.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Thomas E. Merrill, 47, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Travis L. Quiring, 38, Hayden Lake; theft by receiving/possessing/disposing of
stolen property; 36 days in jail.

Civil complaints

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Raymond D. Millsap, seeking $1,299.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Katherine Mann, seeking $10,006.

Midland Funding LLC v. Stella Rainwater, seeking $13,771.

Autovest LLC v. Stephanie Werner, seeking $7,972.

Autovest LLC v. Mitchell Turner, seeking $6,541.

Autovest LLC v. Christina Tokjer and Patrick Walker, seeking $9,276.

Jason Brown v. Greta Rounds, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Civil judgments

Automated Accounts Inc. v. John Marshall and Shanna Marshall, plaintiff awarded
$3,412

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Brittney Webb, plaintiff awarded $2,879.

Civil dismissals

Autovest LLC v. Angela Bradley.

Marriage licenses

Jarred J. Baker, of Coeur d'Alene, and Shantell L. Steciuk, of Post Falls.

Jesus D. Barbieri and Jennifer M. Simons, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Stephen V. Bowman and Debra K. Agar, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Anthony R. Brandt and Brittany N. Kolar, both of Rathdrum.

Paul D. Coward and Amanda R. Silvis, both of St. Maries.

Donald D. Evans and Lois A. Free, both of Post Falls.

Jeffrey R. Filler and Linda S. Muscato, both of Moscow.

Joseph B. Hart and Jennifer M. Jurgens, both of Post Falls.

Timothy J. Hughes II and Mindy H. Maslanka, both of Rathdrum.

Anthony A. Johnson and Heather L. May, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Branden B. Kirouac and Christina D. Dalton, both of Coeur d'Alene.

James T. Lewis IV and Jessica L. Rindal, both of Athol.

Leroy A. Mayfield, of Post Falls, and Karin D. Bunker, of Renton, Wash.

Gregory K. Moore and Melinda A. Bauer, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Justin T. Olsen and Jennifer L. Marsh, both of Post Falls.

Christian D. Saganski and Ashley R. Stielstra, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Brandon P. Springs and Bernadette C. Williamson, both of Post Falls.

Darius E. Tugaga and Kaci C.M. Williams-Bennett, both of Hauser.

James H. Williamson and Hannah T. Halland, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Noe Borrero and Zelideth Rodriguez Toledo, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Divorces sought

Jackie L. Florence from Joshua D. Florence.

Divorces granted

Areil A. Anderson from Ian A. Anderson.

Tracy A. Madatian from George S. Madatian.

Steven J. Didier Jr. from Tammy Jo Didier.

Donna Wilson from Gordon P. Dutcher III.

Raymond B. Richardson from Brenda S. Powell.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             October 6, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

They're just not into it

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 318 words


Peati Barabas, 20, from West Valley City, Utah, says she hasn't been giving a
lot of thought to the first presidential election in which she'll be eligible to
vote, though she's paying "somewhat" more attention now that Election Day is
getting closer.

What issues are most important to her? She turns from the phone and quickly
confers with friends who happen to be with her. "What do I care most about this
election?" she repeats. "Like the economy and stuff, the recession that's going
on. Just overall everything. And health care."

Barabas is a member of the voters' group dubbed "tuned out," young people who
are the least likely to be registered to vote or to have given the election a
lot of thought.

They are the youngest group in the four categories of those 18 to 29 years old;
more than two-thirds of them are under 24. Their ranks include the highest
percentage of students and the lowest percentage of those with jobs. Barabas,
who graduated from high school in 2006, sells cosmetics over the phone.

Many in this group say their friends influence their political views; eight in
10 say friends have had a great deal or a moderate amount of influence on them.
Religious leaders, political commentators, teachers and parents also influence
their views.

Even celebrities are cited as an influence by 31%, more than double that in any
other group.

Barabas, who plans to vote, says John McCain is "OK, because he's been in
office" for a long time, but she's "pretty positive" she'll support Barack
Obama. She trusts him to keep his word.

"I honestly just say try something new, and maybe Obama, he would end the Bush
administration," she says. "I think if McCain was to be president, he would
continue that."

Tuned out

âoe"None are both registered to vote and giving "a lot" of thought to the
election.

âoe"The youngest of the young voters; nearly half are 18-21.

âoe"31% are students.

âoe"They're 17% of young voters.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/MTV/GALLUP POLL
taken Sept. 18-28 of 903 adults, 18-29, including telephone interviews by land
line and cellphone. Margin of error 4+/-% points (4)
PHOTO, Color, George Frey, USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: POLITICS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            January 12, 2007 Friday

More crime watch for 01/12/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Todd Ke Wolfe, 6 Highland Manor Road, Stewartstown; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Jeremy L. Dettinger, 66 Artman Ave., D-1, Hallam; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
driving wrong way; waived to court.

Dawn Anna Sheehan, 334-B Buttonwood Lane; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, improper
turn/green light; waived to court.

William Robert Gurreri, 1819 Brandywine Lane; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held
for court.

Scott A. Bream, 1201 W. Princess St., first floor; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Michael Leroy Garman, SCI Mercer, 801 Butler Pike, Butler; bad checks; waived to
court.

Jerrica Renee Wynegar, 351-B E. Maple St., Dallastown; retail theft; waived to
court.

Leda Andrea Bowling, 448 S. Queen St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Preston Francis, 310 W. Philadelphia St.; possession of drug paraphernalia; held
for court. (in absentia)

Ashley Lauren Peters, 817 Martha Ave., Lancaster; bad checks; held for court.
(in absentia)

Lonnie Emanuel Wise, 40 Fairmont Ave., Manchester; theft by deception, theft by
unlawful taking/disposition; held for court. (in absentia)

David Anthony Howard, 331 E. College Ave.; theft by unlawful taking/disposition,
receiving stolen property, criminal conspiracy to commit theft; waived to court.

Tammy L. Comerci, 614 Ringold St., Extd., Waynesboro; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Blake Altland, 1123 Fawn Court; driving under the influence: general impairment,
driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; held for
court.

Amanda Paulia Baldridge, 53 W. George St., first floor, Yoe; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Jason Thomas Brooks, 11 Anchor Court, Perryville, Md.; retail theft; waived to
court.

Charles Earl Goldsborough, 328-A Brook Lane, Wrightsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, turning movements and required signals, theft of property lost, mislaid
or delivered by mistake; waived to court.

Brian Scott Roth, SCI Mahanoy, 301 Morea Road, Frackville; retail theft,
criminal conspiracy to commit theft by deception; waived to court.

Lorinda A. Bowling, 143 S. Queen St., first floor; retail theft; waived to
court.

Jamie Barbara Day, 130 Kurtz Ave., No. 2; possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Eric E. Eisenhart, 3053 Faith Lane, Red Lion; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, general
lighting requirements; waived to court.

Tina Marie Cunningham, General Delivery; retail theft; waived to court.

Charemon Burton, 3061 Druck Valley Road; false reports (reported offense did not
occur); held for court.

Lynette F. Rohrbaugh, 3800 E. Prospect Road; accident involving damage to
attended vehicle/property, duty to give information and render aid, immediate
notice of accident to police, driving under suspension, required financial
responsibility, notice of change of name/address, abandonment of vehicles,
retail theft; held for court. (in absentia)

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Kennedy's accident, treatment ring familiar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 327 words


It's very sad to see Rep. Patrick Kennedy, D-R.I., continuing the sad history of
his father, Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass. ("Rep. Kennedy's rehab stint may not be
career obstacle," News, Monday).

Consider Kennedy's actions: Driving into a security barricade near the Capitol,
claiming lack of memory of the incident, possibly drinking to excess, and
apparently using whatever influence is available to keep police officers from
doing their job as procedures demand.

Kennedy was not processed properly after the accident, likely because political
influence was brought to bear. At least he did not endanger any passengers or
try to cross any bridges.

Does anyone think Rep. Kennedy would have come forward if the news media hadn't
become involved and made the incident public? His ongoing addiction to
painkillers or any other substance abuse is an issue for the people of Rhode
Island. Also, any political influence that might have hindered a proper
investigation should be probed thoroughly.

Lastly, it's sad to see that Patrick Kennedy appears to have learned nothing
from the actions of his father many years ago. The acorn truly falls not far
from its tree.

Dick Goodrick

Dayton, Nev.

Where is focus?

U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy says he has been strong, focused and productive in his
work. This comes from a guy who also says he can't remember waking up in the
morning. With focused and productive lawmakers like this, no wonder Congress is
in the shape it's in.

Scott Abramson

San Mateo, Calif.

Find better representation

Patrick Kennedy claims he was disoriented only because of medication he was
taking -- medication that made him believe 2:45 a.m. was the middle of the day
and he was late for a vote.

Rhode Island residents, do you really want someone so high on drugs that he
doesn't know what time of the day it is or when he voted on critical state
issues? Or are you so enthralled with a Kennedy representing you that it doesn't
matter?

Dick VanCleave

Fuquay-Varina, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Reuters

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Cooper Technologies Company (Texas) applies for US Patent titled as "System and
Method for Auto-Commissioning based on Smart Sensors"

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160353549 for US Patent, published on December 1, 2016, by
Cooper Technologies Company (Texas), titled as "System and Method for
Auto-Commissioning based on Smart Sensors"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Walma, JR.; Kenneth Dale; (Peachtree City, GA)

Applicant: Cooper Technologies Company   Houston   TX (Texas)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
imaging sensor determines an influence of artificial light from one or more
artificial light sources and an influence of natural light in an area associated
with a lighting system. On the basis of the influence of the natural light and
the influence of the artificial light, the imaging sensor determines the
location of the one or more artificial light sources with respect to the
location of the imaging sensor. Further, the imaging sensor allocates a portion
of the area as an area of influence of the imaging sensor based on a threshold
change in luminescence of the area associated with switching on or switching off
of the one or more artificial light sources. Responsively, the imaging sensor
associates at least one artificial light source of the one or more light sources
and occupancy sensors corresponding to the at least one artificial light source
with the allocated area of influence."


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 768 words


News of record

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Scott Wayman

James G. Sund, 25, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: misdemeanor probation violation; 170
days in jail or proof of completion of evaluation. Count II: use or possession
of drug paraphernalia with intent to use; $300 fine, 10 days in jail or 16 hours
county work program.

Crystal M. Turner, 33, Post Falls; petty theft; $300 fine, 30 days in jail or 16
hours county work program.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Gary A. Ventress, 64, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Christopher A. Strait Jr., 25, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county
work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Barry Watson

Travis C. Foster, 21, Coeur d'Alene; disturbing the peace; $500 fine, one day in
jail.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Jason T. Hawkins, 36, Chattaroy; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Michael A. Krogseth, 56, Newman Lake; Count I: driving under the influence;
$1,000 fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or eight
hours county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation. Count II: assault/battery upon law enforcement; $152 fine, 180 days
in jail (170 days suspended) or eight hours county work program, two years
probation.

Timothy R. Sand, 53, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Charles H. Davis, 31, Dalton Gardens; inattentive driving; 90 days in jail (85
days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, $300 fine, one year probation.

Kyle A. Fuller, 31, Boise; providing false information to an officer regarding
offense/identity; 71 days in jail (credited).

Matthew A. Allmaras, 31, Post Falls; disturbing the peace; $500 fine, 180 days
in jail (178 days suspended) or eight hours county work program, one year
probation.

Jacob H. Kramer, 35, Moscow; misdemeanor probation violation; 10 days in jail or
40 hours county work program.

Michael A. Love, 43, Hayden; driving without privileges; $250 fine, 10 days in
jail.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Cameron T. Dietz, 26, Hayden Lake; driving without privileges; $300 fine, five
days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Tanya T. Bratton, 39, Spokane; Count I: petty theft; $225 fine, 30 days in jail
(12 days suspended, seven days credited), two years probation. Count II: driving
without privileges; $225 fine, seven days in jail (credited), 180 days driver's
license suspension, one year probation.

Civil complaints

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Gail Otto, seeking $7,081.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. William Williamson and Virginia Williamson, seeking
$5,232.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Melissa Pfenning and
Keith Pfenning, seeking $1,002.

Post Falls Les Schwab Tire Center v. Kelly Stafford, seeking $1,025.

Chad Bennett v. Rick Fristoe, seeking $5,000.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Amy Galloway, seeking $1,705.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Raymond Doney, seeking $1,861.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Erin Loper, seeking $1,270.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lisa Negron, seeking $1,277.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kayla Jones, seeking $2,226.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Katy Blodgett, seeking $1,295.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Damon Kistler and Sandra Kistler, seeking
$1,306.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kelly and Jennifer Schroeder, seeking $1,733.

Lauren Brouillard v. Robert Green, seeking $2,561.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Dennette Barker and John McGlathery, seeking
$1,215.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Theodore Demery Jr. and Michelle Demery,
seeking $2,856.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ashley Garayalde, seeking $1,398.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Katherine Gothner, seeking $3,509.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Starla Dismukes White, seeking $5,894.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Duncan Hitchcock and Kayla Hitchcock, seeking
$1,271.

Civil judgments

Cavalry SPV I LLC and HSBC Bank Nevada v. Marla Haller, plaintiff awarded
$1,986.

Divorces granted

David D. Fredrickson from Sandra J. Fredrickson.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             April 10, 2011 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. 007

LENGTH: 500 words


Clinton Ward Watts, 43, of the 100 block of Booker Street in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 18, 2010, and was fined $810.

Catherine Anne Kay, 45, of the 100 block of Oakdale Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Sept. 5, 2010, and was fined $810.

James Earl Beverly, 56, of the 2400 block of Beasley Road in Brewton, Ala., was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 27, 2011, and was fined $810.

Ian Lee Moore, 43, of the 3300 block of Tanglewood Drive in Augusta, was charged
with driving under the influence on March 27, 2010, and was fined $1,224.

Garrett Benjamin Brown, 21, of the 3500 block of Lost Tree Court in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on April 29, 2010, and was fined
$810.

Reid James Madden Jr., 50, of the 700 block of Summerfield Abbey Court in
Martinez, was charged with driving under the influence on Oct. 2, 2010, and was
fined $810.

Veronica Davis, 43, of the 4100 block of Duncan Ives Drive in Buford, Ga., was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 4, 2011, and was fined $835 and
sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Matthew Thomas Jordan, 27, of the 7000 block of Bill Dorn Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 31, 2010, and was fined $1,249
and sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Eric Daniel Patterson, 20, of the 3400 block of Cannon Gate Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 5, 2011, and was fined $835
and sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Daniel Douglas Stinson, 38, of the 2500 block of Georgia Highway 19 South in
Dublin, Ga., was charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 6, 2011, and
was fined $810.

David Perry Tucker Jr., 27, of the 300 block of Creekside Drive in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 28, 2010, and was fined
$810.

Gayla Sue Althouse, 48, of the 100 block of Highview Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 6, 2011, and was fined $1,224.

Andrew Christopher Graham, 27, of the 300 block of Timberidge Drive in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 5, 2011, and was fined
$1,224.

Roderick Bryan Jenkins, 25, of the 800 block of North Belair Road in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 29, 2011, and was fined $835
and sentenced to 12 months' probation.

Anthony Eugene Dyers, 39, of the 1700 block of Cornell Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 12, 2011, and was fined $810.

Oliver Weston Mayfield, 37, of the 300 block of Broad Street in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 23, 2010, and was fined $810.

Franklin Grant Mixon, 48, of the 2400 block of Winston Way in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 4, 2011, and was fined $1,224.

Curtis Anthony Mitchell, 27, of the 4500 block of Glennwood Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 5, 2011, and was fined $1,224.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1032 words


<b>POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF</b>

Gregory True, Spokane, reported Tuesday $500 damage to a window of a home on the
7400 block of East Hayden Haven Road in Hayden.

Brandon Bowman, Post Falls, reported Monday the $3,580 theft of tools and $500
damage to a door of a home on the 13000 block of East Timber Lane in Hayden.

Darlene Shute, Post Falls, reported Monday the $500 theft of an iPod from a home
on the 2000 block of West Fisher Avenue in Post Falls.

<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE SCOT NASS</b>

Mathew C. Causey, 27, Post Falls; Count I: driving under the influence; $632
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (171 days suspended, nine days
credited), 244 days driver's license suspension, one year probation. Count II:
driving under the influence (excessive); $632 fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in
jail (171 days suspended, nine days credited), 244 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

Timothy J. Freund, 36, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: driving under the influence; $632
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (120 days suspended, 60 days credited),
90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation. Count II: driving under
the influence; $632 fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (120 days suspended,
60 days credited), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Ronald B. Norfleet, 62, Dalton Gardens; driving under the influence; $632 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (168 days suspended, 12 days credited), 90
days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

<b>CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

FIA Card Services v. Michael Finn, seeking $4,321.

FIA Card Services v. Marv Meyer, seeking $17,722.

FIA Card Services v. Shirley Hyatt, seeking $9,441.

FIA Card Services v. Shirley Hyatt, seeking $19,620.

Wells Fargo Bank v. Terri Pritchett and Steve Pritchett, seeking $3,064.

Gary Finney v. Sydney Doyle and Steve Doyle, seeking $5,000.

Tyler Tale v. Adam Cortinas, seeking $1,800.

Anna Michael v. Tiffany Goad, seeking $1,866.

GMAC Inc. v. Norman Dalthorp, seeking $26,987.

Capital One Bank v. Barbara Nowak, seeking $1,050.

Capital One Bank v. Randy Wilson and Bluesky Auto, seeking $1,426.

Capital One Bank v. Monika Buckner, seeking $5,846.

Capital One Bank v. Stephanie Fritze, seeking $1,462.

Livingston Financial LLC v. Tammy Stevens, seeking $5,618.

Capital One Bank v. Taylor Nagrone, seeking $1,790.

Capital One Bank v. Charles Cooke, and C Bro Construction Inc., seeking $1,009.

Capital One Bank v. David Jacobsen, seeking $1,194.

Capital One Bank v. John Spano, seeking $2,017.

Discover Bank v. Kimberly Abrahamson, seeking $4,701.

Discover Bank v. Deborah Patrick, seeking $2,855.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Derek Arnold, seeking $7,287.

FIA Card Services v. Mary Henderson, seeking $11,578.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Edwin Szczepaniak, seeking $1,385.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Miles Nelson and Debra Nelson, seeking
$1,178.

FIA Card Services v. Sharon Thomas, seeking $3,178.

Sunset Automotive Inc., dba Sunset Motors v. Angela Browning, seeking $9,550.

David Cheyney v. Aprile Spink, seeking $3,000.

Tina Eckhardt v. Cody Pulis and Sheryl Pulis, seeking $3,550.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Nathanial Webster and Kamie Webster, seeking $1,655.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. John Griffith and Rhianen Griffith, seeking $1,433.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jeffery Sowinski, seeking $2,909.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Kamella Berry, seeking $2,856.

Capital One Bank v. Kacey Cagle, seeking $1,899.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. John Glinski III and Marie Tapec, seeking
$1,019.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Alysha Campbell, seeking $1,038.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brenda Parker, seeking $1,085.

Capital One Bank v. Jake Bronson, seeking $3,996.

Capital One Bank v. Jacquelyn Blomgren, seeking $16,207.

Capital One Bank v. Beatrice Palmer, seeking $3,783.

Capital One Bank v. Marjorie French, seeking $3,448.

GMAC Inc v. Richard Hanlon, seeking $16,070.

Capital One Bank v. Nicholas Lester, seeking $1,226.

Capital One Bank v. Jerid Marks and J. Marks Concrete, seeking $3,519.

GMAC Inc. v. Darryl Howard and Sandra Howard, seeking $11,572.

Dickinson Financial LLC v. Aaron Foster, seeking $1,247.

Capital One Bank v. Barry Webb and Everlast Siding Decks, seeking $3,622.

FIA Card Services N.A. v. Jake Morris, seeking $2,919.

<b>CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

Chase Bank v. Alexandra Shute, plaintiff awarded $13,536.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Jennifer Mertick, plaintiff awarded $5,719.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Carmen Jacobson and
Joseph Jacobson, plaintiff awarded $1,479.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Kimberly Miller, plaintiff awarded $3,209.

<b>CIVIL DISMISSALS</b>

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gaylen Bateman.

Midland Funding LLC v. Douglas Szankransky.

<b>DIVORCES SOUGHT</b>

William M. Sheldon Jr. from October L. Sheldon.

Janine M. Clopton from Christopher L. Clopton.

Julie A. Ewing from Jon R. Ewing.

Lori L. Pils from Irvin H. Pils Jr.

Rosemarie Pennington from Terrance A. Pennington.

Melanie D. Whiterock from Richard A. Whiterock.

Verna R. Swan from Matthew D. Swan.

Wayne H. Frei from Irene C. Frei.

Angela M. Mort from Kevin G. Mort.

<b>DIVORCES GRANTED</b>

Jacob M. Armstrong from Breanna M. Phillips.

<b>BANKRUPTCIES</b>

Filings from Jan. 5-6.

<b>Chapter 7</b> (liquidation petitions)

Debra L. Brouillette, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $18,167.

Steve Price, Rathdrum, debts unspecified.

Alexander N. and Gayla Schmidt, Priest River, debts of $386,309.

Rodney R. and Misty M. Thelin, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $108,266.

Vicki L. Furlong, aka Vicki L. Emerson, Post Falls, debts of $16,116.

Jesse D. and Kathe M. James, fka Kathe M. Wilson, aka Custom 32mm Cabinets &
Counter, Spirit Lake, debts of $213,963.

Robert G. and Margaret J. Tredway, Post Falls, debts of $236,267.

Margaret P. Richards, aka Peggy Richards, dba Dreams in Beauty, dba Dreams in
Beauty Limited, dba Dreams in Beauty Day Spa, Sandpoint, debts of $78,439.

David H. and Margaret Fisher, aka Martie Fisher, Hayden, debts of $593,051.

<b>Chapter 11</b> (reorganization petitions)

Mike T. and Chantell R. Sackett, Nordman, debts unspecified.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday

Crime Watch for 09/24/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2262 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Town ship.
DISPOSITIONS
David P. Wiles, 809 Center St., Mount Wolf; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
time served.

Richard Hess, 132 Wilson Ave., bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and
restitution.

David J. Schultz, 432 Furrow Road, Baltimore, Md.; retail theft; waived to
court.

James E. Mrozinski Jr., 2120 Carlisle Road, Apt. A; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Kelvin W. Kelly, 708 E. Princess St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Richard L. Dorsey II, 615 York St., Hanover; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Elizabeth C. Ettinger, 212 N. Pine St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Virgil E. Dutton, 413 N. George St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Ryan N. Lefever, 875 Buck Road, Dover; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Charnice Thomas, 308 N. West St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Michael P. Callahan, 204 W. Kelso St., Apt. 2, Tucson, AZ; harassment; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Omar A. Garcia-Aviles, 14 Franklin St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Derek A. Williams, 3010 W. Market St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Ashley R. Williams, 255 Canary Circle; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Elizabeth A. Girling, 2082 Loman Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Ronald Gillespie, 659 E. Market St., second floor; public drunkenness,
disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, time served.

Zechariah J. Querry, NFA; retail theft; pleaded guilty, time served.

Angela M. Lewullis, 1255 Wogan Road; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Angel N. Ortiz, 537 S. Court St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Ronald D. Detwiler Jr., 5807 Crone Road, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
careless driving; waived to court.

David R. Keefer, 3721 Tiffany Drive, Apt. B, Dover; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, conspire to commit burglary; waived to court.

Shemane R. Brambilla, 920 Dallas Drive; driving under the influence: controlled
substance, turning movements, required signals; held for court.

Derek M. Miller, 1607 Condor Lane, Dover; underage driving; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Trevor M. Stark, 1509 Wheatland Ave., Lancaster; harassment; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

James L. Peek, 210 W. Mason Ave., Lot 14; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Steven M. Altland, 429 N. Hartley St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Matthew Herrington, 344 E. Princess St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Stephanie Salter, 5622 Ambau Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
following too closely; waived to court.

Joshua B. Weiser, 1659 Lisburn Road, Wellsville; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Nevon M. Harris, 413 Saint Paul St.; small amount of marijuana, false
identification to law enforcement, driving without a license; held for court.

Jody A. Simoes, 2700 Prospect Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
the influence: controlled substance; waived to court.

Andrew T. Anderson, 2261 Walnut Bottom Road; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Andrew C. Bell, 596 Sciota St., Sciota; possession of firearm prohibited,
firearms not to be carried without a license; held for court.

Yessinnette Bracero, 39 E. South St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Shawn F. Nolder, 2305 Wilt Drive; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

David R. Keefer, 3721 Tiffany Drive, Apt. B, Dover; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, conspire to commit burglary; waived to court.

Michael W. Green, 832 Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, possession
of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving without a license;
held for court.

Bradley E. Markle, 39 N. Pearl St., Apt. 1; terroristic threats, harassment;
held for court.

Logan J. Hale, 2351 Meeting House Road, Spring Grove; possession of marijuana,
underage drinking; waived to court.

Tian D. Jones, 615 N. Hartley St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Frank J. Brewer Jr., 616 May St., Lansing, Mich.; driving under the influence:
general impairment, disorderly conduct, driving without a license, accident
involving injury, careless driving; waived to court.

Joseph M. Dennis, 832 Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, possession
of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Steven B. Hallman, 520 S. Shippen St., Lancaster; theft from a motor vehicle;
waived to court.

Jennifer R. Dunn, 134 Longfellow Drive, Lancaster; theft by deception; waived to
court.

Zachariah B. Ruth, 1556 Filbert St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

David R. Keefer, 3721 Tiffany Drive, Apt. B, Dover; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

Alicia K. Way, 201 N. Adams St., Apt. 101; retail theft; held for court.

Amy Baker, 207 N. Hartman St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Brandy L. Edsall, 790 Danbury Drive, Red Lion; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Bernie A. Ruth, 2100 Stanton St.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Christopher Tomczyk, 2331 Seneca Drive; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Felix L. Rodriguez, 141 Willis Lane; aggravated indecent assault of a child,
indecent assault, corruption of minors, contact with minors; waived to court.

John E. Calcara, 1909 W. Market St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Corey L. Lauer, 1216 Wogan Road; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Susan R. Calamusa, 93 Mobile Drive, Thomasville; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
careless driving, driving without a license; waived to court.

Jordan M. Hall, 10 Strawberry Road, New Freedom; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, small amount of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, careless driving; waived to court.

Dylan S. Smith, 26 Johns Drive, Enola; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Kareem L. Smith, 3400 Eastern Blvd., Apt. B-13; driving under the influence:
minors, driving under the influence: controlled substance, underage drinking,
failure to stop at red signal; waived to court.

Alexis A. Rice, 719 Philadelphia St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Robert E. Segeske Jr., 601 Prospect St.; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Shawn C. Hawkins, NFA; possession of marijuana, false identification to law
enforcement; waived to court.

Bryant Simpson, 2406 Cape Horn Road, Apt. 71, Red Lion; aggravated assault,
simple assault; held for court.

Damaris Agasto, 326 Lexington St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Luis Perez Rios, 39 E. South St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Jeremy E. Beck, 885 Copenhaffer Road; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Anna L. Shaffer, 1951 Park St., Dover; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

David Sharp, 2260 Pine Road; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and
restitution.

Alexis N. Scott, 1630 South Drive; underage drinking; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Carmen Rios, 45 E. Princess St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Keith R. Heilman, 1753 Orange St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Gregory Gentzler II, 3085 Muirfield Road, Dover; criminal mischief; pleaded
guilty, served 12 days in York County Prison.

David Ellis, 3721 Tiffany Drive, Apt. A, Dover; burglary, conspire to commit
burglary, conspire to commit theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Stephen F. Holland, 302 Garfield St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Kristen E. Eddins, 351 Kershaw St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; disregard
traffic control device; waived to court.

Shalon C. Swan, 638 Front St.; simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

David Ellis, 3721 Tiffany Drive, Apt. A, Dover; burglary, conspire to commit
theft by unlawful taking, conspire to commit burglary; waived to court.

Twanette N. Orr, 257 E. Jackson St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Roxanne Fox, 3725 Stony Brook Drive; retail theft; held for court.

Shane A. Brent, 2251 Sycamore Road; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Boanerges G. Lozano, 2060 Lycan Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, duties at stop
sign; held for court.

Ashir J. Matai, 716 Ave A SW, Winter Haven, Fla.; accident involving damages,
careless driving, driving at safe speed, failed to stop and give information;
waived to court.

Stephen E. Montony, 2827 Ridings Way; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

James O. Citrone, 1262 Needham Circle, East; driving under the influence:
general impairment; waived to court.

Anthony Corsa, 207 N. Hartman St.; retail theft; held for court.

Lastaisa Y. Palmer, 701 Carlisle Road; retail theft; held for court.
---
District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chance ford and
Peach Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
Gregory F. Csoner Jr., 1248 Trappe Road, Street, Md.; purchase, consumption,
possession or transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor;
pleaded guilty.

William C. Norris, 70 Clover Trail, Delta; off road vehicle ordinance; found not
guilty at trial.

Anthony Miller, 33 Jonquil Road, Delta; disorderly conduct; dismissed.

Karen Q. Smith, 12853 Stamper Road, Brogue; recklessly endangering another
person, criminal mischief; recklessly endangering another person-dismissed,
criminal mischief-pleaded guilty.

Lee Ann Johnson, 8969 Park St., Red Lion; unlicensed dog, cruelty to animals;
pleaded guilty.

Richard Keithley, 404 Main St., Delta; harassment; found guilty at trial.

Thomas Piller Jr., 9442 Blue Ball Road, Stewartstown; bad check; pleaded guilty.

Shauna L. Van Hart, 3710 Brownton Road, Felton; receiving stolen property,
criminal conspiracy/receiving stolen property, corruption of minors; held for
court.

Shauna L. Van Hart, 3710 Brownton Road, Felton; receiving stolen property,
criminal conspiracy/receiving stolen property, corruption of minors; held for
court.

Joseph Allen Freese, 3710 Brownton Road, Felton; receiving stolen property,
criminal conspiracy/receiving stolen property, corruption of minors; held for
court.

Joseph Allen Freese, 3710 Brownton Road, Felton; receiving stolen property,
criminal conspiracy/receiving stolen property, corruption of minors; held for
court.

Cameron David Fromm, 1030 Bahns Mill Road, Red Lion; theft by unlawful taking,
criminal conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking, cruelty to animals, corruption of
minors, false reports, false reports; held for court.

Steven Austin Morris Jr., 258 E. Telegraph Road, Airville; criminal
conspiracy/unauthorized use of motor vehicle, unauthorized use of motor vehicle,
suspended or revoked license; waived to court.

Steven Austin Morris Jr., 258 E. Telegraph Road, Airville; theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

Steven Austin Morris Jr., 258 E. Telegraph Road, Airville; theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Jodi Ann Bailey, 25 Wood Stream Lane, Greensboro, N.C.; submit false statement,
file insurance application, criminal attempt/theft by deception; waived to
court.

Ray Edward Bright, 25 Wood Stream Lane, Greensboro, NC; submit false statement,
file insurance application, criminal attempt/theft by deception; waived to
court.

Sandi Nicole Weyforth, 221 Bair Road, Delta; theft by unlawful taking, criminal
conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking, unsworn falsification; waived to court.

Steven Samuel Gemmill, 458 Gemmill Road, Delta; receiving stolen property;
waived to court.

Gary Wayne Tilley, 2331 Whiteford Road, Whiteford, Md.; simple assault,
harassment; held for court.

Joshua Allen Manahan, 9 Locust Lane, Airville; criminal conspiracy/unauthorized
use of motor vehicle, unauthorized use of motor vehicle, suspended or revoked
license; waived to court.

Ginger Rae Windon, 192 Burns Road, Delta; possession of a controlled substance;
waived to court.

Ginger Rae Windon, 192 Burns Road, Delta; unsworn falsifications, false reports;
waived to court.

Matthew Wayne Anderson, 328 Gosling Drive; simple assault, harassment, suspended
license, driving without a license; held for court.

Joseph Ray Kauffman, 290 Green Branch Road, Red Lion; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, receiving stolen property, disorderly conduct; use/possession of
drug paraphernalia-dismissed, receiving stolen property-pleaded guilty,
disorderly conduct-pleaded guilty.

Joshua Mark Warner, 594 Muddy Creek Forks Road, Brogue; unauthorized use of
motor vehicle, harassment, driving without a license, careless driving;
unauthorized use of motor vehicle-withdrawn, harassment-pleaded guilty, driving
without a license-pleaded guilty, careless driving-pleaded guilty.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 20, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

POLITICS

Tom Kenworthy; Claudia Deane

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11; POLITICS

LENGTH: 517 words


Colorado's Owens Admits Error in Draft Comment

Bill Owens, regarded as the front-runner for the GOP gubernatorial nomination in
Colorado, stumbled over a draft deferment and spent the end of last week trying
to recover his footing.

After the Denver Post uncovered information contradicting Owens's claim that he
had never had a student deferment during the Vietnam conflict, the 47-year-old
state treasurer quickly admitted that he had erred but denied being deceptive.
He had simply forgotten, Owens said, whether he had a high draft lottery number
or a student deferment.

"Because I didn't have to serve, it was never that big a deal in terms of the
mechanics of it," said Owens, who participated in pro-war demonstrations as a
college student. "It wasn't like I went before a draft board and sought the
deferment. I had no reason to try to mislead anybody."

Owens's competitors in the gubernatorial race -- Republican and Democrat alike
-- criticized him and suggested it was unlikely anyone who lived through the
Vietnam era would have forgotten how he avoided military service.

"All of us in that age group, all of us who faced the draft or faced the war --
regardless of the decisions we made -- remember exactly what our personal
situation was and the choices we made," said Democrat Mike Feeley, who enlisted
in the Marines but did not serve in Vietnam.

Owens faces state Senate President Tom Norton in the Aug. 11 GOP primary.

Party Influences Weighed

In the continuing game of "pin the wing on the party," Republicans currently
have the advantage, according to a recent Washington Post poll. While 38 percent
of registered voters say the religious right is too influential within the GOP,
a larger share (48 percent) says labor has too much influence over the
Democrats.

Among self-identified independents -- the voters both parties are wooing --
slightly more than half say unions have too much clout in the Democratic Party,
twice as many as would like to see labor have more influence there. Independents
also are wary about the influence of the religious right on the Republican
Party, though to a somewhat lesser degree: 42 percent say Christian
conservatives are too influential, while 26 percent say they are not influential
enough.

There are unhappy partisans in both camps: About three in 10 Democrats feel
unions have too much say in their own party, while a similar share feels union
influence is lacking. Among Republicans, 25 percent see the religious right as
too influential in the GOP, and 31 percent say the reverse is true. The rest are
satisfied with the balance of power or did not offer an opinion.

Chicago Race Shaping Up

Rep. Bobby L. Rush (D-Ill.) said he will challenge Chicago Mayor Richard M.
Daley (D) in next year's primary election once he raises $ 250,000 and registers
50,000 voters.

"There's no way my preconditions will not be met, absolutely no way," Rush, 51,
told the Associated Press. "I would say a campaign is imminent."

Rush, a founder of the Illinois Black Panthers, was first elected to the House
in 1992.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                            October 4, 2005 Tuesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS

LENGTH: 713 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross's office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
 DISPOSITIONS
 June E. Hardy, Wallace St.; endangering the welfare of children; waived to
court.

William Stephenson, S. Front St., York Haven; indecent assault; waived to court.

Becky Jo Rees, Heatherwood Drive, Dillsburg; retail theft; held for court.

Misty D. Burnheimer, Market St., New Cumberland; forgery; waived to court.

Vincent Tooks, Avila Road, Harrisburg; theft by deception; declared fugitive.

David A. Bradley, Smeltzer Road, Seven Valleys; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Luis A. Vargas, Shuler Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Donna Kinert, York Haven Road, York Haven; simple assault; waived to court.

David C. Waller, Cumberland St., Lebanon; trespassing; waived to court.

Gidry M. Priebe, Slate Hill Road, Camp Hill; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Bridget M. Harhigh, Crestview Hill, Middletown; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Raymond L. Snyder, S. Pine St.; theft leased property; waived to court.

Douglas P. Roarabaugh, River Drive, York Haven; unauthorized use of motor
vehicle; waived to court.

Kenneth Stahl, Black Walnut Drive, Etters; bad checks; held for court.

James P. Towell, Ridge Road, Etters; simple assault; held for court.

Heather E. Speck, Meadowbrook Court, New Cumberland; forgery; waived to court.

Thomas L. Reigle, Salem Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Bethany Runk, Greensfield Estate, Elizabethville; access device is unauthorized;
waived to court.

Barry Bankes Jr., Northcrest Drive, York Haven; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia, retail theft; waived to court.

Ellen M. Depalma, S. York Road, Dillsburg; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

James E. Baugher III, River Road, York Haven; small amount of marijuana; waived
to court.

Nichole S. Crull, Antelope Courts, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking;
waived to court.

Forest C. Freeman, C. Street, Atlanta, Ga.; possession of controlled substance;
waived to court.

Scott M. Brady, Linglestown Road, Linglestown; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Daniel Keene, Coleman Road, Gettysburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Dwayne K. Danner, Thorley Road, New Cumberland; bad checks; waived to court.

Nicholas A. Rudy, Red Mill Road, Etters; theft from motor vehicle; waived to
court.

Noah H. Miller, State St., West Fairview; theft from motor vehicle; waived to
court.

Paul M. Ray, S. Washington St., Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; held
for court.

William H. Farling Jr., Meadow Brook Court, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Gary D. Hutson, Grayson Road, Harrisburg; accident involving damage, attended
vehicle; waived to court.

David G. Michie, Atlantic City Ave., Grover Beach, Calif.; missiles onto
roadways; waived to court.

Armand R. David, Lenoir Circle, Norfolk, Va.; marijuana, small amount; waived to
court.

Tara M. Dively, Summer Lane, Enola; bad checks; waived to court.

Marlow Easterling, Richland Ave.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Hank R. Stoner, Andersontown Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Christian R. Zuna, Sharon Drive, New Cumberland; terroristic threats; waived to
court.

Katrina J. Dasch, Old York Road, New Cumberland; forgery; waived to court.

Dennis L. Wincard, Tory Circle, Enola; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Jaime Aviles, Salem Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Monique D. Polston, Serverna Place, Harrisburg; small amount of marijuana;
waived to court.

Karen Stockum, Commerce Drive, New Cumberland; retail theft; waived to court.

Trey K. Herr, Groffdale Drive, Quarryville; receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Ben F. Davis, Sycamore Circle, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Influence Inc

                          85 Broad Street, 18th floor
                              New York,  NY 10004
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (646) 362-6082
URL: www.influencegrp.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Influence was founded by Michael Owens and Michael McCarthy, who collectively
have more than twenty five years experience producing executive level business
events. The two met over a decade ago while colleagues at a well established B2B
events company where they created and marketed invitation-only summits for a
wide variety of industries and disciplines.  Their passion and expertise in
bringing people together led them to launch the Influence group to focus their
efforts on one of the areas they know best, the real estate and facilities
industry. With this specialized concentration the Influence group aims to be a
major professional and business development partner within this space.  The team
at Influence brings a diverse and dedicated mindset for continual improvement,
progress and innovation. However enough about us, our foremost consideration is
YOU.  So please drop us a line and let us know how we can help you achieve your
goals.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Utah: Resident perceptions of natural resources between cities and across scales
in the Pacific Northwest

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued
the following news release:



 As the global population becomes increasingly urban, research is needed to
explore how local culture, land use, andpolicy will influence urban natural
resource management.

We used a broad-scale comparative approach and survey of residents within the
Portland (Oregon)-Vancouver (Washington) metropolitan areas, USA, two states
with similar geographical and ecological characteristics, but different
approaches to land-use planning, to explore resident perceptions about natural
resources at three scales of analysis: property level ("at or near my house"),
neighborhood ("within a 20-minute walk from my house"), and metro level ("across
the metro area"). At the metro-level scale, nonmetric multidimensional scaling
revealed that the two cities were quite similar. However, affinity for
particular landscape characteristics existed within each city with the greatest
difference generally at the property-level scale. Portland respondents expressed
affinity for large mature trees, tree-lined streets, public transportation, and
proximity to stores and services. Vancouver respondents expressed affinity for
plentiful accessible parking. We suggest three explanations that likely are not
mutually exclusive. First, respondents are segmented based on preferences for
particular amenities, such as convenience versus commuter needs. Second,
historical land-use and tax policy legacies may influence individual decisions.
Third, more environmentally attuned worldviews may influence an individual's
desire to produce environmentally friendly outcomes. Our findings highlight the
importance of acknowledging variations in residents' affinities for landscape
characteristics across different scales and locations because these differences
may influence future land-use policies about urban natural resources.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Not the same old song and dance: Old Charades fuse unique sound out of punk,
indie and Americana influences

BYLINE: Charlotte L. Jacobson, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 586 words


Aug. 08--To most people, "Seinfeld," "Star Wars" and The Gaslight Anthem have
little to no similarities. But the members of Old Charades cite these pieces of
pop culture among their biggest influences.

The band was molded out of several other local groups in the region, first with
the union of vocalist and guitarist Sean Flynn and drummer Jerry Connor. Shortly
after, bassist Tom Lopes joined in to complete the three-piece Americana punk
outfit.

The three have very different ideas of how to explain the band's genre, from
rock, to alternative rock, indie with shades of Americana and "vaguely folkish
alterna-rock."

"We're like if 'The Boss' was really p---ed off," joked Mr. Lopes, 26.

The trio bonded over their mutual love of The Gaslight Anthem and "Star Wars,"
while also incorporating their own personal favorites into their sound, noting
influences like The Menzingers, Silversun Pickups, Death Cab for Cutie, folk
music and gypsy jazz. Other non-musical influences include the television show,
"Seinfeld," which the three watched in full numerous times.

Musically, they collaborate to create the songs. One member presents a chord
progression or an idea for the verse first, then they all complete the
instrumentals together. Mr. Flynn writes the lyrics.

Old Charades dropped its debut full-length album at a release party Saturday in
Wilkes-Barre. The album, titled "End Together/Start Together" features ten songs
-- a mix of new songs and a few songs from their EP.

"They're the broken eggs that made the omelette," Mr. Lopes said of the
re-released songs.

"It's an interesting record because it's a collection of songs," Mr. Flynn, 28,
added. "There's a linear sound and it all goes together. But I feel like those
songs are the ones that Jerry and I started writing together and then Tom joined
in. The next (album) I'm really excited about because it'll sound like there's a
thread through all of them."

In addition to performing shows at local spots such as The Otherside in
Wilkes-Barre, Duffy's Coffee House in Clarks Summit and Embassy Vinyl in
Scranton, the group travels to Philadelphia often to play house shows, as Mr.
Connor attends Temple University.

"It's just fun to watch us live," Mr. Connor, 21, said. "I can just tell the
three of us have fun playing live. And we have no band drama."

"We are very good at making it sound like it's bigger than a three-piece," Mr.
Flynn added. "We are good at filling out the holes in the music."

In the future, Mr. Flynn said they would like to get the band's record on a
label, but for now they are pleased with just seeing where their "loosely based
idea of a band" takes them.

"We've played enough that we know the pitfalls of bands and we're just trying to
have fun with that," Mr. Lopes said. "We've all been in bands that have failed
to get love from the local scene, so we're just at the point in our lives, even
the wee baby Jerry, that we just want to have fun. If people enjoy it, that's
awesome."

Contact the writer:

cjacobson@citizensvoice.com,

@CVcljacobson on Twitter.

Meet Old Charades

Founded: 2014

Based out of: Scranton/Philadelphia

Members: Sean Flynn, guitar & vocals; Tom Lopes, bass; and Jerry Connor, drums

For fans of: The Gaslight Anthem, The Menzingers, Death Cab For Cutie

Genre: Americana punk

Online: oldcharades.

bandcamp.com, facebook.com/oldcharades

Up next: Sept. 16, The Keys, 244 Penn Ave.

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160808-YT-Not-the-same-old-song-and-dance-Old-Charades-fuse-unique-sound-out-o
f-punk-indie-and-Americana-influences-0808-20160808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            March 9, 2013, Saturday

Short takes

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 688 words


Short takes

LAST weekend the State Police did a blitz on driving under the influence. The
results were disheartening to troopers.

The State Police arrested 67 people for DUI, issued 352 traffic citations, and
gave drivers 1,767 warnings.

"Obviously some motorists are not getting the

message that driving under the influence has negative consequences," said First
Sgt. Michael Baylous.

"Ideally, we would like to conduct such a blitz and see no arrests for driving
under the influence. Until that happens, we must continue to educate the public
on the hazards of such reckless behavior."

But the battle against drunk driving is being won. In 1982, the United States
suffered 26,173 alcohol-

related traffic fatalities.

In 2011, the toll was 9,828 - a 72 percent drop.

That comes despite a 36 percent increase in population. The drop in DUI deaths
is the main reason there has been overall a 36 percent decrease in

traffic fatalities, making the anti-DUI campaign

a success.

Keep up the good work, troopers.

---

IN July 2008, dozens of FBI agents raided the homes and offices of public
officials and busi-nesses in the Cleveland area in a mass effort to break
corruption in Cuyahoga County.

The result is that former County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and County Auditor
Frank Russo, both Democrats, are in prison serving sentences of 28 and 21 years,
respectively.

The pair ran a huge patronage machine and both men accepted millions in bribes.
In all 47 people are either in prison or headed that way.

And nearly 1,000 county employees retired, quit or were fired.

The bottom line is the county payroll had a net drop of 589 employees - meaning
that taxpayers paid millions of dollars (and owe millions more in pensions) for
nearly 600 make-work or no-show jobs.

The crimes of Dimora, Russo and company were all nonviolent. Anyone care to
argue that they should be placed on home confinement to save money?

---

OFFICIALS at Wheeling Island Hotel-Casino-Racetrack are considering dropping
table games unless the state reduces its $2.5 million

licensing fee and some taxes.

Wheeling Island managers say they lose money on table games because of
competition from Ohio and Pennsylvania.

Wheeling Mayor Andy McKenzie told council his city would lose $720,000 in annual
revenue if table games are shut down.

That would be a challenge, but it would amount to a little over 2 percent of the
city's nearly $31 million budget for next year.

Two percent is a popular number this year. The state is cutting spending by 2
percent to feed the ever-growing cost of Medicaid. Washington is aflutter about
sequestration - a 2 percent cut in spending.

Yes, it would be a pain, but Wheeling taxpayers would probably understand.

After all, most of them have already cut their own budgets by that much or more.

---

DESPITE all the president's efforts to portray cutting federal spending to 98
cents on the dollar as disastrous - a government that

borrows 33 cents of every dollar it spends - life at the White House continues
as usual, reports Daniel Halper of the conservative Weekly Standard.

The White House has not laid off Chief Calli-

grapher Patricia A. Blair (annual salary $96,725) or her two deputies, who
receive $85,953 and $94,372 per year.

With benefits, the White House is shelling out $400,000 a year for work that
could easily be done by changing the font on a computer.

In 1976, Charles Peters, founder of the liberal Washington Monthly, called the
hysteria that surrounds budget cuts as "The Firemen First Principle."

The administration's threat to cut essentials while continuing self-indulgences
is as disgusting as it is

insulting. Enough.

---

FOR years, some medical practitioners have pushed wellness programs as a way to
rein in health costs.

Now a study shows that wellness programs may be oversold, because what is saved
in hospitalizations is wiped out by increased costs for medications and
outpatient visits, the Associated Press reported.

"The immediate payback in terms of cost is probably not going to be there," said
economist Gautum Gowrisankaran of the University of Arizona-Tucson, lead author
of the study.

Alas, solutions are never as simple as they appear.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            December 13, 2004 Monday

On the record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 701 words


McLEAN COUNTY

DUIs

Alcohol - Richard S. Hetherington, 60, Fairbury, fined $600, DUI fine of $500
and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence
of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Darla J. Shumaker, 42, of the 1100 block of Broadway, Normal, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Marc A. Feaster, 48, of the 300 block of West Wood Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Recommended treatment
completed.

Alcohol - Roosevelt A. Perkins, 31, of the 500 block of East Poplar Street,
Normal, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Troy T. Donahue, 36, El Paso, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending
remission hearing for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment and 100 hours of community service.

Alcohol - Joel S. Rhodes, 19, of the 500 block of West Wood Street, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol and conviction for leaving the scene of
property damage accident. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Phyllis D. McElroy, 35, of the 700 block of West Orlando Avenue,
Normal, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Rachael L. Robinson, 26, of the 1000 block of South Mason Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Angela M. Bales, 23, of the 1000 block of Samantha Street, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Recommended treatment completed.

Alcohol - Alfredo A. Garza, 29, of the 1300 block of Schroeder, Normal, fined
$600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and
60 days in jail, with credit for 49 days served and day for day credit to apply,
for driving under the influence of alcohol and conviction for driving while
driver's license suspended. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - David W. Pashia, 22, Dupo, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Megan M. Brown, 22, of the 300 block West Mulberry Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Erik T. Lewis, 23, Pontiac, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - David M. Wulf, 22, of the 1900 block of Oakwood Avenue, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - Charley D. Rollings, 28, of the 1100 block of North Evans Street,
Bloomington, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court supervision
for driving under the influence of alcohol; fined $600 for operation of
uninsured motor vehicle; and conviction of illegal transportation of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol - James R. Fraley, 22, LaRose, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending
remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol; and fined $500
for operation of uninsured motor vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 22, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 613 words


Family Influence Affirmed In Early Childhood Study

BOSTON--Even lots of child care by non-family members does not diminish the
profound influences of family on young children, researchers have found.

Working for the federal Institute of Child Health and Human Development,
researchers followed about 1,300 newborns at 10 sites over seven years. By age 6
months, most were in child care with someone other than a parent--a relative,
home provider, day care center. Some of the findings were summarized yesterday
at the annual meeting of the American Psychological Association.

The researchers measured the quality of family environment based on such factors
as income, a mother's education, how sensitively the mother handles her child's
needs and how well she plays with her child.

High scores in those areas predicted good outcomes in children more strongly
than the quality of care by someone else. Such outcomes at ages 2 and 3 included
mental and language skills, school readiness and positive social behavior.

In a finding that surprised some researchers, the relationship between the
family factors and outcomes in children stays the same whether the children
spend less than 10 hours or more than 30 hours weekly in out-of-family child
care. When both family and child care appear to influence outcomes in children,
the estimated impact of family is at least twice as great as the child care
influences.

The project's findings are similar to earlier research on the impact of
preschool, which children usually attend at ages 3 and 4.

"I find it very reassuring for parents who work," said Sarah L. Friedman,
scientific coordinator of the federal project. "It means what parents believe
and what parents do and the quality of the family environment make a
difference."

Psychologist Margaret Burchinal, who analyzes statistics for the federal
project, cautioned that the research also underscores the value of good child
care. "It's not as important as the home, but it is important," she said.

Addenda

* CLEVELAND--About 40 Ku Klux Klan members rallied in hooded robes and gave
racist speeches for 80 minutes outside a downtown court building a few blocks
from a black family expo and hours before the Cleveland Browns first home game
since 1995. They were outnumbered by about 300 counter-demonstrators, who
chanted slogans and held up anti-Klan signs from their own fenced-in protest
area, and 600 police officers, who reported no arrests.

* HANOVER, N.H.--A Hawaiian luau at Dartmouth College was canceled after
students complained it was culturally insensitive. The party was to have been
sponsored by Alpha Chi Alpha fraternity and Delta Delta Delta sorority. Last
year, more than 400 Dartmouth students staged a peaceful protest against a
fraternity-sorority sponsored "ghetto" party in which students were encouraged
to dress as inner-city black people.

* ANDERSON, S.C.--Shannon Faulkner, who fought a legal battle to open the
all-male military academy The Citadel to women, has graduated from a college 200
miles across the state. She earned a bachelor's degree in secondary education of
English this month from Anderson College, one of two schools she attended after
dropping out of The Citadel after six days.

* NEW YORK--The FBI is investigating allegations that a guard at the Federal
Medical Center in Rochester, Minn., cursed and assaulted Sheik Omar
Abdel-Rahman, the imprisoned Egyptian cleric whose followers blew up the World
Trade Center, officials said. The blind sheik bumped his head and bruised his
arm when he allegedly was knocked off a toilet by a prison lieutenant who
entered his cell early Aug. 8.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday

He was such a big star, the Replacements named a song after him

BYLINE: By Ross Raihala Pop Music Critic

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Music

LENGTH: 393 words


Cult singer/songwriter Alex Chilton died Wednesday at age 59 of an apparent
heart attack. And while he was born in Memphis, his influence was so strong on
the Twin Cities that the Replacements named a 1987 song after him.

In 1967, at the age of 16, Chilton scored an international hit as the lead
singer of the Box Tops with the song "The Letter," which remains an oldies radio
staple to this day. Chilton's most lasting influence came in the early '70s when
he formed the band Big Star and issued a trio of records filled with wry lyrics
and Beatles-esque melodies. Distribution problems played a large part in Big
Star's failure to find a wider audience, but much like the Velvet Underground
before them, Big Star slowly built a following among musicians and fans, with
bands like R.E.M., Primal Scream and the Posies claiming Chilton's work as a
major influence.

Chilton met the young Minneapolis punk band the Replacements after they
performed in New York in 1984, with Chilton offering to produce the group. Early
the next year, Chilton flew to Minneapolis and helped the band record several
tracks, including "Nowhere Is My Home" and several versions of "Can't Hardly
Wait." Those songs remained unreleased, however, until they were added to a 2008
reissue of the Replacements' album "Tim."

The Replacements went on to record 1987's "Pleased to Meet Me" with Big Star's
producer Jim Dickinson. The disc featured the tribute song "Alex Chilton," and
although the band had hoped Chilton would contribute to the finished product, he
ended up only adding guitar to the final version of "Can't Hardly Wait."

In part because of the Replacements' championing of Chilton, Big Star's albums
were reissued in the early '90s and found an appreciative new audience. Chilton
unexpectedly reformed Big Star in 1993 and toured with the band over the years,
releasing a new disc, "In Space," in 2005. Chilton performed live numerous times
in the Twin Cities, at First Avenue, the 400 Bar and at special events like
Taste of Minnesota and the Mill City Festival.

Chilton died at a hospital in New Orleans. He is survived by his wife, Laura,
and a son, Timothy. Big Star was scheduled to perform Saturday night at the
annual South by Southwest music festival in Texas. The performance is now
expected to become a tribute to Chilton.

Ross Raihala can be reached at 651-228-5553.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - Alex Chilton of the 1970's rock band 'Big Star' performs at the
South by Southwest Music Festival in Austin, Texas, in this March 19, 2004 file
photo. Chilton, who topped the charts as a teen and later became a cult hero
with the band Big Star, died Wednesday March 17, 2010. He was 59. (AP Photo/Jack
Plunkett, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 28, 2008 Sunday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. a6

LENGTH: 407 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Kennon A. Blackwell, 30, of 911 Cahill Drive on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to comply at 2:54 a.m. Wednesday at 1625 Stillwater Ave.

Jason A. Reiling, 31, of 5820 E. 13th St. for driving under the influence and
misdemeanor marijuana possession at 2:05 a.m. Wednesday at 3410 Dell Range Blvd.

Tenaya R. Martinez, 33, of 2410 Reed Ave. for driving under the influence at
10:34 p.m. Tuesday at 2535 E. Lincolnway.

Nona L. Nissen, 44, of 5118 Panorama Drive on an out-of-county misdemeanor
warrant at 2:12 p.m. Tuesday at Rue Terre and Dell Range Boulevard.

Rory D. McManus, 29, of 514 Melton St., Apt. D for driving under the influence
at 2:20 a.m. Tuesday at Carroll Avenue and Sunrise Drive.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Tommie R. Kniseley, 30, of 200 Walterscheid Blvd. for domestic violence and
attempted simple assault at 2:16 a.m. Wednesday at her residence.

David L. Hastings, 46, of 3500 Amherst Road on a misdemeanor warrant for
domestic assault and battery at 10:06 p.m. Tuesday at his residence.

Justine L. Hastings, 35, of 3500 Amherst Road on a misdemeanor warrant for
domestic assault and battery at 10:06 p.m. Tuesday at her residence.

Donald J. Westbrook Jr., 56, of 10665 Cherry Wood Lane for driving under the
influence at 8:11 p.m. Tuesday at Cheyenne Regional Medical Center.

Michael S. Gonzales, 22, of 5008 Moran Ave. on a felony warrant for probation
violation at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Andrew J. Sawyer, 22, of 3518 Birch Place on a felony warrant for property
destruction at noon Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Juana A. Garcia-Garcia, 28, of Cicero, Ill. on a felony federal hold at 1:20
p.m. Monday at 5300 Bishop Blvd.

Higinio Suarez-Garcia, 30, of Napa, Calif. on a felony federal hold at 1:20 p.m.
Monday at 5300 Bishop Blvd.

n

Recently arrested by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
was:

Clinton W. Barber, 38, of Laramie on a U.S. Marshals Service hold at 4 p.m.
Monday at his residence.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 8/9/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Isaiah John Arnold, 75 Liverpool St., Apt. G, Manchester; driving under the
influence: general impairment, incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, exceed 55 mph in other location by 52 mph,
turning movements and required signals; waived to court.

Brian E. Wiley, P.O. Box 124, Manchester; theft by deception; waived to court.

Miguel Angel Ortega, c/o York County Prison; possession with intent to deliver
cocaine; held for court.

Frank Eugene Weaver, 2825 Eastwood Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Jayson Coman, 1918 Yout St., Racine, WI; soliciting without a permit; found
guilty in absentia.

Michael Scott, 4155 Woodlyn Terrace; retail theft; found guilty in absentia.

Stephen Kowalski, 4950 Brown Lane; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Donald Blouse Jr., 707 York St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence; highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Gerardo D. Lopez III, 1903 Powder Mill Road; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, traffic
control signals, driving under suspension; held for court in absentia.

Ashley R. Wagner, 1807 Manor St., Columbia; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Kristie Lynn Smith, 4071 Fox Run Drive, Dover; retail theft; held for court.

Douglas R. Klinedinst Jr., 119 S. 4th St., Room No. 3, Wrightsville; possession
of controlled substance, possession of controlled/counterfeit substance; waived
to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 21, 2005 Friday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 644 words


Ellsworth District Court

Cases Sept. 15-Oct. 14, 2005

Christian T. Dyndiuk, 21, Ellsworth, operating motor vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $500.

Kenneth R. Eaton, 60, Castine, criminal threatening, jail 30 days; assault, jail
30 days; assault, jail nine months, suspended, probation one year.

Bradley K. Eldridge, 27, Crittenden, Ky., operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Edward O. Ellis, 33, Franklin, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $1,300, jail nine months, all but 30 days suspended, probation one
year, license suspended four years; operating motor vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, dismissed; unlawful possession of scheduled drug, $500,
jail 20 days, restitution $110.

Robert E. Ellis, 36, Bucksport, theft by misapplication of property, jail two
days.

Richard England III, 22, Bangor, fishing without valid license, $100.

Glenn M. Evans, 22, Otter Creek, possession of marijuana, $350.

Alexander K. Facciolo, 18, Harrington, possession of marijuana, $200.

Peter D. Fagonde, 31, Jonesport, fishing without valid license, $100.

Joshua M. Farren, 23, Brunswick, operating motor vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Herman Faulkingham, 22, Winter Harbor, violation of lobster crab fishing rule,
$250.

Patrick Faulkingham, 51, Winter Harbor, violation of lobster, crab fishing rule,
$250.

Fellis Construction, Mariaville, violating fuel tax licensing or reporting,
$250.

Brenda Fennell, 35, Blue Hill, permitting unlawful use, $150.

Ryan C. Fields, 19, Frankfort, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $600; minor transporting liquor, $200.

Misty M. Fifield, 23, Stonington, furnishing liquor to minor, $500.

Joseph P. Finnegan, 45, Stamford, Conn., violation of watercraft rules, $100.

Christian S. Fitzgerald, 29, Otis, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Brian K. Folckemer, 34, Surry, theft by deception, jail 30 days; forgery, jail
30 days.

Kyle M. Folsom, 22, Hermon, failing to make oral or written accident report,
$250.

Kent V. Forbes, 40, Castine, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants; theft by unauthorized use of property; jury trial.

Craig Foss, 36, Holden, terrorizing, jail 30 days; violating condition of
release, jail 30 days.

Billie-Jo Frates, 29, Orland, disorderly conduct, $150.

Brandon M. French, 18, Prospect, criminal trespass, $100.

James B. Friend, 20, Sedgwick, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Russell Fye, 24, Ellsworth, possession of marijuana, $200.

Gordon Geiger, 34, Bar Harbor, violating protective order, $200.

Charles C. Gibson, 24, Southwest Harbor, endangering welfare of child, jail
eight months; terrorizing, not guilty; two counts furnishing liquor to minor,
jail eight months each count.

Eric A. Giesa, 33, no residence listed, operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $600, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Adam D. Gilbert, 22, Bucksport, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants; operating vehicle without license; jury trial.

Jeffrey M. Gillen, 24, Sedgwick, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Debra Gordon, 48, Bucksport, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Billy Joe Gove, 22, Stonington, shellfish fishing without license, $280.

Theresa Graham, 20, Otis, minor transporting liquor, $100, license suspended 30
days.

Dylan J. Grant, 26, Ellsworth, failure to register vehicle, $100.

Arthur Gray Jr., 75, Orland, assault, jail 60 days, suspended, probation one
year.

George A. Gray, 39, Blue Hill, attaching false plates, $100; two counts
violating condition of release, jail seven days each count.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

Bedford library's blues series to showcase blend of influences

BYLINE: Mark Reiter, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


Feb. 09--TEMPERANCE -- The Macpodz is a testament to why blues is the roots of
all American music.

Instead of guitar, the five musicians in the young Ann Arbor band blend bass,
trumpet, flute, keyboard, and drums to create a distinctive a style of jazz and
rootsy sounds.

The mostly instrumental act will perform Feb. 22 at the Bedford Library as part
of the Monroe County Library Systems' month-long blues series that began Feb. 1.

Bill Reiser, library system coordinator, said despite the lack of guitar,
listeners can hear the influences of blues in the jam band, and appropriate for
inclusion in the library's award-winning Black History Month Blues Series.

"What we have tried to show over the years is how the blues is related to many
kinds of musical genres," he said.

Macpodz will perform at 7 p.m. for about two hours. Other events in the series
include The (pretty) Big Gig at 7 p.m. Feb. 15 in the Meyer Theater at Monroe
County Community College's La-Z-Boy center in Monroe.

The blues series began in 1988 to celebrate Black History Month and promote
community spirit and multiculturalism.

"We usually combine national, regional, and local acts. We have presented
everyone from blues legends like Willie Dixon, Pine Top Perkins, and Nappy Brown
to younger artists like Guy Davis, Rory Block, and Safire -- the Uppity Blues
Women," Mr. Reiser said. "More often than not, we have capacity crowds at all
the events. People really seem to enjoy it. We have set a standard for quality
that is very important."

The library received the Keeping the Blues Alive Award in 2009 in the education
category from the Memphis-based Blues Foundation for the series' contributions
to the musical genre in Monroe.

"We have been doing this for 24 years. Monroe has definitely earned a reputation
for the blues series and certainly has become kind of an unlikely hotbed for
blues music," Mr. Reiser said.

All the events in the blues series are free.

The library is supported with a coalition of community sponsors to pay for the
programs. "It is a very unique, diverse group of organizations and businesses
that come together to make this happen," Mr. Reiser said.

Other events in the series include The (pretty) Big Gig at 7 p.m. Feb. 15 in the
Meyer Theater at Monroe County Community College's La-Z-Boy center in Monroe.

The Big Gig, featuring the Holmes Brothers, the Ebony Hillbillies, and the Rev.
Robert Jones, is at 7 p.m. Feb. 26, also in the Meyer Theater.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110209-TO-Bedford-library-s-blues-series-to-showcase-blend-of-
influences-0209-20110209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 11/03/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Josee Nieves-Galarza, 709 N. George St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver, criminal
conspiracy-manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver;
held for court.

Siomarie Rodriguez-Feli ciano, 709 N. George St.; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver; criminal
conspiracy-manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver;
held for court.

Troy Ruppert, 380 Hykes Mill Road, Manchester; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, marijuana-small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Brandon L. Moats, 44 N. Main St., Mount Wolf; marijuana-small amount for
personal use, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Gerald E. Orris III, 419 S. 15th St., Harrisburg; aggravated assault,
fleeing/eluding police, accident involving death/personal injury-not licensed,
accident involving damage to attended vehicle/property, reckless endangering
another person, reckless driving, driving under suspension, stop sign violation;
waived to court.

Yvette Witherson, 19 N. Main St., Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; waived to court.

Naquan Cross, 666 Madison Ave.; receiving stolen property, disorderly conduct,
lamps/other equipment on pedalcycle, criminal conspiracy-theft of property,
theft of property; waived to court.

Adam M. Sweeney, 2763 Woodmont Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Wilberto Torres-Bobe, 548 W. Jackson St.; accidents involving death/personal
injury, no driver's license; waived to court.

Rosemary E. Tetreault, 1309 W. Market St.; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, careless driving; waived to court.

Jacqueline M. Smith, 42 Dakota Drive, Hanover; false reports-falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police; waived to court.

Paul H. Wallick, 1112 N. George St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under suspension; waived to
court.

Kevin M. Pellegrino, 1740 Argyle Drive; receiving stolen property; waived to
court.

Doris Nieves, 709 N. George St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, criminal conspiracy-manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Travis Lauchman, 89 Paradise Road, Dub Cabbib; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Roman Saxon, 6 S. Highland Ave.; disorderly conduct, public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, serve time.

Angela Hengst, 64 Chipawa Ave., Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Raymond Hengst III, 64 Chipawa Ave., Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Nicholas Woodyard, 251 E. Jackson St.; public drunkenness, public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, served time.

Ronald Abel Jr., 729 Chestnut St., Columbia; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

David Ruby, P.O. Box 160, Craley; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Patricia Kottcamp, 126 S. Main St., Mount Wolf; harassment, disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, served time.

Jared L. Poist, 4781 Lincolnway Court; disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Justin Goolsby, 217 Albany Ave., West, Walkersville, Md.; public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Samuel Einsig, 3001 Bradford Place; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

---

District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township.

DISPOSITIONS

Christopher J. Ginn, 1550 Detweiler Drive; criminal trespass; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Carl Smith III, 638 W. King St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Isaac D. Davis, 500 Susquehanna Ave.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

---

District Judge Nancy L. Edie's office covers Chance ford, Lower Chanceford and
Peach Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.

DISPOSITIONS

Laura B. Hankey, 199 Neill Run Road, Delta; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty.

Cody R. Jackson, 16 Riverview Road, Delta; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor; pleaded guilty.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                            December 4, 2009 Friday

Influence Of Dylan Is Strong

BYLINE: Gordon Barr

SECTION: B; Pg. 2-3

LENGTH: 827 words


ALAN NICHOL has the latest on the roots music scene

HEARING the music of Pete  Molinari may transport the  listener to the US,
specifically to Chatham County, North Carolina, or even the one down  in
Georgia.

What it most certainly will not do is conjure up an image of the Garden of
England!

Nevertheless, that is precisely where he is from   Chatham, Kent.

Molinari headlines an attractive night in the intimate Cluny 2 tonight.

He draws on early-period  Bob Dylan, which taps into the influence of Woody
Guthrie and the rich seam of folk-blues interpreters of New York's Greenwich
Village, circa 1962.

Molinari has elements of the young Dylan but there are traces of  blues/jazz
singer Jimmy Scott there, too, plus Hank Williams and a little Patsy Cline.

The latter may seem a bit far-fetched until you hear his voice, which is a
genuinely rare instrument.

He was born into a family with Maltese, Italian and Egyptian blood but he no
doubt grew up trying to decide whether he was actually a Man of Kent or a
Kentish Man.

Whatever his lineage, his musical influences were all from across the Atlantic
including Billie Holiday and John Coltrane    and he was equally inspired by the
travelling tales of Guthrie (Bound For Glory) and Kerouac (On the Road).

So much so that he was compelled to travel extensively in the US, ultimately
spending around 18 months in the well-spring of Greenwich Village.

His debut album, 2006's Walking Off the Map (Damaged Goods Records) was given a
right royal welcome by the music press.

Not bad for a record which was effectively brought to life in the kitchen of
influential musician, painter and  poet, Billy Childish. The record was largely
Molinari and acoustic guitar (plus a little percussion).

The follow-up, A Virtual Landslide, on the same label used a full band and
ventured a little beyond the earthy folk-blues of his debut.

The critics treated it the same way   with purple prose. He currently has an EP
entitled Today, Tomorrow & Forever on release. Recorded in Nashville, it
includes the Jordanaires (Elvis's famed vocal group).

Also on the Cluny bill is the Texas-based singer/guitarist Danny Schmidt.

UK blues/R n'B band Dr Feelgood briefly interrupt the flow of troubadours on
Saturday night with a show at the Cluny. Most people know what to expect from
the Feelgoods    up-tempo good time  rock/blues   and it would  appear to be the
ideal fit for a Saturday night.

STILL at the Cluny, Sunday night sees the arrival of another Texan, Gurf Morlix,
who has steadily built his audience over here.

He is perhaps best known as producer and multi-instrumentalist for artists like
Lucinda Williams, Mary Gauthier, Slaid Cleaves, Butch Hancock, Tom Russell and
Warren Zevon but he has his own solo career, too, with half a dozen albums to
his name. Sharing the bill with him is the Canadian rising star Catherine
MacLellan.

Well, maybe the "rising" is not as appropriate now that she has been recently
installed as Canada's Solo Artist of the Year (Canada Folk Music Awards).

Her new record, Water In The Ground (True North Records), is her  third and it
is sure to raise her to the front rank of Canadian writer/ singers.

Early tours with Bruce Cockburn and Steve Forbert have helped forge a solo
career which is only set to go one way.

Her handful of UK dates affords the opportunity to catch a classy performer of
folk/country  original material with a gift for memorable melodies. The new
album also has the added bonus of including her debut recording, previously only
available by mail order.

OVER at The Sage Gateshead on Sunday night  there are certain to be plenty of
folks out to see Ezio, as it is a while since they performed on Tyneside.

Effectively, two lead-guitarists    Ezio Lunedai and Mark "Booga" Fowell   the
pair have been stalwarts of the roots/acoustic scene for around 20 years,
building a reputation  for their live performances.

ON WEDNESDAY night, The Sage hosts a night which sounds quite unique, putting
voices, not instruments, to the fore.

Soul Noel brings together  two top-notch vocalists, a soul band and members of
the London Community Gospel Choir.

The traffic-stopping combination of  South African mezzo-soprano Sibongile
Khumalo and UK soul-funk king Ola Onabule is powerful enough, but this night has
even more.

Khumalo, born in Soweto and a music graduate, has sung opera and jazz in her
homeland   becoming one of the continent's leading singers in the process.

Her soaring yet soulful voice is as smooth as silk and it will be offset by the
equally-impressive  Onabule's  incredible four-octave range (Bobby McFerrin,
here in January, has a similar range).

Onabule deserted a promising career in law to follow his heart into a singing
career, setting up his own label, Rugged Ram Records, along the way and he now
has six albums to his name.

The London-born (to Nigerian parents) Onabule has worked with a host of big
names including Patti LaBelle and Gladys Knight  in the soul field.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              June 2, 2008 Monday

Crime Watch for 6/2/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words


District Court 19-2-01 covers Springettsbury and Hellam townships, Hallam and
Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Amy Jo Hollis, 2588 Mayfield St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, maximum speed
limits; waived to court.

Seth Edward Gray, 209 Chestnut St., Wrightsville; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment, driving
under the influence: controlled substance/metabolite, registration/certificate
of title required; waived to court.

Heather Lynn Delpi, 3 Lois Court, Shrewsbury; theft of leased property; held for
court.

Ryan S. Fox, 44 High St., Felton; retail theft; waived to court.

Christopher Hurley, 3205 E. Market St., Apt. J-1; theft from a motor vehicle,
criminal mischief, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Michael Joseph Cassidy, 2109 Aslan Drive; retail theft; waived to court.

Jonathan Dajuan Irby, 482 W. Philadelphia St.; access device fraud, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Jamie M. Fischer, 814 Walnut St., Columbia; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, general
lighting requirements, driving on right side of roadway; waived to court.

Joseph D. Schilling, 5775 Soundview Drive, Suite 103-C, Gig Harbor, Wash.;
possession of drug paraphernalia, underage alcohol; waived to court.

Jessica A. Williams, 1100 Riverside Drive, Apt. 21, Lake Havasu City, Ariz.;
marijuana-small amount for personal use, possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

David R. Rogers, 1005 Pequea Creek Road, Pequea; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, maximum
speed limits; waived to court.

Michelle Lynn Leader, 819 Rathon Road; retail theft; held for court.

Kevin Alan Grove, 26 S. Lee St.; possession of marijuana, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Eugene Emerson King III, 2273 Locust Lane; possession of controlled substance;
waived to court.

Todd R. Miller, 203 W. Forest Ave., Shrewsbury; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, exceed 55
m.p.h. in other location by 20 m.p.h., disregard traffic lane (single); waived
to court.

Matthew E. Harrison, 1108 Hearthridge Lane; harassment-communication, lewd,
threatening, etc. language; held for court.

Steven Koontz, 3380 Druck Valley Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Tiberious D. Murray, 34 N. Franklin St.; intent to possess controlled substance
by person not registered; waived to court.

Terrance A. Rainey, 34 N. Franklin St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
held for court.

---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Barbara Murray, 950 S. Pleasant Ave., Dallastown; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Walter Fackler III, 1501 Stanton St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Tina Ort, 1100 N. George St., second floor; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Joseph Swartz, 147.5 Woodland Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Michael Jones, 7417 Lineboro Road, Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Steven Cillis, H2 Country Club Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Jose Velez, 479 S. Pershing Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, served
time.

William Flowers, 183 S. Highland Ave.; scattering rubbish; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Daniel O'Mahoney, 6 Butler Place, North Port, N.Y.; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Michael Eberly, 310 Clarks Way; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Harry Farleman Jr., 107 White Tail Lane, Windsor; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 24, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Macau in grips of gang wars

BYLINE: Jack Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 873 words

DATELINE: MACAU

MACAU -- Renowned for gambling, entertainment and nightlife, this Portuguese
outpost in China once was called the "Las Vegas of the East."

Now the peninsula and islands called Macau have been dubbed the "Chicago of the
Orient" by the press, recalling an era when gangsters like Al Capone ruled the
Windy City.

Armed gangs from China, known as triads, are shooting it out for control of
Macau's lucrative gambling business before the territory reverts to Chinese
control in 1999.

"People are scared for their lives," says Clara Machado, 23, a Portuguese
banker, shopping in an open-air food market on Rua da Emenda. "Crime is getting
worse by the day."


Macau, (pronounced muh-COW), a 6-square-mile colony of 450,000 people on China's
southern coastline, returns to Chinese sovereignty on Dec. 20, 1999, after 442
years as a Portuguese territory. Neighboring Hong Kong reverted to Chinese
control on July 1.

A visit here in the days after Hong Kong's transfer shows similarities. As in
Hong Kong, few in Macau doubt China's coming influence. In fact, China already
has taken over. The only remaining Portuguese influence is a flag flying over
City Hall, the street names and a handful of civil servants.

"China controls everything," says a Chinese businessman who refused to reveal
his name for fear of retribution. "Everyone is afraid of its influence."

China's growing business influence is one thing. But nothing has Macau residents
as worried as the gangland-style murders, bombings and arson attacks rocking the
territory's quiet cobblestone streets.

Two rival triads, the "14K" and the smaller "Soi Fong," are competing for turf
against a 2001 deadline, says Joao Guedes, who has studied and written about
Macau's gangs. That's when Hong Kong tycoon Stanley Ho's 35-year monopoly over
Macau's gambling ends.

Both gangs are desperate to bid on the lucrative monopoly. Police say the winner
would operate the casinos through a legitimate company. The winning gang would
be a "behind-the-scenes partner," police say, managing the casinos through
companies as the American mafia reportedly once did with casinos in Las Vegas.

In the battle for supremacy, 16 people have been killed in the first six months
of this year, compared with 21 in 1996. Macau police, despite help from Chinese
law enforcement officials, have had little success curbing the violence.

A Portuguese gambling official who waged a public campaign against the triads
was shot in the head in November. He survived but now travels with four armed
bodyguards.

"The triads have made us prisoners in our own country," complains Michael Wong,
26, a commodities trader who carries a handgun and wears a $1,000 bulletproof
vest. "No one can stop them, not even the Chinese government."

Too small to compete with Hong Kong for a piece of Asia's economic action, Macau
has turned itself into the region's playground. Gambling lures 8 million
visitors a year from Asia and an increasing number from China, where gambling is
illegal. About 60% of the government's revenue comes from the casinos, which
employ a third of Macau's workforce.

The violence is affecting tourism. The number of visitors from Hong Kong, who
make up more than half of Macau's tourism, was down 21% from 1995 to 1996.

Macau's government accuses the press of overreporting the violence and says
overall tourism dropped only 2.4% the first half of this year. Most hotel
operators, though, dispute the government figure, saying the drop was closer to
25%.

The violence also has clouded the transition. Chinese officials have repeatedly
asked Portugal to stop the violence. The issue has raised tempers on both sides.


Still, Chinese officials say, the movement toward Macau's transfer is going more
smoothly than it did in Hong Kong, a former British colony.

"Unlike Hong Kong, most Macau Chinese have patriotic feelings about their
motherland," says U Tak Hon, chief reporter with Macau's Va Kio Pou daily
newspaper. "Chinese schools in Macau always followed (China's) history."

Another reason for the smooth transition: Unlike the British in Hong Kong, the
Portuguese have not pressed for democracy in Macau. So becoming part of
communist China would not be a shock.

"Macau people try to give face to China," says Victor Chan, a senior editor at
Macau TV. "Macau is small. It's pointless to enter a contest of strength with
China."

Macau was established in 1557 in the heyday of Portuguese explorer Vasco da
Gama. The territory was granted to Portugal by grateful Chinese leaders after
Portuguese ships successfully stamped out rampant piracy in the region.

Pink and white houses, with ceiling fans and outdoor fountains, create an aura
of quiet colonialism. But downtown Macau's multibillion-dollar construction boom
threatens to wipe out some of that charm. Skyscrapers are being built next to
colonial homes. School buildings are being turned into shopping malls.

Some of Macau's 40,500 Portuguese residents fear both the boom and the crime.
"If something bad happens, I'll take the first plane to Portugal," says Dina
Cruz, 38, a civil servant. "The charm will be lost."


ABOUT MACAU

Source: CIA World Factbook

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 23, 2004

CORRECTION: On April 22, a team of journalists finished a review of former USA
TODAY reporter Jack Kelley's work and concluded that at least 20 of his stories
contained fabrications and that he also lifted at least 100 passages, without
attribution, from other publications. This story was among those cited in
reports that were published on March 19, 2004 and April 22, 2004. The
investigation found several passages that resemble stories that ran May 11,
1997, and June 29, 1997, in the Chicago Tribune. For example, Kelley wrote: Too
small to compete with Hong Kong for a piece of Asia's economic action, Macau has
turned itself into the region's playground." On May 11, 1997, the Chicago
Tribune wrote: "Too small to compete with neighboring Hong Kong for a piece of
Asia's heavyweight economic action, Macau had turned itself into the region's
playground."

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Elys A. McLean, USA TODAY(Map); PHOTO, B/W, Robert
Hanashiro, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 7, 2011 Friday

Area professionals, students comment on Steve Jobs' influence

BYLINE: Liam Marlaire, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1045 words


Oct. 07--The impact of Steve Jobs goes far beyond the success of Apple products
such as the iPod, iPhone and iPad.

"Steve Jobs was the pioneer of the usable personal computer everyone uses
today," said Dave Dalsveen, a faculty member in the information
technology-programmer/analyst department at Chippewa Valley Technical College.
"I remember my first exposure to the Mac in the mid-'80s. One of the engineers
had a brand new Apple Macintosh computer, and it actually had a mouse and user
interface rather than the command line interface we were all accustomed to
using. You could actually see files as icons on a desktop and could drag items
to a trash bin. How cool was that!"

Jobs, co-founder and former CEO of Apple, died Wednesday at the age of 56.

"His influence was far-reaching," Dalsveen said. "Seymour Cray actually used the
Mac to design the Cray-2 supercomputer. If you look at any desktop on a Mac or
PC, it is very similar to the original Mac desktop from 1984. Mr. Job's Apple
designs shaped the way the PCs, smartphones and other devices work, look and
feel today."

Mike Ohren, CEO of MacMan in Eau Claire, echoed that sentiment.

"Steve's influence with Apple, as well as many other companies, (and) to
continue to be innovative have to be the greatest things I will remember about
him," Ohren said. "Because of him I started MacMan in 1994, but our customers
are why we do the things we do.

"Steve created an incredible culture at Apple. It is that culture and drive that
keeps it exciting. Being an Apple specialist, I have worked closely with many
great Apple employees. The culture runs deep."

Valued boss

Allen Olivo, a 1975 UW-Eau Claire graduate who lives in the San Francisco area,
initially worked at Apple from late 1994 through January 1999. He reported
directly to Jobs for much of that time as senior director of worldwide marketing
and corporate communications. He oversaw the "Think Different" campaign, the
iMac launch and other developments. After a stint with Amazon.com, Olivo
returned to Apple to lead retail marketing for its first 60 Apple Stores.

"Working for Steve Jobs was terrific. He was a once-in-a-lifetime person," Olivo
said. "It was a moment in time that I feel very fortunate to have had. I worked
for him at the start of a new arc for Apple. Everything we did was
high-visibility and mattered for the future of Apple.

"Steve had an amazing combination of art, technology, business and humanity. I
learned more working for Steve than in my entire career."

Olivo currently teaches at the University of California, Berkeley, Haas School
of Business and consults with technology and media companies.

"One influence that often gets overlooked is the 'Digital Hub' strategy he
presented at Macworld 2001," Olivo said. "He understood how the personal
computer could become the center of your digital life and be the integration
point for the things people want to do in life. By repositioning the personal
computer as the digital hub for music, photography, video, etc., it gave Apple
the road map that led to iTunes, iPod, iPhone, iPad, the Mac OS evolution, etc.
That strategy created an entire Apple ecosystem that moved it beyond Macintosh
and into the world we know today."

Popular products

An iPad lending program began Sept. 21 at L.E. Phillips Memorial Public Library.
Currently, 287 people are on the waiting list for 32 iPads available for
seven-day checkouts. Six iPads will be available to home delivery customers
beginning late this month or in early November.

"We have gotten more media coverage on this topic than anything we ever have
that I can remember," said library director John Stoneberg, who has seen the
program draw interest from local, state and national outlets.

UW-Eau Claire was like many campuses on Thursday, awash with students using
products born from Jobs' vision.

"I guess what I really like about Apple products in general is their simplicity
in design and usability," senior Thom Fountain said. "I think that simplicity
has made technology more accessible to a large number of people. I feel like
Apple, as a company, with all their innovations, has propelled us out of the
time when technology was only for really smart people who could figure out how
to use it."

Enhancing education

Matt Livesey is program director for the Professional Communication and Emerging
Media Program at UW-Stout in Menomonie. He switched to Apple computers about
three years ago because job postings for graduates of the program were asking
for experience in both PC and Mac platforms, he said.

"It was an emotional thing," Livesey said of Jobs' death. "This is somebody
whose personality influenced computers, music and cellphones. He had a very
personal hand in all of those industries, and those are things we use every
day."

Bernie Pagenkopf, an electrical power distribution instructor at CVTC, made it
mandatory for students in the program to buy iPads and complete all their
coursework on the devices.

"My students love it," he said. "Everything they ever need is on it, and once
they graduate they will be able to use it on the job. They can get answers to
any question they may have in less than a minute, and that is vital when we are
talking restoring power to hundreds, if not thousands, of people."

UW-Eau Claire owns around 1,000 Macs, 3,000 PCs and 100 iPads, according to Chip
Eckardt, chief information officer at the school.

"Steve was not the technical genius people like (Apple co-founder) Steve Wozniak
were, but he had that Walt Disney quality that rarely comes along. ... I don't
think we'll see anyone like Steve for the next 30 years," Eckardt said.

"It's a shame that (Jobs) passed away," said Anna Soldner, a sophomore at UW-Eau
Claire. "People were comparing him to the Thomas Edison of our generation. I can
see where that would be true; he was a genius and a visionary."

That legacy will live on, Olivo said.

"In the end, Steve Jobs didn't just change history, Steve Jobs changed the
future," he said.

Leader-Telegram reporter Taylor Kuether contributed to this report. Marlaire can
be reached at 715-833-9215, 800-236-7077 or liam.marlaire@ecpc.com

___ (c)2011 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111007-EW-Area-professionals-students-comment-on-Steve-Jobs-influence
-1007-20111007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2011 The Leader-Telegram


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

In brief

BYLINE: BAY AREA NEWS GROUP

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 277 words


Washington, D.C.

NASA watchdog: Shuttle decisions not influenced

NASA acted properly when it picked new homes for the retired space shuttles, the
space agency's watchdog said Thursday.

The shuttles were awarded in April to museums in suburban Washington, Los
Angeles, Cape Canaveral, Fla., and New York, based on recommendations by a
special NASA team and a decision by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, a former
shuttle commander.

Congressional and local officials for two of the losing cities -- Houston and
Dayton -- had asked for an investigation, alleging political influences in the
process.

"We found no evidence that the team's recommendation or the administrator's
decision were tainted by political influence of any other improper
consideration," Inspector General Paul Martin wrote in the report released
Thursday. "Moreover, we found no attempt by White House officials to direct or
influence Bolden's decision making."

In other news


     ·    Florida authorities said Thursday that Casey Anthony was polite and
          cooperative during a meeting with her probation officer and pledged to
          meet the conditions of her one-year probation for check fraud. The
          25-year-old Anthony, who has remained hidden since a jury acquitted
          her of killing her young daughter, met with the officer Wednesday.
          Citing death threats against her, officials said they will not reveal
          her location.



     ·    An East Texas man with a prolific cattle rustling history spanning
          more than a decade has been sentenced to 99 years in prison for
          swindling bovines from a Mississippi rancher. Carl Wade Curry, 44 from
          Athens was accused of stealing 400 head of cattle worth more than
          $200,000 last year.


Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

In brief

SECTION: NEWS; National

LENGTH: 265 words


Washington, D.C.

NASA acted properly when it picked new homes for the retired space shuttles, the
space agency's watchdog said Thursday.

The shuttles were awarded in April to museums in suburban Washington, Los
Angeles, Cape Canaveral, Fla., and New York, based on recommendations by a
special NASA team and a decision by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, a former
shuttle commander.

Congressional and local officials for two of the losing cities -- Houston and
Dayton -- had asked for an investigation, alleging political influences in the
process.

"We found no evidence that the team's recommendation or the administrator's
decision were tainted by political influence of any other improper
consideration," Inspector General Paul Martin wrote in the report released
Thursday. "Moreover, we found no attempt by White House officials to direct or
influence Bolden's decision making."

Florida authorities said Thursday that Casey Anthony was polite and cooperative
during a meeting with her probation officer and pledged to meet the conditions
of her one-year probation for check fraud. The 25-year-old Anthony, who has
remained hidden since a jury acquitted her of killing her young daughter, met
with the officer Wednesday. Citing death threats against her, officials said
they will not reveal her location.

An East Texas man with a prolific cattle rustling history spanning more than a
decade has been sentenced to 99 years in prison for swindling bovines from a
Mississippi rancher. Carl Wade Curry, 44 from Athens was accused of stealing 400
head of cattle worth more than $200,000 last year.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             January 9, 2009 Friday

Kyrgyzstan should maintain good ties with USA, Russia, China - paper

LENGTH: 1081 words


An article by Nurkanbek Kerimbayev discusses Kyrgyzstan's relations with three
superpowers - Russia, the USA and China, and concludes that the country should
keep good relations with all of them. The following is an excerpt of the
article, published by the Kyrgyz newspaper Agym on 26 December 2008; subheads as
published:

In the previous issue of our newspaper, we discussed foreign relations of our
country, Kyrgyz-Russian relations. In this issue we will discuss the future of
diplomatic relations with two whales - the USA and China. We will also discuss
the influence of each of the three great powers on the "island of democracy"
[Kyrgyzstan].

What does the USA strive for?

When Kyrgyzstan gained independence, it opened its embassy first in the USA.
Speaking more precisely, we have been developing relations with the overseas
country for 17 years. What do we need the USA for? Do we have a great interest
in it or on the contrary? Let us quote MP Bakyt Beshimov as an answer to these
questions.

"I think that our relations with the USA are promising. First, the USA is the
major centre of spreading democracy and freedom," he said. "I see the future of
our country in democracy and freedom (the opinion of the MP was published in the
previous issue of our newspaper)."

On the one hand, Beshimov's view seems reasonable. However, it is not correct to
say that the USA is an entirely ideal state. Especially as it is trying to
meddle into our internal affairs and implement its ideology - reducing the
influence of Russia in Kyrgyzstan. For instance, about 2,000 NGOs are actively
working in our country, including the "Citizens against Corruption", Kylym Shamy
legal centre, "For Democracy and Civil Society" coalition, the international
Interbilim centre, which meddle into the country's internal policy.

[Passage omitted: the USA meddled into the situation in Georgia and Ukraine]

Let Ganci [US military air base] leave!

This motto has been continuously used since the March events [revolution on 24
March 2005]. However, it is doubtful that this initiative will be implemented
(at a summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in Astana on 5 June 2005,
a presidential candidate and acting prime minister, Kurmanbek Bakiyev [at that
time], promised to send Ganci out of the country. However, it was never done
so). Whenever the influence (control) of a major power emerges, it will remain
for 15-20 years. Do you need proofs? Let us briefly discuss some of them.

The new US president-elect, Barack Obama, said that strengthening the
anti-terror coalition in Afghanistan was a vital necessity. This fact alone
means that the Kyrgyz authorities should forget about the withdrawal of the US
military air base from Kyrgyzstan. Of course, if they do not want to spoil their
relations with the USA. There is no other way. Let this be first.

Second, Kyrgyzstan cooperates with organizations like the UN, the World Bank,
the IMF, the OSCE, the EBRD. It is known that these organizations are under
direct control of the USA. And Kyrgyzstan's foreign debt worth 2bn dollars makes
us dependent on them. It is unknown when the "island of democracy" will pay off
its debts. At the same time, the Millennium Challenge Programme might further
improve US-Kyrgyz cooperation.

Dragon, pretending not to care

We mentioned in the beginning of the article that Kyrgyzstan is the only country
which hosts military bases of two superpowers at the same time. But why do we
not have a military base of the third "whale" - China? The reason is simple, the
great country chose the economic way of diplomatic relations not only with
Kyrgyzstan but also with all other countries of the world.

[Passage omitted: China's policy is peaceful]

The "new era" of diplomatic relations between Kyrgyzstan and China started in
2003. Before that time, the influence of the Chinese economy in the internal
market was not noticed so much. For instance, according to information from the
Economic Development and Trade Ministry, the trade between Kyrgyzstan and China
in 1992-2003 was about 30-96bn dollars. In the recent five years, there was a
ten-fold increase in the turnout (according to information from the Chinese
Trade Ministry). The trade and economic counsellor of the Chinese embassy, Lu
Chuanwu [name transliterated] said in an interview to the Delovoy Kyrgyzstan
newspaper that the trade between the countries this year reached 6bn dollars. If
you calculate this, the figure doubled compared with the previous year. These
are the results of one year alone. It would be right to conclude that the
economic influence of the great power in Kyrgyzstan will keep growing day by
day. Just to mention, the trade between Kyrgyzstan and Russia in 2007 was 1.2bn
dollars (2.5 times less than with China).

[Passage omitted: on the trade between China and other states]

If you chase two hares you catch neither

The Kyrgyz nation proved long ago that this proverb is not true. We cooperate
with not one but three great powers. All three of them are very interested in
us. For this reason, Kyrgyzstan should be careful with its foreign relations.
The influence of Russia, which hosts our compatriots living abroad, and the
West, particularly the USA, which is putting heavy burden of the debt worth 2bn
dollars on our necks, will last for at least 20 years. And I personally think
that we will not lose anything from developing our relations with China, but
will only gain advantages. Because, as a Russian diplomat, V.F. Petrovskiy,
said, political games in the 21st century are based on economic interests.
Development and the future of Kyrgyzstan should base on the same economic
interests.

In total, on 21 May 2008 there were 11,035 NGOs officially registered in
Kyrgyzstan. This is up by 1,435 NGOs than it was on 30 September 2005.

Russia will give a credit worth 2bn dollars to Kyrgyzstan. A total of 300m of
them will be spent on strengthening the country's budget and the rest will be
spent on large-scale investment projects.

There are the following Western, particularly, US organizations in Kyrgyzstan:
the Democracy Institution, the International Republican Institute, the USAID,
the Freedom House, the Internews Network and the Soros Foundation.

About 100 Kyrgyz students study in Beijing. Twenty of them received state
scholarships. Previously, there used to be only ten scholarships for Kyrgyz
students to study at well-known Chinese universities and this number doubled in
2006.

Source: Agym, Bishkek, in Kyrgyz 26 Dec 08

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 10, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

Gwinnett Poll;
 Gwinnett poll: Control the growth;
 In a county best known for go-go development, an anti-sprawl backlash brews.

BYLINE: Stacy Shelton, Don Fernandez, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2116 words

Jimmy Spinks toiled for months and spent more than $ 20,000 constructing a
homespun paradise in his back yard.

The retired police officer thought a wooden deck and landscaped back yard
overlooking trees and pasture near Suwanee in northern Gwinnett would be the
perfect site for solitude and sunsets.

It was --- for six months.

Now Spinks and his wife look out at bulldozers, gas pumps and a drugstore. All
16 acres, including a fishing pond, are primed for pavement. Floodlights from
the Circle K and Eckerd's invade their bedroom at night.

Spinks, 50, said the backyard oasis "was our pride and joy until this.  . . . It
was devastating."

Their plight has become common in Gwinnett, a national symbol for suburban
sprawl. But residents may have had enough.

A new poll of Gwinnett residents conducted by The Atlanta Journal- Constitution
found that 56 percent now want restrictions on growth in a county that once
openly embraced it.

Weary of some of metro Atlanta's worst traffic and fearful that development is
taking over, many respondents are concerned about the future. The poll of 504
Gwinnett residents in August also found:

Nearly two-thirds are dissatisfied with the county's efforts to preserve trees
and parkland.

The largest majority of residents felt developers had the strongest influence
over growth, even more than county commissioners. Homeowners associations were
seen as having the least influence.

They are split on whether their quality of life has improved or declined over
the past five years, but they are pessimistic about the next five.

Nearly half think traffic is the county's biggest problem.

The bright spot was the county's public schools. Slightly more than three-
quarters of respondents said Gwinnett's are better than the rest of metro
Atlanta's.

Residents who want growth tamed are vehement. Large majorities favored stricter
building codes, even if it drives developers out of the county. They also
favored severe restrictions on retail, commercial, subdivision and apartment
construction.

Forty-one percent countered that growth is good for the economy.

Still, in a county best known for go-go development, the tide may be turning.
The poll reflects potential for an anti-growth backlash, adding Gwinnett to a
list of other metro Atlanta counties where residents have revolted at the ballot
box. Some observers say growth will be the top issue in Gwinnett's elections in
2000. And 42 percent of poll respondents said the county doesn't care much, if
at all, about what average folks think.

For Spinks and his wife, it's not just the Kroger going up across the street ---
the fourth supermarket within 2 miles of their $ 140,000 home. During the 14
years they have lived there, subdivisions with hundreds of homes have popped up
in each direction, along with the requisite strip malls offering pizza, videos
and dry cleaning.

"Growth is fine," Spinks said, "as long as it doesn't affect you."

Suburbia takes shape

It may be hard to believe for all the newcomers who have streamed into Gwinnett
in recent years, but the county was decidedly rural not so long ago.

The transformation began in the 1970s, when leaders built the first water and
sewer system for the county of 75,000 residents and began courting
manufacturers.

Soon Gwinnett was a haven for industrial parks and warehouses clustered near
I-85. In the 1980s, suburbia took shape. Affordable housing lured Atlanta
workers past the Perimeter, and the county's first mall was built on Pleasant
Hill Road near Duluth to serve them.

Suddenly, Gwinnett was the fastest-growing county in the United States. And it
remains one of metro Atlanta's steadiest growth engines, rounding out with
upscale homes, high-end retail and corporate offices. Last year, the county set
building records for homes and businesses, and counted more home sales than any
other metro county.

Gwinnett adds more than 20,000 men, women and children a year, keeping it among
the nation's growth leaders spanning two decades. Its population of more than
500,000 ranks 104th out of 3,066 U.S. counties. In 1980 it ranked 255th.

Nearly one-fifth of Gwinnett's population is enrolled in the public schools, the
state's largest county system. It's an area where Gwinnett has trouble keeping
up with the newcomers, with students housed in more than 600 portable trailers
scattered among the campuses.

And here's a scary fact for Gwinnett's growing anti-growth crowd: Nearly half of
the county is still ripe for development, lined with open land, farms and large
estates. Forecasters say the county could double its population to 1 million by
2050.

For natives, Gwinnett's changes have come at whiplash speed.

When Cindy Jacenty was growing up in Norcross in the 1960s, her family drove to
Buckhead to shop for groceries. When suburban sprawl hit, she and her husband
moved to a dirt road near the Walton County line. But it may not be far enough.
A 120-home subdivision is being built a mile away in the middle of rolling
farmland.

"There aren't that many rural areas and once they're gone, they're gone," said
Jacenty, 44. "People move out here because they say they want country, but then
very quickly they say they want McDonald's, the dry cleaners, the 7- Elevens . .
."

But her concerns pale compared to most Gwinnett residents, who face one of the
worst commutes in metro Atlanta.

Nearly half the poll respondents --- 49 percent --- said traffic is the one area
that desperately needs improvement for Gwinnett to have healthy growth. In an
AJC poll last spring, 30 percent of metro Atlanta respondents said the same
thing.

Perched in her seat as a county school bus driver, Karen Rasmussen views the
congestion with disgust.

"There's not enough lanes to carry all the cars," said Rasmussen, who moved to
Lawrenceville from suburban New York three years ago. "It's infuriating."

Many Gwinnett residents just wake up earlier to avoid the stop-and-go
frustration. Of those polled, 40 percent said they're backing out of their
driveway by 7 a.m. to get to work, compared to 32 percent metrowide.

Dueling with developers

The wildfire growth and traffic congestion have ignited folks who are fed up.
Apathy is slowly eroding as neighborhood groups band together to duel with
developers.

Lance Hatfield was 4 years old when he moved to Gwinnett in 1970, to then- quiet
Jimmy Carter Boulevard. Slowly, he watched the county ripen past his
expectations --- and comfort level.

"I used to think it was a neat thing," he said. "But developers keep putting
stuff out here whether it's needed or not."

His spark was a zoning notice he spotted a month ago in an empty lot: A
congested area off Lawrenceville Highway near his subdivision was being readied
for 207 apartments. Accidents are common nearby, he said, and the roads can
barely handle the growing horde of commuters.

The neighborhood had no homeowners association and was filled with families who
mostly kept to themselves. Now they've formed a neighborhood group.

"Everybody's concerned," Hatfield said. "We got together and passed fliers out.
Shortly after, we had our first neighborhood meeting with 100 people."

The group packed two public hearings and argued against the project. Now they're
working with the developer to keep apartments out and bring in businesses
amenable to each side. Typically, commissioners encourage developers and
residents to cut deals and compromise before the rezoning meeting.

"We're holding our breath to see what happens," Hatfield said.

If a backlash is brewing, it has been unfocused. Three years ago, county leaders
and residents had vigorous debates over whether Gwinnett could support a second
mall.

A year before the Mall of Georgia near Buford made its debut this August as the
state's biggest shopping center, plans were announced for a third mall.
Sugarloaf Mills, a huge outlet center to be located on Sugarloaf Parkway, midway
between Gwinnett Place mall and the Mall of Georgia on I-85, quickly won
government approvals with little opposition from residents.

Ready to revolt?

Experts say anti-growth sentiment could threaten the way Gwinnett has operated
for decades. The political mind-set that enabled the county to quadruple its
population in 20 years may now be a liability.

It happened last year in Cherokee County, where newcomers and slow-growth
advocates seized control of the County Commission by ousting two developer-
friendly incumbents. In Fulton County, a neighborhood activist used an anti-
sprawl message to defeat 30-year incumbent Mayor W.L. "Pug" Mabry in Roswell two
years ago.

Some people think the next revolt will be in Gwinnett.

"The commissioners are totally out of touch with the mood of the people in the
county and I think their political epitaphs are being written --- and they'll be
the last to know," said Bill McKinney, a longtime Snellville campaign
strategist.

Last year, write-in candidate Allan Gathercoal received surprisingly strong
support --- 6,777 votes --- in a losing effort against Norcross-area
Commissioner Patti Muise, who many homeowners felt was aligned with development
interests.

Many county leaders with the power to approve new projects are connected to real
estate interests.

For instance, the family of Commissioner Kevin Kenerly owns a real estate
brokerage firm. Commissioner Judy Waters, along with her husband, owns a
property management company and a bulk paper company. The wife of Commissioner
Tommy Hughes owned land near the Mall of Georgia, which caused him to abstain
from voting to approve that project two years ago. Muise works as a real estate
attorney.  "It's incredibly frustrating for us because we work so hard to do
what's best for the community and to have our efforts dismissed as being in
somebody's pocket is pretty insulting," said Muise, who says she probably loses
business by being a commissioner because developers often don't get what they
want.

Mark Rountree, a Duluth political consultant who has worked for Hughes, noted
that commissioners got a 49 percent approval rating in the poll, much higher
than the 34 percent DeKalb commissioners received in his firm's recent survey.

"People, according to this, see that there are competing interests, and the
county commissioners are trying," he said.

Still, 41 percent of poll respondents want to keep Gwinnett growing. After all,
growth is what brought a four-year college outside Lawrenceville, more than
12,000 new jobs every year, high-tech businesses, rising property values and a
highly rated public school system.

Commission Chairman Wayne Hill, who often serves as a lightning rod for sprawl
opponents, believes growth has been Gwinnett's salvation.

Hill grew up in Sugar Hill when outhouses were in use, and he witnessed the
county's amazing transition as it was yanked out of its rural doldrums and into
prosperity. His cabinet shop thrived as well, reaching sales of $ 2 million a
year.

And there are many such success stories in Gwinnett, thanks to the county's
growth.

John Howard's father opened Howard Brothers hardware near Norcross in 1972, back
when young John hunted rabbits where Gwinnett Place mall now stands.

A new Howard Brothers store in Duluth was christened in 1987 and the enterprise
--- run by John and his brother, Doug --- thrives amid the powerful Home Depots.

"We've been blessed to grow," John said. "I don't know where we'd be without it.
I'd rather be in Gwinnett than anywhere."

But the growth frustrates him at times as well.

"I get aggravated by the traffic too," he said, "but that's why I am where I
am."

Spreading like kudzu

There are no easy solutions to the growth headaches, of course.

Lynne Johnson, who lives near where Ga. 316 breaks off of I-85, is giving up.

"I'm not sure whether I'll end up in Gwinnett County or not, I don't know," she
said. "I know I don't want to live here anymore."

Johnson, who has lived in Gwinnett since 1985, doesn't know how to fix the
problems that are driving her off.

"But somebody's got to have a picture of something that's a lot prettier than
boxes on the corners and strip malls and no trees," she said.

In the meantime, the growth will continue. It has already taken a shine beyond
Gwinnett's borders. Spilling north into Hall County, spurred by the Mall of
Georgia, development has begun to blossom as it did in Gwinnett two decades ago.

Howard saw it coming: He just opened a new venture selling outdoor power
equipment in south Hall.

"You see what happens to places that haven't changed," Howard said. "It's not
for everybody. That's why we have Montana."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
MOVING IN AND OUT
In 1998, nearly 47,000 people moved..to Gwinnett County. Here are the Top 5
metro areas where they came from:*
1. Metro Atlanta........21,914
2. New York................862
3. Chicago...... ........ 623
4. Washington..............515
5. Fort Lauderdale, Fla... 474
In 1998, nearly 34,000 Gwinnett residents moved out of the county. Here are
their Top 5 choices for new homes:*
1. Metro Atlanta........16,254
2. Gary, Ind...............489
3. Tampa-St. Petersburg... 409
4. Dallas....... ..........350
5. Gadsden, Ala.......... 341
*These..figures are reported from the Internal Revenue Service, based on
taxpayer filings.
Graphic
TOWN MEETING
Want to talk about Gwinnett's growth, traffic, business or schools with a panel
of county leaders?
A town meeting, sponsored by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, is scheduled Oct.
18. The public will have an opportunity to question panelists, who will discuss
their ideas on the future of growth in Gwinnett. The 7-8:30 p.m. event will be
held at the Atlanta Marriott Gwinnett Place, 1775 Pleasant Hill Road.
Want to offer feedback on the Gwinnett Poll results? Readers' comments will be
published in future Gwinnett sections. Contact us:
E-mail: sshelton@ajc.com.
U.S. mail: Poll Feedback, Journal-Constitution Gwinnett Bureau, 6455 Best Friend
Road, Norcross, GA 30071
Fax: 770-263-3011
The AJC's Gwinnett poll coverage continues in Monday's Horizon. Despite the
county's traffic woes, Gwinnett residents don't see their upcoming public bus
system as a panacea for the problems.

ajc.com
Our Web site includes an interactive poll and an e-mail discussion forum on
development in Gwinnett.
Additional copies of this story are available for $ 5 through the newspaper's
Stacks Information Service, at 404-526-5668. The complete report, much of which
will be published in the Gwinnett community edition, is available for $ 15.
Graphic
MAJORITY WANTS RESTRICTED GROWTH
Q: Gwinnett County has been a national leader in its rate of growth for more
than 10 years. Which of the following statements comes closer to your opinion?
1. Growth creates traffic and congestion problems and should be restricted. 2.
Growth is a good thing for the county's economy and should continue.

Restrict growth: 56%
Continue growth: 41%
No opinion: 3%

Source: The 1999 poll of 504 Gwinnett County adults was conducted Aug. 26- 30 by
The Marketing Workshop for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The margin of
sampling error is plus or minus 4.3 percentage points.
/ MICHELLE MACK / Staff
Graphic
RESTRICTING GROWTH
Here's how residents
would cut back . . .

Do you favor or oppose these measures to limit growth?  (Asked only of those who
sought growth restrictions.)
> 87% favor making building codes stricter even if that drives some developers
out of the county.

And strong majorities favored immediate two-year bans on:
Apartment-building construction: 80%
Retail and other commercial construction: 73%
Subdivision development: 66%

Here's how they think decisions are made . . .
How much influence does each of these groups and organizations have over growth
and development in Gwinnett County?

Land developers have a lot of influence: 73%
Gwinnett County commissioners have a lot of influence: 55%
The Georgia Department of Transportation has a lot of influence: 32%
Homeowners associations in Gwinnett County have a lot of influence: 16%

Source: The 1999 poll of 504 Gwinnett County adults was conducted Aug. 26-30 by
The Marketing Workshop for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The margin of
sampling error is plus or minus 4.3 percentage points.
/ MICHELLE MACK / Staff
Graphic
HOME SALES BOOMING
Gwinnett County home sales led the metro area in 1998. By looking at an overview
of large new subdivisions countywide, current growth patterns emerge.

County........Homes sold
Gwinnett....... 3,219
Cobb........... 2,702
DeKalb......... 1,249
N. Fulton........1, 210
Forsyth..........1,035
Cherokee......... 849
Henry..............517
 Clayton............375
Hall............. 270
Fayette............173
 Newton..............83
Douglas........... 79
Coweta..............34
 Graphic shows location of the following
Suwanee
Norcross
Lawrenceville
 Gwinnett Place mall
Mall of Georgia

Graphic legend:
Average sales price
 Black dot: Less than $ 150,000
White dot: $ 150,000 and higher
Source: Smart Numbers
/ DALE E. DODSON / Staff
Photo
Unwelcome view: Jimmy and Linda Spinks used to enjoy their view of trees and
pasture in northern Gwinnett County. Now they look out at bulldozers, gas pumps
and a drug store. And a Kroger supermarket is being built across the street. /
BOBBY ABRAHAMSON  / Special

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 9, 2012 Tuesday

Pianist Danilo Pérez takes jazz international

BYLINE: By Andrew Gilbert Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment; Nightlife; Music

LENGTH: 831 words


You can take the pianist out of Panama, but taking Panama out of Danilo Pérez is
another matter entirely.

While he's lived more than half his life in the United States, the 46-year-old
jazz master remains deeply tied to his homeland, a young nation with a long
history of absorbing cultural currents from near and far. Growing up near the
Canal Zone, he "listened to tango, reggae, salsa, samba, jazz and Spanish
music," says Pérez, who serves as Panama's goodwill ambassador to UNICEF.

"It was a huge cultural buffet, which is the direction I feel the world is
heading now," he says.

The steadily increasing global influence of the U.S. jazz scene over the past
two decades stems partly from Pérez's pervasive influence. As a professor first
at New England Conservatory and now Berklee College of Music, where he leads an
innovative new program called the Berklee Global Jazz Institute, he's encouraged
recently arrived musicians to explore their own musical heritage as well as the
jazz tradition.

Cultural influences

Pérez practices what he preaches. As a recording artist, the pianist has crafted
a Pan-American sound that embraces Brazil, Spain, India, the Middle East and
beyond, while often referencing Afro-Caribbean rhythms. He has earned
international attention as a founding member of saxophonist Wayne Shorter's
acclaimed quartet with bassist John Patitucci and drummer Brian Blade. Since
sparking Shorter's creative resurgence in 2000, the composer's band has set a
daunting standard for volatile group exploration, but it's as a leader that
pianist Perez is at his most unfettered. He performs with his longtime trio,
featuring bassist Ben Street and drummer Adam Cruz, at the San Francisco
Conservatory of Music on Sunday and at Santa Cruz's Kuumbwa Jazz Center on
Monday.

Cruz was a teenager making his recording debut on a session by Latin jazz
trumpeter Charlie Sepulveda, "The New Arrival," when he first performed with
Pérez in 1991. They started working together regularly, but after a few years
the drummer's career took off with a series of high-profile gigs, including
Chick Corea's Origin, the Mingus Big Band and saxophonist David Sanchez's
quintet.

The close friends came back together in 2000, when Pérez launched his ambitious
Motherland project, which also featured the rising Santa Cruz-raised tenor
saxophonist Donny McCaslin. By 2002, Pérez started turning his attention to a
trio, and Cruz encouraged him to check out Street. The three have worked ever
since.

Cruz feels the trio's roiling energy partly reflects Pérez's concurrent
experience performing with Shorter. Inhabiting a rarefied spot in the jazz
composer pantheon alongside Duke Ellington and Thelonious Monk, the saxophonist
has created an ingenious body of compositions over the past half-century,
writing for Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers, the Miles Davis Quintet, Weather
Report and his own classic albums for Blue Note.

"In the trio, I do feel the presence of Wayne," says Cruz, 40. "And playing with
Wayne, I think Danilo and the guys feel Miles. There's a way that Danilo is part
of that continuum. After playing with Motherland, I noticed the shift, certain
ways he was challenging me that came from the experience of Wayne's quartet.
Danilo was looking to break down forms we might have normally adhered to, in a
pretty radical way."

In explaining their connection, all three members of the trio cite their close
bonds offstage, often using words like "family." Their own family backgrounds
were very different, though all grew up immersed in music.

Raised on jazz

Born and raised in New York City, Cruz was exposed to salsa and jazz by his
Nuyorican father, a professional Latin percussionist. Street grew up in Maine,
the middle child of 10 siblings cut off from popular culture via television and
radio. Music was practically the only diversion permitted by his father, a
Pentecostal minister who also works as a saxophonist and horn repairer. Pérez's
father is an academic who created a pedagogic theory that weaves music through
grade school curricula, a plan he put into action with his son.

Pérez views music as far more than an aesthetic pursuit, linking his art to a
larger vision, with music a vehicle for transformation, both for individual
artists and for communities desperate for access to education. In 2003, he
launched the Panama Jazz Festival, an event in January that brings leading jazz
musicians to Panama City for performances and clinics for underprivileged
students.

"I'm very interested in the social power of music," he says. "Ben and Adam are
very caring about what's happening in the world, and we're always talking about
stuff beyond music. We all see each other growing and being students of this art
form."

w

Danilo Pérez Trio

When: 7 p.m. Sunday
Where: San Francisco Conservatory of Music, 50 Oak St., San Francisco
Tickets: $25-$40, 866-920-5299,www.sfjazz.com
Also: 7 p.m. Monday, Kuumbwa Jazz Center,
320 Cedar St., Santa Cruz, $22-$25, (831) 427-2227,www.kuumbwajazz.org .

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Danilo Perez brings his jazz to the SF Conservatory of Music and the
Kuumbwa Jazz Center on Oct. 14-15. Courtesy: Kuumbwa Jazz Center

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 5, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 869 words


<b>POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE</b>

Lisa Rogers reported Wednesday the $750 theft of a bicycle from her home on the
2700 block of North Howard Street.

Breiana Cawley reported Wednesday the $1,360 theft of a purse and cash from a
2009 Kia Rio parked on the 1200 block of East Garden Avenue.

Therese Hahn reported Wednesday the $1,049 theft of clothing, horse tack,
suitcase, tools, compact discs, flashlight and medication and $130 damage to the
door of her vehicle parked at Wholesale Sports, 3534 N. Government Way.

<b>KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF</b>

Kathryn Thrasher, Hayden, reported Wednesday the $1,050 theft of a stereo system
from her home on the 1100 block of West Leisure Drive.

Curtis Clark, Dalton Gardens, reported Wednesday the $325 theft of a cellphone
and passport from his 2000 Mercury Mountaineer parked at his home on the 7800
block of North 15th Street.

Rosalie Davis, Worley, reported Wednesday $1,500 damage to dock pilings at her
home on the 2400 block of West Cliffdwellers Drive.

Joe Blaylock, Spokane Valley, reported Wednesday the $6,640 theft of fishing
gear from his 1985 Bayliner boat at Meadows at Dry Creek Storage, 25989 S.
Drechsel Road near Worley.

<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE JAMES STOW</b>

Brandon A. Boone, 21, Gresham, Ore.; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180
days in jail (178 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Timothy D. Petersen, 48, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (168 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 90
days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Larry J. Freeman, 65, Grants Pass, Ore.; driving under the influence; $800 fine,
180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 20 hours community service, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Karen Q. Martinez, 51, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (120 days suspended) or 72 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Allen D. Kiel, 43, Hayden Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (168 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Tonna M. Minegar, 38, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $150 fine, six
days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 30 days driver's license
suspension.

<b>JUDGE ROBERT BURTON</b>

David R. Kern, 61, Oregon City, Ore.; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
15 days in jail, 45 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license
suspension.

Jennifer A. Stephens, 27, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 30
days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Jacob K. Phelps, 26, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 10 days in
jail or 80 hours county work program, 30 days unscheduled jail time.

Tamara A. Fick, 49, Chapel Hill, N.C.; driving under the influence (second
offense); $1,000 fine, one year in jail (354 days suspended) or 80 hours county
work program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

<b>JUDGE DON SWANSTROM</b>

Julio Landron, 52, Post Falls; reckless driving; $600 fine, 90 days in jail (88
days suspended) or 24 hours community service, one year probation.

<b>CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

Citibank v. James Frischmon, seeking $7,423.

Harris Bank v. Jeff Willison, seeking $8,871.

Discover Bank v. Pamela Cannam, seeking $4,661.

GE Money Bank v. Robert Duhamel, seeking $7,928.

Wells Fargo Bank v. Timothy Carroll and Sara Carroll, seeking $53,930.

Raymond Oliver and Louise Oliver v. Nicole Kurshal and Crystal Huggins, seeking
an amount to be proved at trial.

<b>CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jaclyn Carmack, plaintiff awarded $6,308.

American Express Bank v. Henry Grafton, plaintiff awarded $9,364.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Keshia Martinson, plaintiff awarded $4,114.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Rushing and Deirdre Rushing, plaintiff awarded
$1,629.

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Joseph Michielli, plaintiff awarded $1,534.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jane Masten, plaintiff awarded $3,157.

<b>DIVORCES GRANTED</b>

Wendy S. Chaffee from Christopher R. Chaffee.

<b>BANKRUPTCIES</b>

Filings from July 20-21.

<b>Chapter 7</b> (liquidation petitions)

Jeffrey D. Balch, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $631,930.

Ron L. and Michelle Y. Goughnour, Hayden, debts of $52,449.

Lee E. Baggerly, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $247,023.

Lorrie D. and Jacob Miller, aka Lorrie Anderson, Sandpoint, debts of $84,095.

Branigan T. and Zebulon C. Mitchell, aka Branigan Carhart, Sandpoint, debts of
$160,576.

Lyle H. Chipperfield, fdba Chipperfield Construction, Kellogg, debts of
$119,793.

Denise M. Hodges, fka Denise M. Reiswig, fka Denise M. Morgan, Rathdrum, debts
unspecified.

Nelson D. and Karen A. Campbell, Post Falls, debts unspecified.

Laurel L. Stapleton, Hayden, debts of $36,445.

<b>Chapter 13</b> (wage-earner petitions)

Byron D. and Debbie L. Bradley, Rathdrum, debts of $ 187,088.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

Red Butte Garden opens with 'melding of influences'

BYLINE: By David Burger The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: FRIDAY MIX; Entertainment; Features

LENGTH: 529 words


The solstice isn't until June 21, but you know it's summer when the outdoor
concert season opens at Red Butte Garden.

After a late start last year because of the multimillion-dollar renovation to
the venue, this year's series opens with Neko Case headlining and Joey & John of
Calexico opening May 31.

Case is a 38-year-old singer-songwriter who has found success with the group The
New Pornographers and on her own; in March, her latest and fifth studio album,
"Middle Cyclone," debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard album chart after the singer
scored attention with lengthy profiles in the New Yorker and The New York Times
Magazine. "Though frequently labeled as alt-country or Americana, Case generally
eludes categorization," an Associated Press writer opined earlier this year.
"She is widely admired for her powerful, full voice that ... can sound like
siren and Greek chorus rolled into one."

But the honor of being the first act to take the stage at Red Butte Garden this
summer is Joey & John of Calexico, otherwise known as singer/guitarist Joey
Burns and drummer John Convertino. Calexico is a six-piece band based in Tucson,
but Burns and Convertino will be opening for Case as a duo. "It's back to
basics," said Burns.

The partnership between Burns and Convertino began when both were in a
California band called Giant Sand. When one of the Giant Sand band members moved
to Tucson as a way to raise a child (Convertino's goddaughter), Convertino and
Burns moved, too. Once Giant Sand broke up, Burns and Convertino created
Calexico on the side while doing session work for other musicians.

Calexico, Calif., is a border town, and despite being gringos and never having
spent any time in the town, the name seemed to fit. "The melding of influences
was important in choosing a name," Burns said.

The meld of influences came from just being in Arizona, Convertino said. Once
the indie band left Los Angeles -- where the strong Latino culture seeped into
the members' consciousness -- the band found other Latin American influences in
Tucson. Those influences led Burns and Convertino to blend rock, country and
Tejano music into a potent blend that has become their trademark and helped them
to become the town's favorite adopted musical sons.

Burns stressed that the band is not a Tejano or Tex-Mex band, but that like
Case, who recently moved away from Tucson, it resists easy categorization. After
all, accordions, horns and violin perk up the band's songs, most notably on
2000's "Hot Rail." Calexico's latest album, "Carried to Dust," released in
September, was a more atmospheric effort, with the subtle addition of jazz
loosening up its folk-country backbone.

The two have been friends of Case's for a decade, ever since they bumped into
each other at a South by Southwest showcase. They have been big supporters of
Case before her ascent to relative stardom. Convertino doesn't even mind, he
said, that Case used to open for them. Neko Case

When » May 31 at 7 p.m.

Where » Red Butte Garden, 300 Wakara Way, Salt Lake City

Tickets » $25 for garden members, $30 for others, $20 for children, at
www.redbuttegarden.org or 801-585-0556

Opening Act » Joey & John of Calexico

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joey Burns and John Convertino are opening for Neko Case at Red Butte
Garden's first show of the season.
Neko Case performs at Red Butte Garden Sunday.
Neko Case performs at Red Butte Garden Sunday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

Why The Southwest Is The New Capital Of Influence

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: Tucson


The University of Arizona has issued the following news release:

Everyone knows that the Southwest is warm this time of year, but today the
region is hot. Its time has finally come. Millions of Hispanic-American families
(whose ethnic/racial group makes up 17 percent of the U.S. population) are
putting down roots there, and Latin millennials are putting Latin flair into its
cities, places and spaces.

To get specific, the new American centers of gravity are California and Texas.
It's not simply because they have the two largest populations, with just over 38
million people in California and 26 million-plus in Texas. And it's not because
of Hollywood or Dallas, Silicon Valley or even the constantly trending #SXSW.

Those two states, as well as Arizona and New Mexico, are the new capitals of
influence. They're not just border states (although that's an important factor);
they're also a frontier between the America that we were and the America we're
rapidly becoming. Some 52 million Americans today identify as Hispanic, and
50,000 of them will turn 18 each month for the next two decades. These
millennials have real clout, both for their spending power now and for their
ability to influence what comes next. Marketers especially should start paying
attention.

We undertook a study of 804 Hispanic and non-Hispanic Americans ages 18 to 34 in
Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas earlier this year. Among other
questions, we asked them which cities in the Southwest will be the best places
for their generation. Their answers were illuminating and based on where they
currently live, where they had gone to college or would like to go, the media,
and their friends and families. (These were open-ended queries, by the way, so
it's not as if we supplied our list and asked them to prioritize their "where.")
We all need to be keeping an eye on these cities as we think about where
#nextgen will flourish. (Three commonalities: They are ethnic, affordable and
youthful, including college towns as one anchor.)

For more information please visit: http://www.arizona.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Mets, Yankees star hurler Gooden in accident

BYLINE: Sports Network

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Former New York Mets and Yankees pitcher Dwight Gooden was reportedly arrested
for driving under the influence following an automobile accident in New Jersey
on Wednesday morning.

According to a police press release provided to The Star-Ledger in Newark,
Gooden was involved in a two-vehicle accident around 8:50 a.m. in his own
hometown of Franklin Lakes.

After police investigated, the 45-year-old Gooden was charged with being under
the influence of a controlled dangerous substance, endangering the welfare of a
child, driving while under the influence of drugs, leaving the scene of a motor
vehicle accident and reckless driving, among other charges.

The release said Gooden, who has had a history of drug problems and spent time
in jail for drug use, was released on his own recognizance.

Gooden, who pitched 16 seasons in the majors and was suspended by MLB twice for
testing positive to drugs, retired from the game in 2001 after starting his
career with the Mets.

He won NL Rookie of the Year honors in 1984 and won the Cy Young Award the
following season at the age of 20, becoming the youngest player ever to take the
honour.

Gooden played 11 seasons with the Mets before also spending some time with the
Yankees, Cleveland, Houston and Tampa Bay.

Over his career, Gooden managed to fashion a 194-112 record with a 3.51 ERA and
2,293 strikeouts.

The hard-throwing righthander tossed a no-hitter for the Yankees against Seattle
on May 14, 1996.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 27, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 439 words


Bonner County

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Michael W. Barton - 48, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/issuing an
insufficient funds check, $3,000 bond.

Kelly A. Blakley - 36, Sagle, failure to appear/criminal solicitation,
possession of methamphetamine, $30,000 bond.

Derek C. A. Brown - 20, Sandpoint, burglary, $10,000 bond.

David P. Burdick - 51, Dover, failure to appear/forgery, issuing an insufficient
funds check, $12,000 bond.

James C. Chandler - 35, Cincinnati, Ohio, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, possession of a controlled substance, $21,180.

Misdemeanors

Larry W. Beeton - 36, Colburn, failure to appear/driving under the influence
(second offense), driver's license violation, $5,141 bond.

Mary F. Bradshaw - 45, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

James L. Brock - 31, Hope, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, driving under the influence, $10,000 bond.

James T. Brown - 50, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $2,000 bond.

Leah N. Brown - 31, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, two days in jail.

Shane T. Brown - 36, Sandpoint, failure to purchase a driver's license, $500
bond.

Nicholas J. Burmeister - 23, Pinehurst, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Joanne M. Cain - 55, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence
(excessive), $2,500 bond.

Timothy R. Camacho - 25, Collins, Colo., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $890.

Ryan A. Campbell - 24, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
two days in jail.

Seth A. Campbell - 21, Perkiomenville, Pa., driving without privileges, $2,000
bond.

Anthony J. P. Carty - 26, Sandpoint, failure to appear/domestic battery (two
counts), $10,000 bond.

Roy D. Chain - 50, Spokane, failure to comply/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $142 bond.

Robert F. Krizenesky - 27, Everson, Wash., failure to comply/disturbing the
peace, $2,000 bond.

Joann C. Nettleingham - 31, Elmira, failure to comply/driving without privileges
(third offense), possession of a controlled substance, $2,400 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              June 11, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O16

LENGTH: 577 words


James Darick Whiteley, 28, of the 100 block of Rapids Court in North Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence April 5, 2006, and was fined $810.

Troy Michael Smith, 41, of the 4400 block of Hickory Drive in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence Nov. 11, 2005, and was fined $1,224.

Tabatha Leann Taylor, 26, of the 100 block of West Lynne Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 26, 2006, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $860.

Eddie Lee Germany Jr., 24, of the 900 block of Robert Moore Road in Harlem, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 8, 2006, and was fined $1,274.

Tony Brooks Horne, 28, of the 400 block of Old Evans Road in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence Feb. 4, 2006, and was sentenced to 12 months'
probation and was fined $810.

Frank Xavier Farris III, 44, of the 4400 block of Oak Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 28, 2006, and was fined $810.

Henry Illinois Mustipher, 31, of the 1000 block of Grayling Court in Fort
Gordon, was charged with driving under the influence March 11, 2006, and was
sentenced to 12 months' probation and was fined $835.

Daniel Edward Blalock, 21, of the 2500 block of Nunnery Road in Hephzibah, was
charged with driving under the influence May 2, 2006, and was sentenced to 30
days in jail.

Oceanna Pappillion, 33, of the 600 block of Thoroughbred Lane in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence Nov. 26, 2005, and was fined $810.

Richard Watson, 38, of the 100 block of Lakedale Drive in Salem, Ill., was
charged with driving under the influence April 11, 2006, and was fined $810.

Joshua Ian Eargle, 23, of the 4500 block of Waterford Drive in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence April 22, 2006, and was fined $810.

Darryl Lorenzo Johnson, 41, of the 1100 block of Fall Creek Lane in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence April 26, 2006, and was fined $810.

Nathaniel Payne, 35, of the 300 block of Lamplighter Lane in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence April 24, 2006, and was sentenced to 12
months' probation and was fined $810.

Felipe Tecpile Salas, 40, of the 2500 block of Center West Parkway in Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence May 7, 2006, and was sentenced to
270 days in jail.

Fabion Galion Hernandez, 23, of the 400 block of Beverly Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence May 5, 2006, and was sentenced to 180
days in jail.

Victor Itehua Salas, 22, of the 4000 block of Briarwood Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence May 14, 2006, and was sentenced to 180
days in jail.

David Allen Keller, 44, of the 300 block of Ridge Crossing in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence Feb. 9, 2006, and was fined $810.

Nymarko Delleante Adams, 33, of the 400 block of Beverly Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence April 17, 2006, and was fined $810.

Jose Perez Magana, 46, of the 4100 block of Stoney Street in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence April 24, 2006, and was fined $810.

Leo E. Thomas III, 34, of the 3900 block of Skinner Mill Road in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence April 14, 2006, and was fined $810.

Rodney Stewart Norwood, 32, of the 200 block of Riverbend Drive in Beech Island,
was charged with driving under the influence April 18, 2006, and was fined $835.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Rhode Island: RI State Police Arrest Thirteen Subjects for DWI During the Last
Week

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Department of Plantations, The state of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:



  Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police
and Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of our efforts to
continue to make our highways safer, members of the Rhode Island State Police
have arrested thirteen (13) subjects for Driving While Intoxicated covering the
period from Friday, March 11th through Friday, March 18, 2016.





 The following is a list of subjects, who were arrested for Driving while
Intoxicated:



 Michael Rodriguez, age 38, of 101 Nooseneck Hill Road, W. Greenwich, Rhode
Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 o Possession of Cocaine

 o Failure to Register as a Sex Offender

 o Driving Without a License



 Shannon Hazard, age 42, of 139 Julian Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.117/.110)



 Megan Kenney, age 30, of 6 Castle Street, E. Greenwich, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test (2nd Offense)



 Joseph Laroche, age 35, of 21 Westmore Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.131/.131)

 o Operating on a Suspended License



 Francisco Perez, age 59, of 210 Galego Court, Pawtucket, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Belmiro Rodrigues, age 46, of 20 Jackson Street, Brockton, Massachusetts

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Dorian Silva-Cervantes, age 28, of 15 Dexter Court, Pawtucket, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.180/.182)

 o Driving Without a License



 John Fontaine, age 52, of 58 Read Avenue, Coventry, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 o Operating on a Suspended License



 Gregorio Castro-Ortiz, age 35, of 206 Hanover Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (.178/.177)



 Cassidy Malloy, age 23, of 45 Fernbrook Drive, Cranston, Rhode Island

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Roland LaVallee, age 37, of 6 Joseph Rosenfeld Way, Bellingham, Massachusetts

 o Driving Under the Influence (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Sabina Sitek, age 55, of 22 North Main Street, East Hampton, Connecticut

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Travis Stone, age 27, of 32 Gardner Avenue, Swansea, Massachusetts

 o Driving Under the Influence - 1st Offense (BAC Unknown)

 o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 o Reckless Driving

 o Disorderly Conduct

 o Operating on a Suspended License



 Colonel O'Donnell states, "We have experienced a rash of fatal and serious
motor vehicle crashes in the past month and many of these were caused by
impaired operation. We will continue to place our resources on our roadways to
remove impaired operators before the hurt or kill themselves or other innocent
victims."



 Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 on your cell phone.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of BAZAARVOICE, INC. titled as "DETERMINING
INFLUENCE OF A PERSON BASED ON USER GENERATED CONTENT"

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130226656, on August 29, 2013, by BAZAARVOICE, INC., titled as "DETERMINING
INFLUENCE OF A PERSON BASED ON USER GENERATED CONTENT" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors: Sedota, JR.; Donald J.; (Charleston, SC) ; Friesenhahn; Dustin G.;
(Austin, TX) ; Sterne; Brendan; (Austin, TX)
Assignee: BAZAARVOICE, INC.
Austin
TX

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Techniques are disclosed relating to determining an influence rating for an
author of user-generated content (UGC) items. In one embodiment, a computer
system analyses consumer behavior of individuals viewing UGC items authored by a
particular person about one or more goods or services. Based on the analyzing,
the computer system determines an influence rating for the particular person
predictive of the particular person's ability to affect the consumer behavior of
subsequent viewers of UGC items authored by the particular person. In some
embodiments, the analyzing includes determining navigation actions performed by
individuals within websites that display UGC items of the particular person. In
some embodiments, the computer system also determines an expertise metric for
the person indicative of the person's expertise relative to a good or service,
and determines the influence rating based on the expertise metric."

The Patent was filed on February 18, 2013 under application No. 20130226656

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Editorial exposes paper's hypocrisy

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 203 words


On Jan. 22, The Augusta Chronicle ran an editorial titled "Now playing in
selected sewers." The editorial decried the adverse influence on behavior of
trashy shows and movies. The editorial is right. These things can influence
people toward the evil behaviors depicted and glorified.

However, after the horrific shootings in Tucson, Ariz., two weeks ago, the
editorial pages of The Chronicle bent over backward to deny a connection between
vitriolic and violent political speech and images and the actions of the
deranged shooter.

You can't have it both ways. You can't claim violent speech and images of a kind
whose intent you support cannot have any adverse influence on behavior, then
turn around and claim violent or pornographic speech and images whose intent you
oppose do adversely influence behavior.

Words and images matter. They do influence behavior. The whole
multibillion-dollar advertising industry is built on the knowledge of that fact.
So are the newspaper and magazine industries. So are the broadcast media. To
deny this is to deny human nature.

For a newspaper to deny it - as The Chronicle did regarding violent political
speech and images after the Tucson shootings - is hypocrisy.

Bill Collins

Aiken, S.C.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 24, 2006 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 432 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for information about the following people, identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at
(208) 446-1300.

FELONIES

Shelby V. Collinsworth - 24, Spokane, probation violation/possession of a
controlled substance, $25,000 bond.

Kodi T. Dehaba -  32, Coeur d'Alene, governor's warrant from Arizona, no bond.

Martin E. Hernandez - 54, Spokane, insufficient funds check fraud (nine counts),
$10,000 bond.

Jeremiah F. Johnson - 28, Sagle, insufficient funds check fraud, $5,000 bond.

John A. Koller -  49, Post Falls, forgery, $5,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Betina L. Bradbury - 23, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving under the influence
; $10,000 bond.

Charles R. Coleman - 49, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, open container, $2,000 bond and 10 days in
jail.

Linda K. Dreier -  27, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, $5,000 bond.

Cassandra J. Freeman - 45, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/resisting arrest,
$2,000 bond.

Robert W. Jones - 49, Coeur d'Alene, petty theft, failure to appear/providing
false information to law enforcement, battery, $2,500 bond and 40 days in jail.

Jessamon S. Kunz -  32, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $3,000 bond.

Michael S. Laroque -  34, Coeur d'Alene, driving while suspended, $2,000 bond.

Ronald B. Russell - 61, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $500 bond.

Marjorie R. Smith - 20, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while
suspended, $2,000 bond.

Christopher R. Stevenson - 23, Hauser Lake, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, $5,000 bond.

Jared F. Thomas - 23, Sagle, failure to appear/petty theft, five days in jail.

Paige M. Ursillo - 27, Hauser Lake, failure to appear/disturbing the peace, two
days in jail.

Robert D. Wright - 42, Rathdrum, domestic battery, failure to appear/violation
of a protection order (two counts), possession of marijuana, possession of
paraphernalia, $15,000 bond.

Carlos T. Zelaya - 43, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/invalid driver's
license, $4,000 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai County
courthouse and paying a  fine. The names of more wanted felons can be found on
the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Web site at co.kootenai.id.us/sheriff.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2014

J. Lowry Sinclair, counselor of life

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 390  words


J. Lowry Sinclair passed away Saturday, Feb. 22, 2014, while vacationing in
Cancun, Mexico.

Lowry was born in Franklin, Va., Dec. 26, 1942. He lived in both Philadelphia,
Pa. and Re-hoboth Beach. He graduated from Franklin High School and obtained his
bachelor's degree from Elon university, where he was class president. While
teaching high school social studies in Hampton, Va., Lowry received his master's
degree from Hampton University. He spent most of his professional career as a
guidance counselor at Philadelphia's Daniel Boone School, where he retired in
2000.

A counselor of life and mentor to many, he will be remembered for his
passionate, caring, and courageous soul. He was very proud of his association
with Elon University, where he created the J. Lowry Sinclair III Endowment to
support undergraduate research. His donation, the first of its kind at Elon,
supports undergraduate students exploring research projects in the area of
social or behavioral sciences, and particularly research associated with the
complex issues of sexual orientation. From the time he came out until his death,
Lowry was an advocate for equal rights and treatment for all, making him an
inspiration to countless others.

A guiding influence for many in the Pennsylvania and Delaware LGBT communities,
his humor, inspiration and influence will be sorely missed. His life's selfless
treatment of others, his positive influence on Philadelphia's youth throughout a
career as a public school counselor, and his most recent work helping others
deal with substance abuse, leaves behind a proud legacy.

Lowry was preceded in death by his parents, Jesse L. Sinclair Jr. and Willie
Rountree Sinclair. He is survived by his sister, Victoria Sinclair Cobb and her
husband, Colonel William P. Cobb, USAF (Ret), of Pompano Beach, Fla.; his niece,
Victoria Cobb Shamy and her husband, Adam, and great nieces Mackenzie and Zoe,
of Tallahassee, Fla.; and his nephew, William P. Cobb Jr., and his wife Pam and
great-niece, Marisa and great-nephew, Nicolas, of Bogota, Colombia.

A memorial service for Lowry will be held in Rehoboth Beach at CAMP Rehoboth, 37
Baltimore Ave., Saturday, March 15, from 2 to 4 p.m.

In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the J. Lowry Sinclair III '65
Endowment, University Advancement, Elon University, Campus Box 2600, Elon, NC
27244.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Cape Gazette


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 June 23, 2006

Cadre of US fundamentalists determined to see biblical tenets added to courses

BYLINE: Jessica Shepherd

SECTION: Pg. 6 No. 1748

LENGTH: 496  words


Creationists in academe have tried but have so far failed to influence
university science courses in the US, an expert has told The Times Higher,
writes Jessica Shepherd.

John Staver, director of the Centre for Science Education at Kansas State
University, has tracked the creationist movement for seven years. He believes
that most adherents have been given short shrift by their academic peers despite
the rise in Christian fundamentalism in the US.

A poll earlier this month revealed that 46 per cent of Americans believe that
human beings did not evolve but were created by God in their present form within
the past 10,000 years.

Just 13 per cent agreed that: "Human beings have developed over millions of
years from less advanced forms of life, but God had no part in this process."

This month, a biology professor accused a textbook of allowing the teaching of
creationism to sneak in by the back door.

Jim Sparks, at Virginia Commonwealth University, complained that Essentials of
Biology published by McGraw-Hill Press omits critical chapters on evolutionary
biology.

His university denied this. A spokeswoman told The Times Higher that although
the textbook had a few paragraphs on creationism and intelligent design, it had
several chapters on evolution.

Professor Staver, who is a Christian, believes that academics on both sides of
the Atlantic must remain vigilant. "The UK science community needs to keep its
radar up in terms of what creationists are doing," he said.

He said that creationists were now concentrating on schools in an effort to
influence school curricula.

"We in the US are just waking up to their latest strategies of gaining influence
in schools," he said.

"But universities - apart from a handful of private ones run by Christian faith
groups, such as Wheaton College in Illinois - tend to be populated by academics
with strong views about science. Creationists have tried and failed to gain real
influence in universities. They are still not getting their papers on
intelligent design published in journals, either."

Professor Staver said there were six proponents of intelligent design or
creationists out of ten members on the Kansas State Board of Education.

Their influence has meant that teachers are forced to incorporate criticisms of
evolution into the curriculum. He believes that it has also deterred high-tech
and scientific businesses from setting up branches in Kansas.

He said: "Many of the most conservative Christians ultimately want a Christian
theocracy, which would basically break down the wall of separation between
Church and State.

"This contradicts the US Constitution's First Amendment, which bans the
establishment of a single faith."

Last December, a judge overturned an attempt to put intelligent design on the
science curriculum of schools in Dover County, Pennsylvania. In January, a
California school district settled out of court with parents who sued over its
decision to incorporate intelligent design into philosophy lessons.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Crime Watch for 02/22/2014 ?

BYLINE: York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1263 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.

Darlene Danielle Betz: 243 Kindig Road, Littlestown; retail theft; waived for
court.

Joan Elizabeth Davis: 62 Idaville-York Springs Road, Gardners; sell
non-controlled substances similar to controlled substances; waived for court.

Patrick Brian Dawson: 2241 Cedley St., Baltimore, Md.; retail theft (3 counts),
retail theft-destroy inventory control tag, criminal attempt, possession of
instrument of crime, intent to possess controlled substances by person not
registered, defiant trespass-actual communication to; held for court.

Elson Rinehart: 4351 Copenhaver Road, Glenville; driving under the influence and
related offenses, careless driving; waived for court.

Karen Lynn Carter: 102 High Point Drive, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence and related offenses, obedience to traffic control device; waived for
court.

Kate Elizabeth Witwer: 11 N. Reamstown Road, Reamstown; theft by unlawful taking
(2 counts), receiving stolen property; (2 counts); waived for court.

Adam West Hagan: 3611 Welton Orchard Road, Petersburg, W.V.; public drunkenness,
disorderly conduct, criminal mischief; ordered to pay fines and costs.

Stefanie Meyer: 1705 Baltimore Pike, Hanover; school attendance; ordered to pay
fine and costs.

Hanover Juvenile: truancy (2 counts); ordered to pay fines and costs.

Treacy Hunt: 233 Breezewood Drive, Hanover; truancy; ordered to pay fine and
costs.

Cherry Winand: 1067 Fuhrman Mill Road, Hanover; truancy (2 counts); ordered to
pay fines and costs.

Juvenile: truancy; ordered to pay fine and costs.

Joseph Ahrens: 1002 Baer Ave., Hanover; parking regulations; ordered to pay fine
and costs.

Daniel Stephenson: 4047 Fox Run Road, Dover; liquor law; ordered to pay fine and
costs.

Juvenile: truancy (2 counts); ordered to pay fines and costs.

Eric Martenson: 10 Municipal Road, Hanover; PA Fish Commission; control of
property; ordered to pay fine and costs.

Gina Heilman: 1807 Stagecoach Drive, Manchester, Md.; disorderly conduct, simple
trespasser; ordered to pay fines and costs.

Juvenile: truancy; ordered to pay fine and costs.

Evelyn Schuster: 577.5 McAllister St., Hanover; disorderly conduct; ordered to
pay fine and costs.

Tina Woodfin: 792 Baltimore St., Hanover; truancy; ordered to pay fine and
costs.

Garry Heilman: 6 Paradise Court, Hanover; property maintenance code; ordered to
pay fine and costs.

Walter C. Parrish Jr.: 226.5 N. Franklin St., Hanover; retail theft; ordered to
pay fine and costs.

Janet George: 3 Charles Ave., Hanover; truancy; ordered to pay fine and costs.

Juliet Lambert: 620 Frederick St., Hanover; truancy (3 counts); ordered to pay
fines and costs.

Juvenile: harassment; ordered to pay fine and costs.

Joshua Rexroth: 947 Centennial Ave., Hanover; liquor law; ordered to pay fine
and costs.

Christopher Weibe: 31 Rickey Drive, Hanover; harassment; ordered to pay fine and
costs.

District Judge Robert A. Eckenrode's office covers East Manchester and Hellam
townships, Hellam, Manchester, Mount Wolf and Wrightsville.

John M. Hoyt: Dover; theft; waived to court.

Joel Engle: driving under the influence; waived to court.

Kerri Sue Funk: Columbia; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Bradley C. Dandignac: Columbia; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jason C. Miller: Hallam; driving under the influence, possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Kelsey A. Freed: York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Jason B. Fluke: Mount Wolf; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Joshua Z. Zink: Columbia; driving under the influence, possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Christopher C. Moss: Wrightsville; driving under the influence; waived to court.

David E. Slenker Jr.: Wrightsville; driving under the influence, possession of
marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia, disorderly conduct; held for court.

Aaron W. Neff: Hellam; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Dale Stoutzenberger: Columbia; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Justin Schreiber: New York, N.Y.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

District Judge Barry L. Bloss Jr.'s office covers Springettsbury Township.

Lori Grendell: 51 N. Poplar St., Manchester; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Michael Fultz: 73 Alana Drive; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Carolyn Aho: 139 White Oak Drive; compulsory school attendance; dismissed.

Susan Force: 441 N. George St.; compulsory school attendance (6 counts); pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fines and court costs.

Eric White: 458 Locust St., rear, Columbia; retail theft; waived to court.

Tanya Mummau-Gager: 508 Central Manor Road, Lancaster; retail theft; held for
court.

Megan Conrad: 4095 Robinwood Road; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Justin Billet: 1128 E. Prospect St.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Brenden Reeves: 400 E. Princess St., Apt. 104; driving under the influence,
aggravated assault by motor vehicle while driving under the influence, accidents
involving death or personal injury, accidents involving death or injury while
not properly licensed, firearms not to be carried without a license, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Deanna Semanoff-Bardonado: 404 E. Market St., Apt. 2; retail theft; waived to
court.

Tito Bardonado: 404 E. Market St., Apt. 2; retail theft; waived to court.

Michelle Iwancio: 10 York St., P.O. Box 234, Codorus; theft by unlawful taking
(6 counts), receiving stolen property (6 counts); waived to court.

Scott Royster: 129 S. Belvidere Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, criminal
conspiracy, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Jason Swartz: 451-A Buttonwood Lane; rape, statutory sexual assault, involuntary
deviate sexual intercourse (2 counts), sexual assault, aggravated indecent
assault (3 counts), indecent assault (3 counts); waived to court.

Wendell Parks: 310 W. Philadelphia St., Apt. 436; retail theft; held for court.

Cindy Larry: 117 Vine St., Apt. 2, Highspire; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Cherri Holt: 606 E. Market St., 3rd floor; forgery (2 counts); waived to court.

Cory Hoffmaster: 2162 Fineview Road; theft by deception (2 counts); waived to
court.

Mark Roach: 624 E. Philadelphia St.; possession of a controlled substance;
waived to court.

Cleopatra Psaros-Barone: 108 Lantern Lane, Stewartstown; theft by deception (3
counts), retail theft; waived to court.

District Judge Scott E. Laird's office covers York Township; Dallastown and Yoe.

Aaron Wacker: Lancaster County Prison; retail theft; waived to court.

Deyvid Demelo: 414 N. 32nd St., Philadelphia; conspiracy to commit possession
with intent to deliver; waived to court.

Nathaniel Williams II: 665 E. Market St.; intent to possess controlled
substance, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Miguel Jimenez: 736 Gunninson Road; theft by deception; waived to court.

Rodney Rosengrant Jr.: 1154 E. King St., theft of leased property; held for
court.

David Morton: 135 S. Belvidere Ave.; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Taylor Walter: 118 Jonathan Way North, Red Lion; dissemble photo/film of child
sex acts, child pornography; waived to court.

Jarret Berkheimer: 108 N. Seward St.; possession of marijuana, possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Cole Ryder: 931 Sommerset Lane; driving under the influence, improper tires;
waived for court.

Jordan Shirey: 3049 N. George St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Annette Spence: 1057 Accomac Road; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday

Crime Watch for 10/26/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 471 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
William R. Sloan, 37 Mumma Ave., Hanover; parking regulations; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Dakota Brown, 41 Commerce St., New Oxford; liquor law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

David Robert Zepka, 947 Centennial Ave., Hanover; public drunkenness; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Roland Dean Yelton, 716 York St., first floor, Hanover; harassment; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Cindy Egolf, 441 Berry Court, Taneytown, Md.; harassment; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Jeremiah Joseph Haas, 3687 S. Glenn Drive, Reisterstown, Md.; harassment;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Jeremiah Joseph Haas, 3687 S. Glenn Drive, Reisterstown, Md.; disorderly
conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

---
District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township.
DISPOSITIONS
Ashley E. Jones, 2110 York Haven Road, Apt. 3, Etters; retail theft; waived to
court.

Adam J. Warrington, 115 Pine Tree Road, Manchester; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, harassment; waived to court.

James M. Knotts, 4053 Fox Run Road, Dover; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, possession
of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving at safe speed,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Jeffrey K. Kuykendall, 1275 W. Princess St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

James C. Wardrop, 204 Fame Ave., Hanover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, public drunkenness, accident involving damages to unattended
vehicle, careless driving; held for court.

Ryan Cusaac, 933 Northbriar Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: minors-first offense, driving under the
influence: controlled substance; waived to court.

Michael Conley, 3812 Foxchase Drive, Dover; theft by deception; waived to court.

Jason M. Hohman, 3907 Pennington Ave., Baltimore, Md.; retail theft; waived to
court.

Timothy A. Knaub, 504 N. George St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Scott G. Cramer, 7472 Hillcrest Drive, Abbottstown; bad check; found guilty,
paid fine, costs and restitution.

Shane W. Stoner, 61 Maple St., Seven Valleys; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Shane Dorsey, 5723 York Road, Spring Grove; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Theresa M. Smith, 300 Coventry @ Waterford; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Angel L. McCleary, 5800 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 9, Manchester; theft by unlawful
taking, conspire theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

James Adams, 610 Brackridge St., Gettysburg; false identification to law
enforcement, driving without a license; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday

Police - Fire

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


DRUNKEN DRIVING

LITITZ: Borough police arrested Brandon L. Stutler, 21, of Blacksmith Way, for
suspected drunken driving, as a result of a vehicle stop July 4 at Owl Hill Road
and Landis Valley Road.

MANHEIM: Borough police have charged three motorists with driving under the
influence of intoxicants. They are: Sherry L. Fry, 44, of 543 S. Lime St., who
was stopped July 14 on Main Street (Route 72); Christi Lynn Enck, 30, of South
Sixth Street, Lebanon, who was stopped early Sunday morning on Route 72; and
John J. Baisden, 57, of 2600 Willow Street Pike, Willow Street, who was stopped
Sunday night in the first block of South Wolf Street, police said.

EAST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Township police have charged three motorists with driving
under the influence of intoxicants. They are: Keith Allen Landis, 42, of 3626
Keen Ave., Mountville, whose vehicle struck a vehicle in a parking lot in the
500 block of Centerville Road on July 1; Stephen Dissinger, 27, of Quaker Way,
Annapolis, Md., whose vehicle ran off the ramp from eastbound Route 30 to
Centerville Road on July 12; and Dung Ngo, 36, of 738 E. Fulton St., who was
stopped July 16 on eastbound Route 30 for a reckless-driving violation, police
said.

EAST DONEGAL TWP.: Susquehanna Regional police have charged Drew A. Haubert, 18,
of 122 W. Front St., Marietta, with driving under the influence of intoxicants
in connection with a July 4 accident on Anderson Ferry Road, and Gina M.
McAleer, 30, of 311 Snyder Road, Mount Joy, with driving under the influence of
intoxicants in connection with a vehicle stop June 25 at River Road and Ore Mine
Road.

ASSAULT CHARGES

MANHEIM: Daniel James Perry, 22, of 64 N. Laurel St., Manheim, was charged with
simple assault in connection with an incident that happened July 18 in the first
block of South Charlotte Street in Manheim, borough police said. Perry allegedly
punched a 27-year-old man several times, knocked the man to the ground, and
continued to kick him until another person intervened, police said. The victim
required medical treatment, police said.

MANHEIM TWP.: Township police have arrested Aaron G. Miller, 20, no known
address, on charges of simple assault and disorderly conduct. Police said Miller
allegedly assaulted his 17-year-old girlfriend Monday night in the parking lot
of the Wal-Mart store, 2030 Fruitville Pike. Miller was committed to Lancaster
County Prison after failing to post $20,000 cash bail, police said.

THREATS CHARGES

MANHEIM: Borough police have charged Dru D. Conner, 32, of West Poplar Street,
York, with terroristic threats and harassment. Police said Conner allegedly made
threats to a woman and her children and called the woman by telephone 107 times
on June 2 and June 3.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: POLICE - FIRE DIGEST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 435 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding

warrants. Officials are asking the public for

information about the following people,

identified by name, age, last known

city of residence, the charge and the bond

amount on the warrant. If you have any

information, contact the sheriff's department

at (208) 263-8417 or the Bonner County

Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Donald R. Crum  - 43, Hayden, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$40,000 bond.

David G. Dwight  - 48, Sandpoint, failure to appear/forgery grand theft, $1,554
bond.

Alice L. Little - 47, Conrad, Mont., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
(five counts), $5,000 bond.

Danielle D. Omdorff  - 33, Ponderay, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $1,000 bond.

Maureen E. Swenson - 38, Riverside, Calif., failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, $350 bond.

Misdemeanors

Charlet K. Bean - 38, San Jose, Calif., failure to purchase a driver's license,
$300 bond.

Danelle  Bonagofski - 37, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $500 bond.

Erwin E. Borau  - 51, Cranbrook, British Columbia, Canada, failure to purchase a
driver's license, $300 bond.

Jeremy J. Deaton - 21, Post Falls, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $2,000 bond.

Eric K. Fagan - 21, Hayden, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Gregory M. Gavin - 48, Bonners Ferry, failure to purchase a driver's license,
$300 bond.

Archie L. Humble - 39, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, two days in jail.

Destery  W. Lee - 33, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $4,000 bond.

Mark R. Mundie - 20, Linnwood, Calif., failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of alcohol by
a minor, $2,000 bond.

Steven R. O'Connell - 20, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Patricia C. Rosane - 41, Rathdrum, failure to appear/petty theft, $2,000 bond.

Ronald L. Caauew  - 44, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence
(two counts), $7,000 bond.

Peggy L. Skeeters - 55, Coram, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, possession of prescription drugs, $1,000 bond.

Crayton D. Whiteeyes - 42, Spokane, failure to comply/resisting/obstructing
officers, $500 bond.

Bryan L. Wing - 29, Spokane, failure to comply/possession of drug paraphernalia,
$1,700 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of

by contacting the Bonner County courthouse

and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 21, 2005 Friday
                                  All Editions

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 746 words


Ellsworth District Court

Cases Dec. 1-31, 2004

Adam H. Frank, 25, Otis, driving while under influence of intoxicants, $500,
license suspended 90 days; possession of marijuana, $200.

Brent D. Gagnon, 23, Bangor, operating motor vehicle after license suspension,
$200.

Heather Gordon, 24, Blue Hill, assault, $400.

Herbert E. Gordon, 49, Lamoine, unlawful shooting or discharge of firearm, $100.

Joel W. Graves, 44, Milford, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, $200,
restitution, $220; sale and use of drug paraphernalia, $100.

Carl W. Gray, 29, Deer Isle, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$1,300, jail 45 days, license suspended four years, restitution, $969.74;
leaving scene of motor vehicle accident, jail 10 days.

Joseph A. Gray, 51, Castine criminal threatening, transferred to Superior Court.

William R. Gray, 20, Addison, use of artificial light to illuminate wild
animals, $500, community service 40 hours.

Jeffrey R. Green, 20, Franklin, attaching false plates, $150.

Dannie V. Grindle, 25, Ellsworth, possession of marijuana, $200.

Don A. Gross, 22, Bucksport, driving while under influence of intoxicants, $400,
jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Scott E. Gross, 39, Bucksport, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Shawn E. Grover, 29, Gouldsboro, operating vehicle after habitual offender
revocation, transferred to Superior Court.

Kerry W. Guildford, 49, Ellsworth, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$700, jail 10 days, license suspended 18 months; operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, jail 48 hours.

Jason A. Heckman, 33, Ellsworth, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Debbie L. Hincks, 19, Blue Hill, theft of services, $100.

Scott William Ingraham, 42, Sedgwick, driving while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Kirsten M. Jacobsen, 31, Gouldsboro, negotiating worthless instrument, $300.

James A. Jette, 41, Franklin, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$600, jail two days, license suspended 90 days.

Matthew R. Johnson, 25, Gouldsboro, assault, $500, restitution, $150.

James A. Jordan, 34, Ellsworth, attaching false motor vehicle plates, operating
motor vehicle after license suspension, $400 suspended; negotiate worthless
instrument, $400 suspended, restitution, $80.63.

Kylie A. Joseph, 26, driving while under influence of intoxicants, $600, jail 48
hours, license suspended 90 days.

Kyle A. Joy, 18, Birch Harbor, hunting or possessing moose during closed season,
$1,000, jail three days.

Jack W. Kaspala, 43, Surry, permitting unlawful use, $150.

James W. King III, 19, Greenbush, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Dana R. Kippen Jr., 27, Ellsworth, assault, $300.

Jacob Lapoint, 19, Penobscot, minor transporting liquor, $100.

Jeffrey L. Layne, 31, Sullivan, operating motor vehicle after license
suspension, $500, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months.

Mikja S. Leavitt, 21, Concord, N.H., driving while under influence of
intoxicants, jury trial.

Donald C. Lee, 50, East Machias, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Luke A. Leinicke, 33, Seward, Alaska, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Matthew V. Leise, 27, Sullivan, assault, jail 48 hours; criminal mischief, jail
48 hours; violating condition of release, jail 48 hours.

James Lester, 20, Gouldsboro, rule violation, $100; unlawfully hunting wild
birds, $100; hunting birds with shotgun, $100.

Alonzo A. Lindsey, 20, Mariaville, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, jail 48 hours; violating condition of release, jail 48 hours.

Robert Lopez Jr., 35, Trenton, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$400, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Craig Richard MacInnis, 56, Dresden, driving while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Jeremy Madore, 23, Trenton, possession of marijuana, $200.

Meghan M. Mahar, 24, Castleton, Vt., negotiating worthless instrument, $100.

Andrew S. Marks, 37, Castine, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$400, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

David R. Martin, 46, Sullivan, operating motor vehicle after license suspension,
jail 10 days.

Ellis T. Martin Jr., 19, Gouldsboro, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $200.

James F. Matthews Jr., 49, Northport, N.Y., possession of marijuana, $200.

David S. Matz, 41, Sullivan, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Matthew C. McDevitt, 25, Eastbrook, loaded firearm in motor vehicle, $100.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 5, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

WITNESS IN MURDER TRIAL TELLS OF 'INFLUENCE' CLAIM

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: MAYS LANDING, N.J., Feb. 4


A man charged with conspiring to murder his wife claimed he had enough influence
in Toms River, N.J., to ''handle'' any investigation, a key prosecution witness
testified today.

The witness, Billy Wayne McKinnon, said he had decided to testify for the state
in return for a light sentence on a single charge of conspiracy ''after looking
at the evidence against me'' and deciding he would be convicted of first-degree
murder in the slaying of the woman, Maria P. Marshall.

Mrs. Marshall, 42 years old, was killed at a picnic area on the Garden State
Parkway Sept. 7, 1984. Her husband, Robert O. Marshall, 46, is charged with
hiring Mr. McKinnon, 43, and Larry N. Thompson, 42, to commit the crime so he
could collect $1.5 million in insurance on her life and continue an extramarital
affair. Mr. Thompson is charged with shooting Mrs. Marshall.

The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty for Mr. Marshall and Mr.
Thompson if they are convicted.

'A Lot of Influence'

Mr. McKinnon, a former sheriff's detective in Caddo Parish in Louisiana, said
that after receiving a down payment he sought unsuccessfully to discourage Mr.
Marshall from going through with the planned killing.

''I told him he could be under a great deal of pressure, that he would undergo
quite a bit of questioning by the authorities,'' Mr. McKinnon told the Superior
Court jury. ''He told me not to worry about that, that he was an outstanding
member of the community and had a lot of influence and he could handle that.''

Mr. McKinnon said he and Mr. Thompson did not decide till a few hours before the
murder to go through with it. Till then, the witness said, he had taken $22,000
in advances from Mr. Marshall with no intention of carrying out his part of the
deal.

''Your intention was to rip him off for as much money as possible, then blow the
deal off?'' asked Glenn A. Zeitz, Mr. Marshall's attorney, during
cross-examination. ''Yes,'' Mr. McKinnon said.  Charges Denied Mr. Marshall has
denied any involvement in the murder. Mr. Zeitz said in his opening statement
that robbers ambushed the Marshalls when they stopped to check a soft tire as
they were going home from a night of gambling in Atlantic City.

Francis Hartman, Mr. Thompson's attorney, said in his opening statement that his
client was not in New Jersey at the time of the slaying and that Mr. McKinnon
''created'' Mr. Thompson's presence so he could shift responsibility to someone
other than himself and accept the state's plea-bargain agreement of a sentence
of no more than five years in prison.

Mr. Hartman said the evidence suggested Mr. McKinnon was the killer. Today,
during cross-examination, he asked Mr. McKinnon if he was lying on the stand to
save his life.

Mr. McKinnon said he was fulfilling his agreement with the state to testify
truthfully.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 16, 1999 Sunday

LENGTH: 681 words


The proposal to replace the electoral college with direct election of the
president was presented by Rep. Andy Maragos, R-Minot, to the recent legislative
session, where it was ruthlessly terminated without a second thought -- and for
the wrong reason. Many politicians in small states harbor the illusion that the
electoral college gives them an advantage over big states, because every state
is allocated two votes for its senators, thereby giving small states a larger
number of electoral votes than the large states, when calculated on a per-capita
basis. Unfortunately, that is only one of several characteristics about the
electoral college that gives some voters more influence than others in
presidential elections.

Taken by itself, it would be cause for joy and celebration in small states, but
the workings of the electoral college are more complex than that. There are a
couple of other features that deprive voters of an equal voice, one of which
really cheats small-state voters. One of the features that warps the one-person,
one-vote principle is allocation of electoral votes to each state without regard
to the number of voters who show up at the polls to choose electors. This means
that states in which voter turnout is consistently low -- such as Mississippi
and Alabama, with 50 percent -- get all of their electoral votes, even though
the turnout in Minnesota and North Dakota is over 60 percent. The electoral
college gives no credit for voter turnout. But the significant warping of
equality in voting is more subtle, and has to do with the ability of a voter to
influence the outcome of the presidential election. Because of the
winner-take-all feature of the electoral college on a state-by-state basis, a
voter in California gets to influence the election of a block of 54 electors,
while a voter in North Dakota can influence only three. When the character of
the electoral college was more topical, back in the 1970s, John Banzhaf III
reported, in the Villanova Law Review, that his computer analysis demonstrated
that ""states like New York and California have over two and one-half as much
chance to affect the election of the president as residents of some smaller
states.'' Anyone who observes the nature of presidential elections can confirm
that the real constituency of the presidency consists of the 12 larger states,
with their big blocks of electoral votes. So, while we are contentedly thinking
that we're pulling something over on the big guys, we are the ones getting the
short end of the ballot. The last time anyone got excited about the potential
inequities in the electoral college was in 1968, when George Wallace was
running, with strong support in the southern states. As the campaign progressed,
pundits began to fear that Wallace would get enough electoral votes to force the
election into the House of Representatives, where he would use his southern
block to extort concessions from the candidates of the two major parties. He
ended up with only 46 electoral votes, and Richard Nixon won a clear majority,
with 301, so the crisis was averted. The scare of 1968 spawned a large crop of
proposals for replacing or changing the electoral college, the chief of which
was direct election, in which everybody would get one vote that counted for one
vote. Since there is no current crisis, there is no alarm, again proving the
truism that opinion follows events. So, there will be no interest in change
until a candidate with the largest number of votes is denied the presidency
because of the nature of the electoral college. Of course, this has not happened
in over 100 years, but anything can happen these days, with the fragmentation of
parties, negative campaigns, big money and alienation of voters. Note Minnesota.
So, it appears that Maragos may have to wait for some sort of electoral
catastrophe before he can get a fair hearing. Meanwhile, voters in California
and New York will pick our presidents for us. (Lloyd Omdahl is a political
scientist and former North Dakota lieutenant governor. His column appears
Sundays in the Tribune.)

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              March 8, 2010 Monday

Crime Watch for 03/08/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 464 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Kevin Jay Whitmire, Etters; criminal mischief; moved to non-traffic.

Sean S. Arnold, Manchester; defiant trespass posted on school grounds; pleaded
guilty.

Joshua Robert Zink, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of
marijuana; waived to court.

Lindsey Jo Walters, New Cumberland; forgery-unauthorized act in writing, theft
by unlawful taking; waived to court.

John D. Peters, Harrisburg; marijuana-small amount for personal use, disorderly
conduct, driving while operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to
court.

Brian E. Lewis, Dover; driving under the influence, careless driving, duties at
stop sign; waived to court.

Kenneth L. Sterling, Dillsburg; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Carl William Brillhart, Etters; retail theft, receiving stolen property; waived
to court.

James Lee Baker, Manchester; driving under the influence, accident damage to
unattended vehicle or property, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Nathan Lee Schaeffer, Dover; theft of leased property, receiving stolen
property; held for court.

Christine Alison Cook, Carlisle; retail theft; moved to non-traffic.

Heather Nicole Cowie, burglary, criminal trespass-enter structure, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

David E. Campbell, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Darrell Eugene Scott, Duncannon; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, fleeing or attempting to elude officer, resisting
arrest, reckless driving; held for court.

Robert E. Kitzmiller, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jose Maria Santiago, access device issued to another who did not authorize,
identity theft; held for court.

George William Miller III, manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Matthew James Wolfe, conspire to commit burglary, burglary, theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Fidel Sanchez-Villanue va, Gardner; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Gregory Lynn Brown Jr., York Haven; receiving stolen property, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Troy M. Delong, Mountville; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Rochelle Lorraine Has kins, Columbus, Ohio; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, retail theft; waived to court.

Michael Robert Heiland, York Haven; burglary, criminal trespass-break into
structure, conspire to commit burglary; held for court.

William Edwards Fields, marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Aaron M. Fry, Duncannon; theft of services-acquisition of service, bad checks;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Defendant in murder blames pill The Jeffco man's claim that he was under the
influence of Ambien sleep aids is echoed in other U.S. cases.

BYLINE: Kirk Mitchell The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 762 words


When Andrew McClay asked a sheriff's deputy if his "friend" was OK, the question
was so odd given the circumstances that the deputy had to ask "Who?"

"Nicole Burns," McClay replied.

Burns' body was lying on the floor of McClay's apartment, where the deputy had
just arrested him. She was in rigor mortis, her battered head lying next to a
hammer in a pool of blood.

McClay's confusion about Burns' death was no act; he was under the influence of
a cocktail of Ambien sleeping pills and other drugs and whiskey, his attorney
says.

The case is one of a growing number of so-

called "Ambien-defense" cases around the country in which defendants claim that
under the influence of the drug they were not responsible for murders, sexual
assaults and fatal car crashes.

McClay, 22, has been charged with first-degree murder for allegedly bludgeoning
Burns to death on the night of April 23 or the morning of April 24. Bail was set
at $1 million.

McClay claims he doesn't recall what happened to his "soul mate" inside his
apartment at 11435 W. Bowles Place in Littleton.

"The circumstances of what happened that night are puzzling, and I don't know if
those questions will ever be answered," said McClay's attorney, Karen Sue
Steinhauser.

Ambien, a sedative hypnotic taken for insomnia, can cause amnesia, sleep walking
and driving, abnormal behavior, hallucinations and agitation, according to a
report by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

Only one Ambien is to be taken in a 24-hour period and it is not to be taken
with alcohol, FDA spokeswoman Karen Riley said. Five Ambien pills, the number
McClay says he took, is "well above the dosage."

McClay also said he took 15 Aleve pills.

Prince Adams, 29, of Memphis, Tenn., claimed he stabbed his girlfriend, Ohrdra
"Nikki" Flowers, 27 times with a pocketknife on April 17, 2006, after taking
Ambien and dreaming she was cheating on him.

Rhode Island Rep. Patrick Kennedy crashed his car near the U.S. Capitol early in
the morning of May 4, 2006, after taking Ambien and another prescription drug.

Andover, Mass., attorney Ki Yong O, then 36, claimed he was "sleep driving"
after taking an Ambien when he slammed into 43-year-old Anthony Raucci while he
was fixing his car beside Interstate 93. Raucci was killed.

Judge Kenneth Fishman acquitted O in December 2007 of voluntary motor vehicle
homicide, ruling that O's actions were not voluntary because he did not know the
effects of Ambien, a North Andover news report says.

Adams' attorney Brett Stein said his client was found guilty of first-degree
murder, but he is appealing.

"Our position was that the Ambien affected his mind, clouding his ability to
form the proper intent," Stein said. "It's a pretty common type of defense. It's
definitely valid. Usually it happens when someone is drinking."

Shortly before McClay allegedly bludgeoned Burns with a hammer, the two had been
talking about living together. Burns and McClay, who is gay, had a platonic
relationship.

The two Red Lobster employees were best friends, spending most of their free
time together.

"She was very special to him," Steinhauser said.

There was no evidence presented at a recent preliminary hearing of any anger
ever expressed between them, Steinhauser said.

However, McClay had pleaded guilty in 2008 to a misdemeanor charge of assaulting
his former boyfriend, according to Steinhauser and court records.

The first hint something was wrong came when McClay sent a series of e-mails to
his aunt saying, "I'm sorry, I love you, come get my fish."

McClay's uncle John Seetch called police because the messages "seemed suicidal
in nature."

When Jefferson County Deputy Michael Burgess arrived at 11:07 a.m. he got a key
from an apartment manager. Inside the entrance he found empty whiskey bottles
and Burns' body. McClay walked out of the bathroom wearing only a shirt and a
towel.

He was handcuffed and while being driven to Littleton Adventist Hospital, he
asked if Burns was "OK." In an exam room, an investigator saw drops of blood on
McClay's chest and a 2-inch scratch on his left shoulder that appeared to have
been made by a fingernail, a Sheriff's Office report says.

McClay started to tell an investigator how he and Burns had returned home from
working at Red Lobster the night before, ate dinner and then he noticed Burns
was acting "funny."

He said Burns told him that a man had given her pills. McClay then stopped
talking, the report says.

"This whole situation is devastating to him," McClay's attorney said. "It's a
very sad case for everyone involved."

Kirk Mitchell: 303-954-1206 or kmitchell@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

Report: NFL tried to influence concussion study

BYLINE: wire services

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 390 words

ABSTRACT

News+Notes

FULL TEXT

While the NFL pledged money, held news conferences and issued media releases
about its commitment to player health, safety and concussion research, the
league also was engaged in a campaign to steer money away from a prominent
Boston University researcher and attempted to redirect it to members of its own
committee on brain injuries, according to a scathing Congressional report.

The 91-page report issued Monday by the Democratic members of the House Energy
and Commerce Committee, led by ranking member Rep. Frank Pallone Jr., D-N.J.,
charged league officials with trying to influence a major U.S. government
research study on football and brain disease after agreeing to an unconditional
donation to fund research. The report found the NFL's actions "fit a
long-standing pattern of attempts to influence the scientific understanding of
the consequences of repeated head trauma."

Brady asks for rehearing in Deflategate >> The seemingly never-ending
Deflategate saga advanced to yet another phase when Tom Brady's legal team asked
for a rehearing before a federal appeals court of the ruling that reinstated the
quarterback's four-game suspension.

Attorneys for Brady and the NFL Players Association argued that the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit should hear the case and restore Brady's
eligibility to remain in the New England Patriots' lineup without interruption.

NBA

Magic introduce Vogel >> Frank Vogel and the Orlando Magic have endured a
chaotic May.

Vogel labeled one stretch "probably the craziest two weeks of my life." His
Indiana Pacers lost Game 7 of a playoff series. The Pacers let his contract
expire. And several NBA teams expressed interest in hiring him. The Magic
experienced a similar upheaval. On May 12, Scott Skiles resigned.

Olympics

Russian champion plans lawsuit >> Two-time Olympic pole vault champion Yelena
Isinbayeva plans to file suit if Russia's ban from global track and field
competition remains in place and she is barred from competing at the games in
Rio.

"It's a direct violation of human rights, discrimination," Isinbayeva said.

Mountaineering

String of deaths may have been avoidable >> An Indian climber has died while
being helped down Mount Everest, just a couple of days after a Dutch and an
Australian died near the peak. Two other Indian climbers are missing.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2016 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Rhode Island State Police Arrest Sixteen Subjects for Driving Under the
Influence Over the Holiday Weekend

LENGTH: 706  words


Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and
Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of the Division's
efforts to continue to make our roadways safer, members of the Rhode Island
State Police have arrested sixteen (16) subjects for Driving Under the Influence
(DUI) over the Labor Day Holiday weekend. In addition to the DUI arrests, there
were 61 other arrests on miscellaneous charges during the period from Friday,
September 4, 2015 through Monday, September 7, 2015.


The following is a list of the subjects who were arrested for Driving Under the
Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs:
Anthony Vacchelli, age 61 of 22 Cottage Street, Warren, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Russell Dufault, age 52 of 42 Donna Drive, Portsmouth, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Sorng Heng, age 35, of 39 Madison Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - (BAC .173/.177)
Ferrell Walter, age 41, of 36 Acorn Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Thomas Hanley age 47, of 49 Echo Road, Glocester, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
o Disorderly Conduct
Moise Louis Jean, age 33, of 44 Goddard Street #2, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
o Driving on a Suspended License
James Washington, age 27, of 274 Point Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Camilo Esmeral, age 53, of 542 Power Road #3R,Pawtucket, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence (BAC .148/.151)
Josue Lopez, age 27, 15 Imera Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
o Driving on a Suspended License
John Spengos, age 56, of 67 Daniel Drive, North Kingstown, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - (BAC .100/.100)
Jeffery Goldberg, age 65, of 1044 Main Street, Warwick, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Antonio Johnson, age 47, of 100 Arthur Street, Pawtucket, Rhode Island  o
Driving Under the Influence- BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Paul Louis, age 44 of 826 Sugar Hollow Road, Bean Station, Tennessee
o Driving Under the Influence - (BAC .180/.172)
o Possession of Schedule IV (Alprazlam)
o Possession of Schedule I (Morphine)
Julio Pena, age 31, of 48 Felix Street, Providence, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence- BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Melissa Gama, age 40, of 45 Morraine Court, South Kingstown, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence-BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
o Simple Assault
o Disorderly Conduct
Arthur Kocsi, age 60, of 465 Gardner Road #63, Richmond, Rhode Island
o Driving Under the Influence- BAC Unknown
o Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test
Troopers also issued 1,063 citations, to include: 485 speeding violations, 165
Seatbelt/Child Restraint violations, and 11 Conditions Requiring Reduced
Speed/Move Over violations. Troopers also handled 63 crash reports, with one
crash involving an intoxicated or impaired operator.
Colonel O'Donnell stated, "This was a fatality free weekend in Rhode Island. We
believe there is a direct correlation between traffic enforcement and the
reduction of fatal and serious motor vehicle accidents. I commend the troopers
for their efforts in keeping our roadways safe."
The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, seatbelt and child restraint violations.
We believe that by continuing these enforcement efforts, it makes the highways
safer for all travelers.
Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pilot gets prison time for flying airliner under influence of alcohol

BYLINE: Felisa Cardona The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 254 words


A United Express pilot caught flying a plane under the influence of alcohol was
sentenced Friday to six months in federal prison.

Aaron Jason Cope, 33, of Norfolk, Va., also will serve six months of home
detention, three of those months on electronic monitoring once his prison
sentence is completed.

Cope must report to the U.S. Bureau of Prisons by Jan. 3.

After a two-day bench trial in June, he was convicted of operating an aircraft
under the influence of alcohol.

Cope was the co-pilot on a flight from Austin, Texas, to Denver on Dec. 8, 2009,
when another pilot smelled alcohol in the cockpit.

When the flight landed at Denver International Airport, Cope's co-pilot "took a
big whiff" and realized Cope had been drinking, according to the Colorado U.S.
Attorney's Office.

Cope went to a bar with a friend and purchased beer from a gas station near his
hotel before his flight. His blood-alcohol level was .084.

"The FAA prohibits an individual from acting as a crew member of a civil
aircraft while impaired by alcohol, with a blood-alcohol content of .04 percent,
or within eight hours after the consumption of any alcohol beverage," according
to a news release from Colorado U.S. Attorney John Walsh.

"The public rightly expects that airline pilots will not drink and fly," said
Walsh. "Because flying while intoxicated is a serious crime and puts the lives
of passengers and people on the ground in danger, we will prosecute it swiftly
and effectively - every time."

Felisa Cardona: 303-954-1219 or fcardona@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 27, 2007 Monday

Crime Watch for 8/27/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Town ship and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
David C. Lee, 845 Fahs St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Susan J. Riehl, 4650 Church Road; forgery; held for court.

Holly A. Lobb, 5097 Lincoln Highway West, Thomasville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, follow too closely; waived to court.

Jerimy Tusing, 5145 Susquehanna Trail, Lot 34; intent to possess controlled
substance; waived to court.

Christopher M. Mulroy, 1820 Fairfield Ave; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Steven Smith, 953 Conewago Ave., Manchester; harassment; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Isidore Lee Jr., 845 Fahs St., harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Thomas G. Lewis Jr., 1300 York Haven Road, Lot 75, York Haven; bad check;
pleaded guilty, paid fine, cost and restitution.

Travis J. Eckert, 1245 W. College Ave.; criminal trespass, public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, served 10 days in York County Prison.

Amy M. Konopka, NFA; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Michael C. Champ, NFA; resisting arrest, theft from a motor vehicle; waived to
court.

Michael L. Tobias, 1420 W. College Ave.; receiving stolen property, flight to
avoid apprehension, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Jose L. Colon-Ortiz, 941 Linden Ave., second floor; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Anna L. Thomas, 1635 Creekbed Drive, Apt. 2, Harrisburg; robbery, retail theft,
receiving stolen property, conspire retail theft; waived to court.

Jon M. Oram, 1470 Surrey Run Court; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; careless
driving; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 420 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Derek C.A. Brown - 19, Sandpoint, burglary, $10,000 bond.

John E. Draper - 59, Kodiak, Alaska, lewd and lascivious conduct, $5,000 bond.

Lawrence V. Hersick - 55, Chicago, Ill., aggravated assault (two counts),
$10,000 bond.

Katrina L. Hesson - 34, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $500 bond.

David A. Hunter - 42, Spokane, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance-methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Gregory S. Adams - 24, Hammonds, Ore., failure to appear/battery, $2,000 bond.

Jefferson W. Adams - 65, Port Angeles, Wash., failure to appear/driving under
the influence, $5,000 bond.

Johnny  Adison - 41, Tonalia, Ariz., driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Bryan Q. Ainsworth - 38, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, resisting/obstructing officers, $114 bond.

Kelly J. Akridge - 53, Priest River, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $3,000 bond.

William E.L. Alford - 32, Sandpoint, failure to comply/petty theft, $150 bond.

James D. Allen - 47, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

James E. Allen - 31, Mariposa, Calif., failure to comply/battery on law
enforcement personnel, $724 bond.

William D. Alsup - 34, Sandpoint, trespass, procuring beer for minors, $1,500
bond.

Kelly G. Anderson - 27, Spokane, possession/consumption/purchase of alcohol by a
minor, $500 bond.

Richard D. Anderson - 55, Cocolalla, failure to appear/hunt, fish, trap without
a license, $63 bond.

Christopher N. Lewis - 30, Sagle, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, driving under the influence, driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

Justin L. Tallman - 27, Noxon, Mont., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, unlawful transport of alcohol, $2,000 bond.

Renata R. Vazquez - 25, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence
, driving without privileges, failure to provide proof of insurance, $4,350
bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 14, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O11

LENGTH: 551 words


Lester Conellis Williams, 28, of the 3500 block of Edgeworth Drive in Hephzibah,
was charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 24, 2002, and was fined
$100.

Darryl Glenn Maddox, 39, of the 1600 block of Powell Road in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 3, 2006, and was fined $810.

Justin Blake McCarthy, 21, of the 1100 block of Louisville Road in Harlem, was
charged with driving under the influence on Jan. 26, 2006, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $1,368.

Austin Christopher Camp, 34, of the 100 block of Glen Drive in Greer, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 5, 2006, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $810.

Jesse Tory Croteau, 22, of the 2100 block of Northland Road in Baltimore, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 12, 2006, and was sentenced to
30 days in jail.

Nicholas Russell Kirkland, 22, of the 700 block of Chamblin Road in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence on March 20, 2006, and was
sentenced to 60 days in jail.

Anthony Joseph Powledge, 24, of the 200 block of West Wynngate Drive in
Martinez, was charged with driving under the influence on March 5, 2006, and was
fined $810.

Eleazar Romera Flores, 21, of the 300 block of Applecross Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 11, 2006, and was fined $810.

Cori Joyce Lange, 19, of the 3300 block of Quaker Springs Road in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 10, 2006, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $835.

Willie Calhoun Still, 21, of the 100 block of Tymac Lane in Barnwell, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence on March 5, 2006, and was fined $810.

Carolyn Gilbert, 39, of the 100 block of East Armor Street in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 4, 2006, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and fined $810.

Howard Briggs, 52, of the 300 block of Country Glen Court in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Feb. 18, 2006, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $835.

James Richard Johnson III, 31, of the 100 block of Misty Woods Drive in
Grovetown, was charged with driving under the influence on April 1, 2006, and
was sentenced to 90 days in jail.

David Howell Wilkerson, 29, of the 3200 block of Kings View Court in Augusta,
was charged with driving under the influence on April 8, 2006, and was sentenced
to 60 days in jail.

Jared Landon Brown, 24, of the 1100 block of Hartford Trail in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Nov. 10, 2005, and was fined $810.

Michael Joseph McCoy, 45, of the 3400 block of Lewis Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 18, 2006, and was fined $810.

Benjamin Winston Lewis, 22, of the 4400 block of Deer Run in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on March 24, 2006, and was fined $810.

Benice Ann Simon, 48, of the 1300 block of Maple Leaf Court in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on March 25, 2006, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $1,224.

Randall James Odom III, 42, of the 300 block of Robinson Road in New Ellenton,
was charged with driving under the influence on March 19, 2006, and was fined
$835.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           September 2, 2003 Tuesday

No business like Pro business;

BYLINE: Billy WitzStaff Writer

SECTION: USC

LENGTH: 1917 words


On any given Saturday this fall, it's possible to drive to the Coliseum and
watch the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' defense. Or head to the Rose Bowl and see the
Denver Broncos' offense.

If the NFL is long gone from Los Angeles, it hasn't been forgotten - thanks to
USC coach Pete Carroll and UCLA coach Karl Dorrell.

Both coaches have worked in the NFL, and those around their programs say it's
not hard to spot the influence of their time with the pros.

The NFL footprints are evident beyond the schemes both coaches employ, according
to players and assistant coaches at both schools. Practices are crisp and
organized, players are held to a high standard, and the men running both
organizations have their hands in every facet of it.

A more visible clue is on their staffs.

Working at USC is receivers coach Lane Kiffin, son of Tampa Bay defensive
coordinator Monte Kiffin, who is Carroll's mentor. Meanwhile, UCLA's newest
graduate assistant is Kyle Shanahan, son of Denver Broncos coach Mike Shanahan,
whom Dorrell credits as his biggest influence. Influence heavy on Carroll If the
NFL influence is more pronounced at USC, then it should be. Carroll, in his
third season at USC, spent his 16 prior years as an NFL assistant, including two
stints as a head coach and two as a defensive coordinator.

"Where I am today is because I've been groomed through the competition you're up
against in the NFL," Carroll said.

Dorrell, in his first year as a head coach on any level, has made his brief pro
tenure count. He'd spent the past four years as the receivers coach with
Shanahan, one of the NFL's most respected offensive coaches.

"Pete's worked under a lot more organizations than I have, but the one I was
fortunate to work with was one of the best organizations in the league," Dorrell
said.

"There was a certain standard of excellence they were always expecting. They
were always going to try to be in a position to win the Super Bowl. I'm trying
to reach a standard of excellence here."

Monte Kiffin vividly remembers working under Lou Holtz at Arkansas in 1977 with
a graduate assistant who looked younger than his players sitting in the back of
the room without a peep while the coaches talked defense.

It took only a few days for Kiffin to realize Carroll was going places.

"Just his football awareness," said Kiffin, one of the NFL's most astute
defensive minds. "He always had that. I couldn't believe how sharp he was.

"He can visualize a scheme, a route - Jon Gruden's got the same thing. He's a
great technician and great with X's and O's."

Carroll and Kiffin talk frequently - Carroll also is on the phone with two other
defensive coordinators, Green Bay's Ed Donatell and Kansas City's Greg Robinson,
the latter who was a finalist for the UCLA job last year.

Kiffin has visited spring practice at USC the past two years. He and Carroll
discuss nuances in the 4-3 defense they both run, what might work against the
Washington Huskies and what might work against the Washington Redskins.

"I feed off him, he feeds off me," Kiffin said. "We're both from the same
system. It's not exactly the same, but it's close." No more sharing of secrets
Asked to explain some of the nuances of his defense, what makes it work beyond
having perennial Pro Bowlers such as Warren Sapp, Derrick Brooks and John Lynch,
Kiffin clams up. Trade secret, he said.

"It's a copycat league," Kiffin said. "I don't even talk about our philosophy."

All of this is not good news for Larry Kerr. He is UCLA's new defensive
coordinator, and he came to know Kiffin in his previous job at Colorado State
where another of Kiffin's sons, Chris, plays.

"We played a 4-3 similar to the old Miami defense, and we were looking to change
some subtleties," Kerr said. "Well, you always go to the best people who will
let you talk to them. With Monte, we had that connection, and he opened his
doors to us as a defensive staff."

Kerr knows he'll have to do it without help from Kiffin.

"Larry will do a great job," Kiffin said. "But I can't [share ideas] with him
anymore."

Kerr said, with a laugh: "Blood's thicker than water and his son's over at SC. I
wish he'd leave."

UCLA will show the same 4-3 look as the Buccaneers with an emphasis on cover-two
[two deep safeties] secondary coverage and zone blitzing, but will it be the
same?

Kerr said with the NCAA limit of 20 hours a week coaches can spend with players,
it won't be as complex as the system the Bucs run. The same goes for the
offense, which Dorrell is taking from the Broncos and handing to offensive
coordinator Steve Axman.

Former coach Bob Toledo's offense featured an I-formation running attack and
deep passing game.

Dorrell's features more zone running plays, a horizontal passing game and makes
use of two players who were previously ornamental, the tight end and fullback.

"Toledo's scheme was pretty complicated, too, but this is a lot of information
to handle and it's new," receiver Ryan Smith said. "This is great for the
receivers. This gives you a chance to make somebody miss."

How much his players can handle is one of the things the first-year coach will
have to sort out.

"You've got to feel it," Dorrell said. "You're watching your team and all of a
sudden the fast play becomes the not-so-fast play. It's playing way more
tentative. You're probably pushing too hard in terms of learning and you have to
back off."

Some coaches, Axman for one, believe USC's defense, which has led the Pacific-10
Conference in scoring defense the past two seasons, will be easier to figure out
now that Carroll is on his third trip through the conference. As more defensive
coordinators such as Kerr study it and implement it, more clues on how to beat
it will be unlocked.

"The thing I saw is that they played a package that wasn't played by anybody
else in the conference," said Axman, the quarterbacks coach at Washington the
past two seasons. "Will it be a great advantage this year? Probably not, because
people have seen it, and coaches who have seen a good thing will probably copy
it."

Carroll, though, smiles at these thoughts.

"We're coaching our scheme exactly the same way I coached the 49ers and the
Patriots," Carroll said. "We're doing it exactly like what we were doing before
and we've been able to go to the depths of it, too. That's been really exciting
for me."

And as for other coaches getting to know him, Carroll said it's a two-way
street.

"When you play teams twice a year in the division, you know guys well," Carroll
said of the NFL. "It's kind of a closed shop. I knew every guy on every roster.

"When I first got here, I didn't know Oregon's roster. I didn't know UCLA's
roster. I didn't recognize an opportunity to take advantage of the knowledge.

"Not only do we know the guys on the roster now, but we know the guys coming
into their school from recruiting." Pac-10's propensity Dorrell and Carroll are
not in an exclusive club. Half the head coaches in the Pac-10 this season have
coached in the NFL, including two - Oregon State's Mike Riley and Arizona's John
Mackovic - who have been head coaches in the NFL. Washington coach Keith
Gilbertson was an assistant with the Seahawks.

Football might be football, but there are more differences than narrower hash
marks.

"My first year, I went up in the press box and charted secondary coverages in
our first exhibition game," said Gilbertson, who was also an assistant with the
Los Angeles Express of the USFL. "At halftime, there were 14 or 15 different
coverages. In college, teams typically play four or five coverages an entire
game. I'm thinking, 'Gee whiz. This is the real deal.' "

If there is one aspect of their NFL experience that has influenced Carroll and
Dorrell as coaches it is the attention to detail the NFL requires.

"Three years at the pro level is like eight to 10 years of college," Shanahan
said. "You learn things a lot quicker. The great offensive coaches like Karl
also know defenses."

In essence, the NFL is like a graduate program - there are no electives, no
language or math requirements. Just the field of study, in this case a football
field.

"In college you have a lot of other responsibilities, particularly for assistant
coaches," Dorrell said. "You're recruiting, making sure they're going to school.
Sometimes a kid isn't doing well because he broke up with his girlfriend.

"In the NFL, you're really studying football 100 percent of the time. You see
things probably a little bit more. That's what I benefited from in Mike
Shanahan's program, who was a very detail-oriented person, getting a feel for
what he's looking at when he's studying the game."

At USC there is a two-word answer for those who think finding a winning coach is
as simple as cherry-picking the NFL: Paul Hackett.

In fact, looking to the NFL is a mixed bag for colleges.

While Carroll has transformed USC from a middling Pac-10 school to a
national-title contender in two seasons, Hackett's tenure was rife with lack of
discipline, discontent and, ultimately, too many defeats.

For those who have succeeded, such as Carroll, Dennis Erickson at Oregon State
and Tyrone Willingham at Stanford, there have been many who failed, such as
Hackett at Pitt and USC, Mackovic at Texas and Arizona, and Bill Walsh and John
Robinson in their second stints at Stanford and USC, respectively.

Moreover, the coaches of the year in the Pac-10 the past two seasons - Oregon's
Mike Bellotti and California's Jeff Tedford - have never coached in the NFL. 'A
different dimension' When UCLA athletic director Dan Guerrero went searching for
a new football coach last December, he honed in on three candidates - Dorrell,
Riley and Greg Robinson - whose resumes had little in common except for one
thing:

All were coaching in the NFL.

"All things being equal, then you start looking at intangibles," Guerrero said.
"[One is] does the person have experience that would be a benefit to our players
and prospects? All three of these guys, the fact that they were NFL coaches,
added a different dimension.

"It wasn't anything we were looking for definitely, but the way it panned out,
it added value to the decision to hire Karl."

The NFL experience, if it doesn't provide carte blanche, at least carries some
cache with the players.

"Obviously he worked hard to get up there and be successful," said UCLA
cornerback Matt Ware, a junior with designs on an NFL career. "That means a lot
to me."

Yet, players today expect more from a coach than preaching. They expect an
explanation - NFL pedigree or not.

USC cornerback Marcell Allmond worked with Hackett, a longtime NFL offensive
coordinator, as a receiver and now receives tutelage from Carroll on the other
side of the ball.

"[Carroll] wants you to understand what he's thinking," Allmond said. "He'll
tell you why we're doing this or that. We have to know why. You can't play like
machines."

Like Allmond, defensive-line coach Ed Orgeron worked for Hackett, too. The
difference is as clear as their personalities - the often dour Hackett and the
perpetually perky Carroll.

"It's like night and day," Orgeron said. "He jumped into this, knew the power of
USC and captured it. He's with us, not above us. He's not always giving orders.
He'll say, 'Hey, what do you think?' He has no problem going to [assistant
coaches]. Then he gathers all the information and makes a decision."

In other words, he's handled it like a pro.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 7, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Doctors, on Offensive, Form H.M.O.'s

BYLINE: By MILT FREUDENHEIM

SECTION: Section D;  Page 1;  Column 3;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1360 words


Doctors, on the defensive in recent years as employers and insurers sought to
control medical costs, are starting to fight back against the growing sway of
insurance and health care companies over the practice of medicine. And in a
challenge to health maintenance organizations and other insurers, a small but
growing number of physicians are leapfrogging the middleman by offering to sell
their services directly to employers.

The doctors insist that they, rather than insurers, can do the best job of
protecting the interest of patients while providing the economical care that the
public demands.

Seeking greater influence with health care buyers, physicians across the country
organized hundreds of new medical groups in the last two years, abandoning their
old individual and two-doctor practices.

Now some doctors are going even further to gain influence in the marketplace. In
New Jersey, 3,500 doctors recently contributed $5,000 each to raise $17.5
million to organize their own health maintenance organization. About 200 doctors
in El Paso County joined last year to form the El Paso Community Health Plan,
which has just announced an agreement with a Levi Strauss plant in El Paso to
treat job-related injuries. The Holzer Clinic, based in Gallipolis in
southeastern Ohio, which has 80 doctors, has a contract with the local
operations of the Federal-Mogul Corporation, an automobile parts maker.

One of the biggest and best-known doctor-run groups, the Mayo Clinic, has
provided care for Deere & Company workers in Iowa and Illinois since 1993, and
last year it enrolled 8,000 I.B.M. employees in Rochester, Minn., Mayo's home
base.

In the New York metropolitan region, the Long Island Physician Holdings
Corporation is planning a new doctor-owned H.M.O. "We're the people who provide
the care," Dr. Rosario J. Romano, a board member, said. "We would like to have
some control over our own destiny."

Even doctors who are not contracting directly with employers now recognize that
they must form groups to survive. "Individual doctors don't stand a chance,"
said James C. Robinson, a professor of health economics at the University of
California at Berkeley. "The future is in the large capitated medical group,"
which accepts a monthly per capita fee for everybody it covers. "It can bargain
as equals with the H.M.O.'s," Professor Robinson said.

Dr. Peter Kongstvedt, a partner at Ernst & Young, the accountants and benefits
consulting firm, said the per capita deals were "the way for physicians to lock
in business and profit margins." He added, "Then those physicians who succeed
under comprehensive capitation can be very big winners."

Some of these groups have been so successful that they have received buyout
offers from some of the same health care giants that many doctors are dodging.
In Connecticut,

M.D. Health Plan doctors are considering a $101 million offer from Health
Systems International, a big California-based H.M.O. That would be a huge
windfall for members of the Connecticut state medical society, who started the
North Haven group with a $5 million investment in 1987. But the doctors would
also be giving up control.

And Bridgeport doctors who have a majority of the shares of Physicians Health
Services announced recently that they were seeking to put the company up for
sale.

"Physician-owned H.M.O.'s are continually being propositioned" with big-money
takeover offers from health care companies, said Dr. Jacque J. Sokolov, a Los
Angeles-based consultant who is working with an American Medical Association
program that encourages doctors to run their own show.

Many group practices are acquiring the ability to largely duplicate services
generally provided by H.M.O.'s. These include eliminating wasteful practices,
taking the financial risk of per capita contracts, and rewarding physicians for
keeping costs down.

But it can take millions to start an H.M.O., which requires an expensive
computer information system to project costs, keep track of performance and
handle billing. The American Medical Association said recently that it would
provide help in obtaining capital for doctors who want to organize medical
groups, joint ventures with hospitals or start a doctor-controlled health
maintenance organization.

A growing number of medical groups are making deals with health care management
companies to handle business chores that many doctors say are daunting. For a
fee and share of profits, companies such as the Caremark Corporation, Phycor
Inc., Pacific Physician Services and Coastal Healthcare Group provide financing,
legal services and access to information systems. They often negotiate contracts
with the health plans and hospitals.

Lawrence Marsh, an analyst with Wheat First Securities in Richmond, said the
physician management business had tripled in the last three years. He said
publicly held physician companies would report $1.4 billion in 1994 revenues and
privately held companies had $1.1 billion to $1.6 billion in revenues.

State medical societies in 21 states are organizing physician networks, H.M.O.'s
or other types of managed care groups. The state society in Florida recently
sold a 40 percent minority interest in a new physician network to Coastal
Healthcare for $7 million in start-up money and working capital.

To be sure, the overwhelming majority of medical groups still work with or for
health maintenance organizations and other insurer middlemen. Many big employers
prefer to deal with intermediaries that can bargain with individual doctors and
hospitals. "We are not interested in being in that business," Helen Darling, a
corporate benefits planner for Xerox, said.

The GTE Corporation, for example, set up its own doctor network in San Angelo,
Tex., and brought Travelers in to administer the network," George Crowling, a
GTE regional benefits manager in Dallas, said.

The insurance companies obviously have a different view of doctor-owned
H.M.O.'s. "The system works best when insurance companies and doctors are
partners," said Dr. William C. Roper, chief medical officer of the Prudential
Health Care System.

"Relationships with doctors are fragile and need to be carefully tended," he
added. "The living together in a happy marriage doesn't come by accident."

Existing health maintenance organizations hardly welcome doctor-owned H.M.O.'s
as competitors, either. In California, where H.M.O.'s are powerful, two big
medical groups backed off their plans to start their own health maintenance
organizations after existing H.M.O.'s threatened to stop using affiliated
physicians.

"We didn't think it was worth going to war over," said Dr. Albert Barnett, chief
executive of the Friendly Hills Healthcare Network.

Seeking to avert just this type of problem, Long Island Physician Holdings asked
for a preliminary opinion from the State Attorney General's office, said Jay
Kossman, senior vice president of Nextstage Healthcare Management, a Roslyn,
L.I., company that is helping the doctors organize an H.M.O. "We were told that
if physicians were dropped from a network because they are in another network,
it would violate the Federal antitrust laws," he said.

But it works both ways. A group that has exclusive deals with too many doctors
in a region may also be taken to court. In a closely watched case, United
Wisconsin Services, a for-profit Blue Cross plan based in Milwaukee, brought
charges of civil antitrust violations against the Marshfield Clinic, a
physician-owned group in central Wisconsin. United Wisconsin said Marshfield had
effectively barred it from doing business in the region by signing up most of
the doctors there.

A jury in Federal District Court in Madison recently awarded $48 million in
treble damages to United Wisconsin. A spokesman for Marshfield said it would
appeal.

The Mayo Clinic, which has acquired clinics in nearby western Wisconsin, is
taking no chances. "The network is being developed so there will be ample
competition," Dr. Michael O'Sullivan, chairman of Mayo's regional practice
board, said. "We don't look to dominating the entire region and acquiring all
the practices."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Seeking to gain influence in the health care market, some
doctors are forming their own organizations to sell services to employers. About
200 doctors in El Paso County formed one such group. Among them were, from left,
Thomas L. Pester, Hector L. Franco, Marcia B. Smith and John M. Tune. (Bruce
Berman for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Pennsylvania: People of Point Park: Kevin Kauffman, '09 - Making movies in L.A.

LENGTH: 333 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: Point Park University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the
following news release:







 2015 PPP KaufmannDegree Earned: B.A. in Cinema and Digital Arts

 Class Year: 2009

 Current Occupation: Producer

 Employer: Experiment Media

 Current Hometown: Culver City, CA

 Clubs, hobbies, Interests while on campus: United Student Government and the
John P. Harris Society

 Eat, sleep, work



 When not making movies, Kevin Kauffman, '09, is busy trying new foods, going to
the beach and hanging with his fianc&eacute;e, Cassie Shafer, '09. But he is
rarely not making movies. "I really just eat, sleep and work. I spend my days
working for a company called Experiment Media producing, editing, and directing
-- pretty much making movies or trying to make movies.&rdquo;





 Kevin has worked on various projects, including "The Bridge to Nowhere" and
"Todd vs. High School," and is currently working on the movie "Popular." He has
also worked on music videos for rapper and Pittsburgh native Wiz Khalifa.

 Who is your biggest influence?



 &ldquo;My grandfather had a big influence on me. I am not that similar to him
at first glance, but I think I took more from him that I ever realized. He
actually taught photography and was a really good photographer. I think a lot of
my interest in that was from his influence.&rdquo;

 'I thought I knew more than I really did'



 When it comes to regrets, Kevin thinks about missed opportunities to learn
more. &ldquo;There was a period in my life where I thought I knew more than I
really did. At that point, I sort of framed the way I looked at everything and
in that process, I skipped over a lot of stuff that I could have learned. I
didn't realize what I was doing until after the fact. I am now open to the fact
that we are always learning and you can always get better at everything. I
neglected how important that was before.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday

Union City man gets state prison in 5 DUI cases

BYLINE: Lisa Thompson, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


May 24--A Union City man has been sentenced to two years and three months to
four and a half years in state prison after he pleaded guilty in Erie County
Court to charges stemming from five DUI arrests that occurred within a
four-month period.

Warren T. Fahey, 42, must also pay court costs and fines, President Judge Ernest
J. DiSantis Jr. said.

The sentence came after Fahey pleaded guilty Thursday to three misdemeanor
counts of driving under the influence of alcohol, one misdemeanor count of
driving under the influence of a controlled substance, one felony count of
fleeing and eluding and two summary traffic violations, according to court
records.

In exchange for his plea, the Erie County District Attorney's Office dropped
multiple counts, including possession of drug paraphernalia and driving under
the influence of a controlled substance.

According to court records, the first two cases against Fahey came just hours
apart on Aug. 3 in Union City. State police charged Fahey with driving under the
influence at 3:47 a.m. at the intersection of Fourth and West High streets and
again at 5:33 a.m. at the same location.

On Sept. 1 while Fahey was awaiting a preliminary hearing on the first two sets
of charges, police said Fahey led several police departments on a chase that
passed through Lawrence Park Township, Erie and Summit Township before crashing
his pickup at about 12:39 a.m. on Route 97 in Summit Township. The arresting
officer noted that Fahey had glassy eyes and slurred speech. There were 10 cans
of Hamm's beer in the truck's cab and an open 12-ounce can of Milwaukee's Best
Ice beer, police said.

Fahey was charged via a criminal complaint on Sept. 16 and arraigned and
released on his own recognizance on Sept. 18, according to court records. Six
days later on Sept. 24, he was again arrested for DUI, this time at the
intersection of Lowe and Arbuckle roads in Amity Township by state police,
according to court records.

He was arraigned on Oct. 18 and placed in the Erie County Prison on $100,000
bond. He posted bond on Oct. 23.

On Nov. 25, Union City police arrested Fahey a final time on DUI charges on East
High Street in Union City. Police also accused Fahey of driving with a marijuana
metabolite in his blood, but that was among the charges that were dropped. His
bond was revoked, and he awaited the remaining court proceedings in the Erie
County Prison.

LISA THOMPSON can be reached at 870-1802 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNthompson.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140524-EI-Union-City-man-gets-state-prison-in-5-DUI-cases-0524-20140524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2012 Monday

Jackson County St. Patrick's Day DUII arrests No. 2 in state

BYLINE: Damian Mann, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 334 words


March 19--St. Patrick's Day proved unlucky for Jackson County, which had the
second-highest number of driving under the influence of intoxicants arrests out
of eight areas patrolled by the Oregon State Police.

The Central Point office of the OSP reported three driving under the influence
arrests between noon Saturday and 4 a.m. Sunday. That was the same amount as the
Portland office.

But that number was topped by Medford police officers, who took eight people
into custody for driving under the influence of intoxicants on St. Patty's
night. Last year, Medford police officers arrested seven.

Only the OSP in Albany surpassed Medford and Portland with four arrests for
driving under the influence.

Of the 23 DUII arrests reported on the night of March 17, 18 occurred between
midnight and 4 a.m.

"On a major holiday weekend, it is not unusual," OSP Lt. Gregg Hastings said.

Last year, St. Patrick's Day fell on a Thursday, and OSP troopers reported 16
driving under the influence of intoxicants arrests during the same 16-hour
period.

The OSP offices in Springfield, Bend and La Grande all had two driving under the
influence arrests each.

OSP troopers reported three confirmed fatalities in two separate traffic crashes
over the weekend, though no information indicates alcohol was a factor. "It
could take several weeks before toxicology reports come back," Hastings said.

A woman died Saturday when she lost control on a slippery stretch of Highway 22,
west of Dallas, and collided head-on with another vehicle, injuring two others,
according to the OSP.

Two men died and a woman was critically injured Saturday in a two-vehicle
head-on crash on Highway 20, west of Bend, the OSP reported.

Last year on St. Patrick's Day, there were two fatal crashes in the state. In
the previous four years, Oregon didn't have any traffic deaths in the areas
patrolled by the OSP.

___ (c)2012 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120319-ME-Jackson-County-St-Patrick-s-Day-DUII-arrests-No-2-in-state-0319-2012
0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2012 Mail Tribune


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday

Our View: Iowa isn't the place to winnow candidates

BYLINE: Robb Murray, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 481 words


Dec. 18--The first real presidential showdown will be happening in fewer than
three weeks when Iowa will hold its caucus. For the Republican candidates,
there's a lot riding on this electoral event -- perhaps too much.

Political scientist Caroline Tolbert argues in her recently published book, "Why
Iowa?" that the state's outcome is not reflective of other states; yet it has a
major influence on the presidential nomination.

It receives huge amounts of attention that is unlike any other election. More
than half of the caucus goers say they have personally met the candidates. How
many other voters can claim that amount of attention? Armies of political
journalists and analysts report to the nation regularly on the views of Iowans,
the outcome of which may influence how other voters feel about the candidates.

A stale political joke that makes its way around this time of year is "Iowans
pick corn, New Hampshire picks presidents." While that may have been true in the
1980s and '90s, lately that's not correct. In the last three presidential
election years, Iowa picked Al Gore in 2000, John Kerry in 2004 and Barack Obama
in 2008. That shows an awful lot of misappropriated influence in our nation's
leadership potential.

"Why Iowa" contends voters in that state respond better to volunteer-driven
campaigns more so than political advertising. Again, that is unusual for the
rest of the nation. The counter argument that does carry some weight is with all
the attention paid to Iowa, those voters get a tremendous amount of information
from which to make their decisions. But again, that's not the same opportunity
granted to voters, say, in our state.

Iowa represents Iowa. U.S. News & World Report observed that Iowa has fewer
minorities than the rest of the nation, its unemployment rate is far lower, it
has no union presence (save education) to speak of and it has no major urban
areas. It doesn't have the same values, experiences or makeup of New York,
California, Florida, Illinois or Montana.

The American University's Center for the Study of the American Electorate notes
that caucus goers represent about 0.05 percent of the national electorate.
That's a minuscule amount of representation for a state that is smaller in
population than the Minneapolis-St. Paul metro area. The amount of influence
that state has in winnowing out a presidential field by sheer media attention
and political funding is clearly overweighted.

We all need to keep that in mind going forward. Iowa may be the first selecting
state, but it should not be the last. We all need to continue paying attention
to all the candidates, especially this year with the highly mercurial popularity
polls unclear on who is a "front runner" in the Republican field.

___ (c)2011 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111218-FP-Our-View-Iowa-isn-t-the-place-to-winnow-candidates-1218-20111218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2011 The Free Press


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 4, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 870 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

David Wineinger reported Sunday the $130 theft of a Quantom garage door opener
and$300 damage to the driver-side window of a 2004 Toyota Camry parked at St.
Pius in the 600 block of East Haycraft Avenue.

Kootenai County sheriff

Daniel Alfson, Hayden, reported Friday the $800 theft of an HP laptop, $1,800
cash, $2,000 worth of jewelry and the $5worth of orange juice from a residence
in the 15600 block of North Boot Hill Road in Hayden.

Richard Snyder, Hayden, reported Thursday the $400 theft of jewelry, the $400
theft of a Sony Handycam camcorder and the $250 theft of an Olympus digital
camera from a residence in the 600 block of East Rookery Road in Hayden.

Ronald Crane, Worley, reported Thursday $1,000 damage to a garage door at a
residence in the 11000 block of West Vogel Road in Worley.

Michael Cavallaro, Hauser Lake, reported Saturday$500 damage to four Les Schwab
radial tires on a utility trailer parked at a residence in the 17600 block of
West Rice Avenue in Hauser Lake.

Lynn Cottrill reported Friday the $600 theft of a Townie bicycle and the $40
theft of a Thule bike rack from a vehicle parked at the Coeur d'Alene Casino on
the 37900 block of South Nukwalqw Road in Worley.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Fred Gibler

Letitia N. Wegner, 49, Post Falls; petty theft; $200 fine, 180 days in jail (168
suspended), two years probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Theodore G. Graham, 57, Missoula; driving under the influence (second offense);
$2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), 365 days in jail (305 suspended), 365 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Denzal C. Ashford, 20, Livermore, Calif.; provided false information to an
officer, government agencies or specified professionals; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 suspended), two years probation.

Judge Barry Watson

Matthew A. Hindberg, 39, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (150 suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Yuri Raper, 23, Los Angeles; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (170 suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Gary A. Neff, 31, Post Falls; driving under the influence (excessive); $2,000
fine ($1,000 suspended), 365 days in jail (331 suspended), 365 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

James R. Sandberg, 29, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (173 suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jerald D. Elliott, 28, Spokane; operating watercraft under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (179 suspended), two years probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Matthew J. Harrington, 39, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $300
fine,five days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Steve H.N. Van Rossum, 22, Rathdrum; possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; 90 days in jail (85 suspended) or 24 hours county work program,
two years probation.

Robert M. Reynolds, 21, Rathdrum; possession of drug paraphernalia with intent
to use; $500 fine ($250 suspended), 90 days in jail (80 suspended) or 40 hours
county work program, two years probation.

Civil complaints

Daniel Wisniewski v. Boat World, plaintiff seeking $3,000.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Raymond Doney and Lacey Doney, plaintiff
seeking $1,258.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Shannon Hart Kidd, plaintiff seeking $4,105.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Stephanie Speziale and Troy Speziale,
plaintiff seeking $1,447.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Melanie Bouldin, plaintiff seeking $2,073.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Buck Slover and Amanda Slover, plaintiff
seeking $1,713.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jodee Stensgaard, plaintiff seeking $6,158.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Justin Reis, plaintiff seeking $1,700.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Phillip Rettstatt and Teresa Rettstatt, plaintiff
seeking $2,301.

Linda Cook and Thomas Cook v. North Idaho Day Surgery LLC dba Northwest
Specialty Hospital, plaintiff seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

CBS Collections Inc. v. Cameron Griggs, plaintiff seeking $2,562.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Debra Creamer, plaintiff awarded $6,617.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brittany Wilber, plaintiff awarded $4,230.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ashley Richardson, plaintiff awarded $1,346.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jack Corder, plaintiff awarded $13,649.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Corey Candler, plaintiff awarded $10,444.

Civil dismissals

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Alicia Lannen.

Capital One Bank v. David Yourczek.

Capital One Bank v. Diane Rodacker.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Stanley King.

GMAC Inc v. RJH Investments and Robert Howard.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Katy Jo Rogers.

Divorces sought

Tonna M. Minegar from Marc A. Minegar.

Lindsay D. Adams from Timothy J. Adams.

Mark R. Unruh from Pamela J. Unruh.

James A. Fulton from Michelle M. Fulton.

Courtney Jean Marie Black from James G. Black.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            November 21, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 870 words


NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE EUGENE MARANO

Richard G. Easley, 41, Athol; resisting/ obstructing officers; 60 days in jail.

JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON

Brian K. Sheeran, 40, Coeur d'Alene; unlawful entry; five days in jail.

Leroy S. Wilske, 34, Hayden; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days in
jail (175 days suspended) or 24 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE SCOT NASS

Joseph D. Barber, 29, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $600 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (166 days suspended, 14 days credited), 90 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

Jeremy M. Self, 25, Spokane; invalid driver's license; $300 fine, 14 days in
jail or proof of valid driver's license.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Tyrell K. Darlington, 20, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 90
days in jail (85 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

JUDGE JAMES STOW

Kevin C. Jackson, 22, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Joshua L. Wiltsie, 23, Post Falls; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $200 fine, $100 restitution to state lab, 90 days in jail (75
days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, one year probation.

Joshua P. Wikoff, 20, Post Falls; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $1,000 fine ($900 suspended), $100 restitution to state lab, one
year in jail (335 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

Chad M. Hauser, 35, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; $1,000 fine ($500 suspended),
one year in jail (350 days suspended) or 120 days county work program, two years
probation.

Sean T. Sullivan, 25, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: driving under the influence;
$1,000 fine, 180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail
time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation. Count II:
driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days in jail (140 days suspended),
30 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Ryan D. Pfeiffer, 26, Post Falls; driving without privileges; $500 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Joey R.C. Vallee, 28, Plummer; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days
in jail (178 days suspended, two days credited), two years probation, 90 days
driver's license suspension..

Guy R. Ravsten, 41, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (165 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Gary M. Niedurny, 46, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; $1,000 fine ($750 suspended),
one year in jail (355 days suspended), two years probation.

Wade K. Dabill, 25, Post Falls; driving without privileges; $500 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Joseph A. Lininger, 42, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Joseph R. Latty, 27, Coeur d'Alene; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), $100 restitution to state lab, one
year in jail (350 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years
probation.

JUDGE FRED GIBLER

Marc W. Fisher, 42, Spirit Lake; driving with an invalid driver's license; $500
fine, 180 days in jail (95 days suspended, 65 days credited), 20 days
unscheduled jail time, one year probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Capital One Bank USA v. Shawn Grigg, seeking $2,442.

Citibank South Dakota N.A. v. Elizabeth Morzewski, seeking $12,849.

Citibank South Dakota N.A. v. Gudrun Marek, seeking $20,662.

Capital One Bank USA v. Brittany Bush, seeking $4,671.

Capital One Bank USA v. Joy Harmon, seeking $1,740.

Discover Bank v. Willie Morris, seeking $10,087.

Palisades Collection LLC v. Ernest Lansford, seeking $1,650.

Capital One Bank USA v. Matthew Logan, seeking $1,226.

HSBC Bank Nevada N.A. v. Ronald Burnsworth, seeking $2,947.

Capital One Bank v. Thomas Brown, seeking $1,645.

Capital One Bank v. Denise Anderson, seeking $4,150.

Carson Antrim v. Charles Brown and Lori Brown, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kathy Loudin, plaintiff awarded $2,524.

Amendola, Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Denise Aparicio, fka Denise Melton,
plaintiff awarded $1,901.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Mark Swenson, plaintiff awarded $2,837.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Dan Hines, plaintiff awarded $1,800.

Beneficial Idaho Inc. v. John and Christine Elmose, plaintiff awarded $14,251.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Tyler Stensland and Alaina Stensland,
plaintiff awarded $1,128.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Capital One Bank v. Steven Messer.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Kelly Delaney.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Anxious GOP Focuses on Not Losing Senate;
Tight Races in Va., Mo. and Tenn. Seen as Crucial;
House Outlook Remains Grim

BYLINE: Charles Babington and Jonathan Weisman, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A Section; A04

LENGTH: 1195 words


Republicans entered the campaign's final weekend yesterday desperately trying to
keep control of the Senate, with three or four tossup races likely to determine
whether the GOP can cling to power there even as it sees its hold on the House
eroding.

Strong public opposition to the Iraq war continues to hurt Republicans in many
key races, but the Bush administration struck a defiant tone, signaling that the
election results will not influence its strategy. Tuesday's balloting might
influence Congress, Vice President Cheney said in an interview with ABC News,
"but the president's made clear what his objective is. It's victory in Iraq. And
it's full speed ahead on that basis. And that's exactly what we're going to do."

Cheney was responding in part to sharp criticism launched in a Vanity Fair
article by two of the Iraq invasion's strongest advocates: Richard N. Perle of
the Pentagon's Defense Policy Board Advisory Committee and former Pentagon
official Kenneth Adelman. Perle said the administration's war policy had become
dysfunctional, adding: "You have to hold the president responsible. . . . I
don't think he realized the extent of the opposition within his own
administration, and the disloyalty."

With polls showing that the war may strongly influence many voters' decisions,
analysts in both parties agreed that Missouri, Virginia and Tennessee are the
keys to controlling the 100-member Senate, where Democrats need to gain six
seats to claim the majority. Nonpartisan handicappers said few undecided voters
remain in those advertisement-drenched states.

Analysts yesterday gave a slight advantage to Republican nominee Bob Corker in
Tennessee  --  largely because he is not an incumbent  --  and to Democrat James
Webb in Virginia, because Sen. George Allen (R) has failed to lock up his
reelection in this anti-GOP environment. The final, crucial card could fall in
Missouri, they said, where Sen. James M. Talent (R) and Democratic challenger
Claire McCaskill have been neck and neck for weeks, unable to break away despite
massive spending on positive and negative TV ads and jockeying over a
contentious ballot initiative.

Democrats "should pick up five to seven seats," said Stuart Rothenberg, who
writes a nonpartisan political newsletter from Washington. If he had to guess,
he said, "I expect the Democrats to win six seats," but the outcome is far from
certain.

The picture in the House remains grim for Republicans, with analysts from both
parties predicting that Democrats will pick up the 15 seats they need for the
majority, and possibly twice that number. The Senate, once thought beyond the
Democrats' reach, is the focal point of the campaign's final sprint.

With Democrats slightly favored to knock off Republican senators in Rhode Island
and Montana  --  and more solidly favored in Pennsylvania and Ohio  --  the
party that wins two of the three tossup states should prevail, the analysts
said. Maryland and Michigan are conceivable Republican upsets, and Arizona
possibly could fall to Democrats, but most handicappers consider such results
unlikely.

President Bush made two stops yesterday in Missouri for Talent, who has tried
for weeks to pull away from McCaskill, the state auditor. Bush told crowds in
Springfield and Joplin that he needs Talent to help him stop Democrats from
raising taxes, blocking conservative judges, undermining counterterrorism
efforts and retreating from Iraq. He said Democrats have no plan for victory
over terrorists, adding a call-and-response riff to his basic stump speech.

"If you happen to bump into a Democrat candidate, you might want to ask this
simple question: 'What's your plan?' " the president said. "If they say they
want to protect the homeland but oppose the Patriot Act, ask them this question:
'What's your plan?' " The crowds echoed his refrain.

The president plans to campaign for House and gubernatorial candidates through
Monday, but yesterday marked his last scheduled appearance with a senator in a
highly contested race. In some states, lawmakers from both parties agree that
Bush's visits hurt Republicans more than help them.

Bush's appearance in Missouri was meant to inspire more Republicans to vote
Tuesday, but a ballot initiative on stem cell research  --  which has drawn
extensive attention and spending  --  should benefit McCaskill, said Stephen S.
Smith, a political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis. The ballot
question would ensure that any form of stem cell research that is legal in the
United States cannot be restricted in Missouri. McCaskill supports the measure,
which has polled well, and Talent opposes it.

In Virginia, some handicappers feel that Webb, the Democratic challenger, has a
small advantage over Allen, whose campaign has suffered from several gaffes. "If
George Allen hasn't closed the sale yet," Rothenberg said, "it's going to be
hard for him to do it."

Republicans feel somewhat better about Tennessee, where Corker, the former
Chattanooga mayor, is battling Rep. Harold E. Ford Jr. (D) for an open seat.
Corker has a slim edge in some polls, Rothenberg said, and his non-incumbent
status could help him survive public displeasure with Bush and the
GOP-controlled Congress.

Republicans said it is too early to count out Sens. Lincoln D. Chafee of Rhode
Island and Conrad Burns of Montana, who have trailed by small margins in most
polls. Furthermore, Michigan's depressed economy and allegations of Democratic
corruption in New Jersey conceivably could topple Democratic incumbents in those
states, said Brian Nick, spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial
Committee. And unpredictable votes by African Americans could undo predictions
in Maryland, he said, where GOP nominee Michael S. Steele, who is black, is
running against Rep. Benjamin L. Cardin (D), who is white.

Sen. Charles E. Schumer (N.Y.), who chairs the Democratic Senatorial Campaign
Committee, said in an interview: "We're feeling pretty good  --  and nervous.
It's going to be real close."

For House Republicans, the political terrain appears to be eroding beneath their
feet, several analysts said. GOP seats that only a week ago seemed to be
solidifying  --  such as those held by Reps. Charles Bass in New Hampshire,
Marilyn Musgrave in Colorado, Melissa Hart in Pennsylvania, John E. Sweeney in
New York, Jim Ryun in Kansas, J.D. Hayworth in Arizona and Richard W. Pombo in
California  --  are turning very soft.

"The bottom just fell out," said Amy Walter, a House analyst at the nonpartisan
Cook Political Report. Her publication predicted yesterday that Republicans will
lose 20 to 35 seats. Rothenberg predicted a 34-to-40-seat Democratic gain. "The
House is gone," he said.

In various places, voters complained yesterday about a deluge of automated phone
calls from candidates and party committees, generating at least two Federal
Election Commission complaints from Democratic voters in Connecticut and
Pennsylvania. Some voters reported receiving up to seven calls per day,
including calls in the middle of the night.

Staff writers Peter Baker, Michael A. Fletcher and Shailagh Murray contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 6/15/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Franklin D. Looks Jr., 5420 Nursery Road, Dover; earned income tax; pleaded
guilty, paid fines and cost.

Ana Marie Zamot, 104 Silver Spur Drive, Apt. 104; earned income tax; pleaded
guilty, paid fines and cost.

Tina Matte, Diva's West, 1609 Rainbow Circle; mercantile/business privilege tax;
pleaded guilty, paid fines and cost.

Darryl L. Heverling, 891 E. Prospect St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance-schedule 1,
driving under the influence: controlled substance-combination of alcohol and
drugs; driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Roger P. Becker, 1724 E. Market St.; arson-danger of death/bodily injury,
criminal mischief-damage property, criminal trespasser-simple trespasser; waived
to court.

Vincent L. Drago, SCI Mahanoy, theft by deception-unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Tammy L. White, 1200 N. George St.; endangering the welfare of a child (3
counts); waived to court.

Timothy S. Jacobs Jr., 529 Smith St.; false identification to police; waived to
court.

Kyle D. Hitchens, 418 Draper Lane, Newark, Del.; robbery-inflict threat of
immediate bodily injury, burglary, simple assault, theft by unlawful taking,
conspiracy to commit robbery, conspiracy to commit burglary, conspiracy to
commit simple assault, conspiracy-theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Zachary A. Harlem, 318 W. Cottage Place; robbery, criminal conspiracy to commit
robbery, burglary, simple assault, theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property, defiant trespass; held for court.

Shawnta L. Ross, 1384 W. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely (2 counts), driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, accidents involving damage to unattended vehicle or
property; waived to court.

Elizabeth C. Fetrow, 701 Albright Ave.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jacob G. Grigsby, 1106 Mount Rose Ave., Apt. B; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered; waived to court.

Gregory S. Howard Sr., 1041 W. King St.; resisting arrest, disorderly conduct;
waived to court.

Robert Weaver Sr., 814 S. Duke St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              May 3, 2008 Saturday

blotter briefs

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a5

LENGTH: 672 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Ernest J. Jaramillo, 30, of Fort Collins, Colo. for driving under the influence
at 3:25 a.m. Friday at East 26th Street and House Avenue.

Matthew A. Lose, 28, of 1601 E. Lincolnway for public intoxication and
shoplifting at 1:22 a.m. Friday at 2032 Dell Range Blvd.

Michael W. Bean Jr., 37, transient, for public intoxication, unlawful entry into
a house and fighting or riotous conduct at 12:50 a.m. Friday at 1601 E. 12th St.

Zachary I. Crank, 19, of 708 W. First Ave. #1 for driving under the influence,
speeding and driving with an open container at 9:53 p.m. Thursday in the 1900
block of Central Avenue.

Brandon A. Oblander, 18, of 1603 Taft Ave. #322 for felony larceny at 6:31 p.m.
Thursday at 2032 Dell Range Blvd.

John M. Jacoby, 59, of 1118 Southwest Drive for driving under the influence and
driving without insurance at 2:29 a.m. Thursday at Fourth Street and Maxwell
Avenue.

Derrick V. Pacheco, 23, of 2500 Windwood Drive #203-C for driving under the
influence at 7:07 p.m. Wednesday in an alley in the 3600 block of Dey Avenue.

Wayne E. Rosson, 39, transient, for giving a false identity, criminal trespass
and criminal entry and on misdemeanor warrants for failure to pay and failure to
appear in court at 7 p.m. Wednesday at 1948 Garrett St.

David G. Bartlett, 32, of 1601 E. Lincolnway for assault and domestic battery
and domestic violence at 6:19 p.m. Wednesday at his residence.

Guy K. Andren, 46, of 4201 Parkhill Road for misdemeanor fraud and identity
theft at 3:22 p.m. Wednesday at the Cheyenne Police Department, 2020 Capitol
Ave.

Louisa G. Carlos, 23, of 5268 Fishing Bridge on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to appear at 8:32 a.m. Wednesday in the 5200 block of Fishing Bridge.

Josue Riveria, 29, of 4771 Cactus Way for two counts of refusing to obey at 7:10
a.m. Wednesday at 2110 E. 15th St.

Cody S. Gaines, 21, of 249 Hobbs Ave. on two misdemeanor warrants for failure to
appear in court and two counts of felony probation violation at 6:39 a.m.
Wednesday at 214 E. 23rd St.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Jose L. Mitchell, 20, of Box Elder, S.D. on felony warrants for larceny and
destruction of property at 11:19 p.m. Thursday at the Laramie County jail, 1910
Pioneer Ave.

Amanda L. Hairfield, 23, of 108 E. Pershing Blvd. on a misdemeanor out-of-county
warrant at 11:12 p.m. Thursday at Mountain Road and Dell Range Boulevard.

Ross B. Hammond, 33, of 996 Mallard Lane, Burns on a misdemeanor out-of-county
warrant and for misdemeanor probation violation at 11:12 p.m. Thursday at
Mountain Road and Dell Range Boulevard.

George L. Garcia Sr., 49, of 616 W. 24th St. for assault and domestic battery at
7:05 p.m. Thursday at East 21st Street and Logan Avenue.

Joshua D. Harris, 24, of 3400 S. Greeley Highway #68 on a misdemeanor warrant
for probation violation at 3:14 p.m. Thursday at 5250 Yellowstone Road.

Lori L. Broskey, 51, of Kimball, Neb. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to
pay at 3:38 a.m. Thursday at 3700 E. Lincolnway.

Paul H. Palomo, 27, of 1512 Foyer Ave. #B on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to appear in court at 7:47 p.m. Wednesday at the Laramie County Sheriff's
Department, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Louis G. Martinez, 65, of 310 E. 25th St. on misdemeanor warrants for failure to
comply and failure to appear in court at 12:43 p.m. Wednesday at his residence.

Gary W. Vonheeder Jr., 29, of 104 Erickson Court #C on a misdemeanor warrant for
violating a protection order at 11:27 a.m. Wednesday at the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service was:

Juan P. Quezada-Gamez, 44, of Cheyenne on an INS hold at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday in
Rawlins.

Blotter Briefs is a list of recent arrests compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE Editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 1, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CARTER ASSOCIATES STILL UNDER INQUIRY

BYLINE: By EDWARD T. POUND, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 930 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 31


While Jimmy Carter's Presidency has expired, Government investigators have still
not completed three separate criminal inquiries involving close associates of
the former President and his brother Billy.

The investigation of Billy Carter's financial relationship with the Government
of Libya is being conducted by the Justice Department and is expected to be
completed within a month, according to Federal law enforcement sources. So far,
the sources said, it seems likely that no criminal charges will be lodged
against Billy Carter or others involved in the affair.

A controversy developed last summer after it was disclosed that Billy Carter had
registered as a foreign agent for the Libyan Government and received $220,000
from the militant Arab country in North Africa. Mr. Carter characterized the
payments as a ''loan'' and insisted that he had never tried to influence
American policy in behalf of Libya.

The investigations of the former President's associates involve John C. White,
chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and Tim Kraft, a former senior
White House aide and Mr. Carter's national campaign manager.

Influence-Peddling Investigated

Mr. White is under investigation by Federal prosecutors and a grand jury in
Manhattan in connection with an influence-peddling arrangement allegedly
designed to benefit the Libyan Government, Robert L. Vesco, the fugitive
American financier, and others.

Mr. Kraft is being investigated by a special Federal prosecutor in New Orleans
on the basis of reports that he had used cocaine.  In the case involving Mr.
White, a Senate subcommittee turned up evidence last summer that the Libyan
Government considered making $15 million in secret payments to influence
American officials to release eight military transport planes purchased by Libya
in 1973. The State Department has refused to permit the shipment because of
Libyan support for terrorist groups.

According to a onetime informer for Federal prosecutors, Mr. White was the
principal target of the influence-peddling, said to have been concocted by Mr.
Vesco and several associates. Mr. White has denied any involvement in the
scheme.

Inquiry Is Nearly Complete

Nonetheless, Mr. White has been under investigation for possible perjury
relating to his testimony before the New York grand jury, Federal law
enforcement sources said. They have declined to speculate whether any charges
would be brought, but they said that the investigation was nearly complete.

Stuart F. Pierson, Mr. White's Washington attorney, said recently, ''We have
fully cooperated with prosecutors, and their conclusion should be that he is not
implicated and should not be charged.''

The inquiry has led to one conviction. James C. Day, a former Texas legislator,
pleaded guilty in New York late last year to a charge that he had conducted a
fraudulent scheme to act as a lobbyist for the Libyan Government. He admitted
that he had exaggerated the actions that would be taken for him by Mr. White, a
longtime political associate.

In the Kraft case, a special Federal prosecutor in New Orleans is investigating
allegations that the former White House aide used cocaine in August 1978 in New
Orleans and the following November in San Francisco. Mr. Kraft, who has denied
the allegations, stepped aside as Mr. Carter's campaign manager last September
after the appointment of the special prosecutor, Gerald J. Gallinghouse, was
disclosed.

Civil Suit Delays Inquiry

The inquiry could go on for several more months because Mr. Kraft's attorneys
filed a lawsuit in Federal District Court here charging that the special
prosecutor's law, created in 1978, was unconstitutional. Mr. Gallinghouse
suspended his grand jury inquiry in November, pending the outcome of the civil
suit.

Even though the civil suit has not been tried, Mr. Gallinghouse said last
Thursday that he hoped to resume the criminal inquiry by late next week and
complete his work by the end of February.

When he suspended the investigation, Mr. Gallinghouse informed the Federal judge
assigned to the civil case that he would not resume the inquiry without the
judge's approval. Mr. Gallinghouse said he planned to ask the judge next week to
permit him to resume the inquiry, and added that he would seek the consent of
Mr. Kraft's attorneys.

The Billy Carter investigation has been the most publicized and controversial of
the inquiries. It was started last summer by the Justice Department's office of
professional responsibility, headed by Michael E. Shaheen Jr.

Civiletti's Conduct Is Questioned

In addition to reviewing Billy Carter's involvement with Libya, Mr. Shaheen has
also been considering the conduct of former Attorney General Benjamin R.
Civiletti in the case, whether there was political interference with the
original department investigation and whether a special prosecutor should be
appointed.

In an interim report last November, Mr. Shaheen said that Billy Carter withheld
information and lied under oath. Mr. Carter had testified before a Senate
subcommittee investigating his ties to Libya, but Mr. Shaheen did not specify
when Mr. Carter allegedly lied in sworn testimony.

Mr. Shaheen declined to discuss his continuing inquiry. But law enforcement
sources said that, at this stage, the inquiry had not turned up evidence
sufficient to indict the former President's brother. They said that, after
interviewing more than 50 people, Mr.  Shaheen and his staff had several more
inquiries to make. They expect to complete the task in about a month and issue a
report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Long-shot senator may shape Clinton run;
With Sanders, progressive Democrats see chance to influence agenda

BYLINE: Daniel Dale Toronto Star Chief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Bernie Sanders ambled to the lectern, his face grim as ever.

"Let me, uh, just make a brief comment," Sanders said on the lawn of the U.S.
Capitol. "And be happy to take a few questions. We don't have an endless amount
of time."

Thus began his campaign for president.

The socialist sourpuss of the Senate is mounting a low-budget quest for the
Democratic nomination. Though he has previously run for office only as an
independent, a long-shot challenge to Hillary Clinton offers the 73-year-old
from Vermont an elevated platform to influence the national debate - and,
progressives hope, influence Clinton herself.

"Reading Facebook today, there's a lot of folks excited to have him into the
race," said Linda Nelson, Democratic chair in Pottawattamie County in Iowa, the
first state on the nomination calendar and a Sanders target. "It's exciting that
we're going to have a real horse race. It brings the best out of each one of our
candidates."

Sanders's chief causes are income inequality and a related concern: the
influence of big money-"the billionaire class" - on U.S. politics. He alleged
Thursday that billionaires are now "literally able to buy elections and
candidates."

Clinton, the overwhelming favourite for the nomination, is attempting to shore
up her left flank on both issues. She launched her campaign with a vow to tackle
inequality, a rare-for-her attack on CEO pay, and a declaration of support for a
constitutional amendment to ban "unaccountable" political spending.

Her cosiness with big business and big donors makes some of the party base
skeptical of her sincerity. And on other issues important to progressives, such
as the Canada-backed Keystone XL oil pipeline and the Trans-Pacific Partnership
trade negotiations in which Canada is involved, she has offered only silence or
vague non-positions.

Sanders, by contrast, unreservedly blasts both Keystone and the emerging trade
deal.

"I am helping right now to lead the effort against the Trans-Pacific
Partnership, because I believe it continues a trend of horrendous trade policies
which have cost us millions of decent-paying jobs," he said Thursday.

Joseph Palermo, a history professor at California State University Sacramento
who opposes the trade deal, said the Sanders candidacy could force an overdue
discussion of its merits.

"It's very important to have a debate about that because it's so little known.
The details have been largely hidden," Palermo said. "Sanders' criticisms will
be welcomed by organized labour in this country and all the environmental
protection activists." Clinton welcomed Sanders with a Twitter post. "I agree
with Bernie," she wrote. "Focus must be on helping America's middle class. GOP
would hold them back."

Clinton can afford magnanimity. In April opinion polls, she has led Sanders by
about 55 points.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Wyoming: Influence when you have no power or authority (Utah State Library)

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: Cheyenne


Wyoming Libraries has issued the following news release:

Influence when you have no power or authority (Utah State Library)
Tue, February 24, 12pm - 1pm
Calendar
Wyoming State Library Training Calendar
Created by
jamie.markus@wyo.gov
Description
Tuesday, Feb. 24 (12-1 pm) Influence when you have no power or authority (Utah
State Library) Regardless of whether you have a great deal of positional power
or authority or none at all, you can exert meaningful influence and help bring
about the future you prefer. Using proven techniques grounded in a simple model
of coaching, and practicing emotionally and socially intelligent behaviors, you
can learn to bring yourself into a state of greater resourcefulness, focus your
attention and energy, get into action, and exert purposeful influence in any
situation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Wyoming: Influence when you have no power or authority (Utah State Library)

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: Cheyenne


Wyoming Libraries has issued the following news release:

Influence when you have no power or authority (Utah State Library)
Tue, February 24, 12pm - 1pm
Calendar
Wyoming State Library Training Calendar
Created by
jamie.markus@wyo.gov
Description
Tuesday, Feb. 24 (12-1 pm) Influence when you have no power or authority (Utah
State Library) Regardless of whether you have a great deal of positional power
or authority or none at all, you can exert meaningful influence and help bring
about the future you prefer. Using proven techniques grounded in a simple model
of coaching, and practicing emotionally and socially intelligent behaviors, you
can learn to bring yourself into a state of greater resourcefulness, focus your
attention and energy, get into action, and exert purposeful influence in any
situation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

County Man Faces Charges;
After Wreck Kills One

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


A Mountville man is facing charges that include homicide by vehicle while
driving under the influence after a crash that killed a man and injured two
others in Maryland on Monday night.

Authorities said that a Cadillac driven by Stephen J. Bonafede, 26, crossed the
center line and struck a Toyota Corolla at 10:55 p.m. in Washington County,
according to The Record Herald newspaper in Waynesboro, Md.

A passenger in the Toyota, 19-year-old Luis Enrique Salazar-Reyna of
Williamsport, Md., was killed, according to the Washington County Sheriff's
Office.

The driver of the Toyota, Denise Elizabeth Baez, 22, of Hagerstown, Md., and her
3-year-old son were injured, the paper reported.

Baez was hospitalized in critical condition while her son was flown to
Children's National Medical Center in Washington, D.C. His condition wasn't
available Wednesday.

Bonafede was treated for minor injuries.

According to the Record Herald, Bonafede has been charged with one count each of
negligent manslaughter by vehicle, criminal negligent manslaughter by vehicle,
negligent vehicle homicide under the influence, negligent vehicle homicide while
impaired, driving a vehicle while under the influence of alcohol and driving a
vehicle while impaired by alcohol.

He also was charged with two counts each of causing life-threatening injuries
with a vehicle while under the influence and causing life-threatening injuries
by a vehicle while impaired.

Bonafede was released from the Washington County Detention Center on Tuesday in
lieu of $100,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 27, 2012



CORRECTION: The Record Herald newspaper is produced in Waynesboro, Pa. Its
location was incorrectly reported in a story in Thursday's edition.

GRAPHIC: Stephen Bonafede

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

USA trying to retain influence in Kyrgyzstan, limit Russia's power - pundit

LENGTH: 527 words


Excerpt from report by corporate-owned Russian news agency Interfax

Moscow, 14 April: The USA is trying to retain its influence in Kyrgyzstan and
[is trying] not to allow the strengthening of Russia's positions in the region,
Andrey Grozin, head of the Central Asia department at the Institute of CIS
Countries, believes.

"The Americans are promising Kyrgyzstan assistance but they understand that they
have fallen behind Russia. With the advent of the new authorities to Washington,
it will be necessary to do everything all over again, which means a loss of
time, resources, pace and, possibly, a loss of influence in the long term,"
Grozin told Interfax today.

"The Americans are trying to retain previously-won positions by means of
limiting Russian influence. Naturally, Russia is not interested in American
expansion in the zone of its historical and national interests," the expert
said.

"Whatever is said about some new relations between Washington and Moscow, in my
view, too many officials in Russia and the USA are seeing the situation in
Central Asia as a continuation of some versions of a big geopolitical game," the
political scientist said.

He also noted that the USA was not ready for such a version of the development
of events in Kyrgyzstan: "Judging by the urgency with which this visit by Mr
[Robert] Blake (Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
- Interfax) was organized, who was prepared for this trip very quickly, the
events in Kyrgyzstan were, undoubtedly, a shock and surprise for America,"
Grozin said. [Passage omitted]

Grozin is sure: the extent of the American side's assistance for Kyrgyzstan will
depend on the new authorities' decision on the [US] military base in Manas.

"At present, the Americans are trying to take the situation under control; hence
the promises of assistance. Many in Washington have been put on their guard, and
this is very noticeable, by statements by representatives of the [Kyrgyz]
interim government about the need for openness and the renewal of the agreement
on the base," Grozin noted.

In his opinion, the Manas base is the most fundamental point in the process of
establishing contact with the new authorities in Kyrgyzstan.

"The term of the agreement concluded previously on the base expires in the
summer. It is clear that even if the Kyrgyz leadership agrees to renew the
base's work on the same conditions on which it exists at the moment but demands
a legally clear, transparent document, this will require time and a large amount
of agreements and, in principle, will put the timescale of the base's presence
into question," Grozin noted.

As for the order of priority of Russia and America in Kyrgyzstan's foreign
policy, in Grozin's opinion the situation will become clearer in several months.

"It is still too early to say now whether the new Kyrgyz leadership will be
pro-Russian or pro-American since, to all appearances, even with the most
favourable development of the situation, the process of the restructuring of the
elite will be taking place in the next 2-3 months," the political scientist
noted.

Source: Interfax news agency, Moscow, in Russian 1527 gmt 14 Apr 10

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             July 10, 2008 Thursday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a7

LENGTH: 523 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Darrell A. Jarvie, 46, of 1009 E. Ninth St. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to appear in court at 11:37 p.m. Monday in the 1000 block of E. Ninth St.

Lois L. Hooks, 43, of 1056 W. Fifth St. for driving under the influence and
speeding at 8:14 p.m. Monday in the 1300 block of Campbell Ave.

Bryan M. Herget, 23, of 402 Miller Lane #3A for domestic violence and domestic
assault and battery at 7:19 p.m. Monday at his residence.

Wayne E. Rosson, 40, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to appear
in court at 3:47 p.m. Monday at 15th Street and Crook Avenue.

Darrell R. Booker, 24, of 1516 Taft Ave. #2 on a felony warrant for aggravated
assault with a weapon at 1:41 p.m. Monday at Dell Range Blvd. and Ridge Road.

Kacee R. Harrigfeld, 18, of 3870 County Road 203 for driving under the influence
at 5 a.m. Monday in the 1800 block of Converse Avenue.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Raymond Holguin Jr., 33, of 3400 S. Greeley Hwy #228 for domestic violence and
domestic assault and battery at 11:39 p.m. Monday at his residence.

Carrol J. Machan, 35, of 1171 Kaycee Place on a misdemeanor warrant for
probation violation at 6:18 p.m. Monday at the Laramie County jail.

Lisa E. Glandt, 40, of 2910 E. 12th St., Apt. 1B for felony child endangerment
and misdemeanor methamphetamine possession at 5:26 p.m. Monday at 5700
Yellowstone Road.

Emmett L. Smith, 66, of 2500 Windwood Drive on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to appear in court at 11:35 p.m. Sunday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer
Ave.

David G. Marx, 52, of 1315 E. 18th St. on a felony warrant for larceny at 9:30
p.m. Sunday at the Laramie County jail.

Travis A. Metcalf, 18, of 130 Cribbon Ave. for driving under the influence at
12:01 a.m. Sunday at South Greeley Highway and Country West Road.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol:

Namoi N. Atkinson, 24, of Laramie for driving under the influence at 8:41 p.m.
Sunday on Interstate 25 at mile marker 9.2.

Jerome J. Schaffer, 56, of Cleveland, N.D., for driving under the influence at
1:57 p.m. Sunday on Interstate 25 at the second mile marker.

Ruven Rivera, 26, of Birmingham, Ala. for driving under the influence, failure
to maintain a traffic lane, driving without insurance and driving without a
license at 5:20 a.m. Sunday on Interstate 80 at mile marker 361.1.

Delfino Santos-Mill, 32, of Laramie for driving under the influence, failure to
maintain a traffic lane, open container possession and driving without a license
at 3:34 a.m. Sunday on Interstate 80 at mile marker 349.2.

Alan L. Lemaster, 41, of 1803 Lilac Court for driving under the influence,
failure to use a seat belt and failure to maintain a traffic lane at 12:25 a.m.
Sunday on U.S. Highway 85 at mile marker 6.5.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Biofuels, grain and the Midwest

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 730 words


Keith Woodford ponders the influences on grain and dairy prices swirling around
the American Midwest states.

--------------------

The American Environmental Protection Agency has announced plans to reduce the
2015 and 2016 legal requirements for biofuels within American fuels. At the same
time, the American Midwest looks like it could be heading for a bumper harvest
year, possibly beating last year's records.

The reason the Midwest is so important is that it is the American grain bowl.
Increasingly, the Midwest is also becoming the centre of the American dairy
industry. The 12 key contiguous states are Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin,
Illinois, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska and
Kansas.

The Midwest is sufficiently important that the effects spill over immediately
into global grain prices. Increasingly, they can also influence global dairy
prices.

Given the current combination of Midwest weather and biofuel regulations,
futures prices for grains are looking soft, with the December 2015 prices for
the growing corn crop around $3.60 per bushel. Wheat, as is usually the case, is
considerably higher at around $5 per bushel.

These prices convert to New Zealand dollars, and in units with which we are more
familiar, at about $200 per tonne for corn and $260 per tonne for wheat.

There are several messages for New Zealand in all of this.

The first is that American production will set an upper limit on our local grain
prices over the coming year. New Zealand grain is used mainly in the animal
industries: pigs, poultry and dairy. In contrast, most of the grain for human
consumption comes from overseas. For both categories, the local prices are
controlled by international prices plus transport costs.

The second message is that low feed prices are reducing the pain being felt by
American dairy farmers. This reduces any incentive for American dairy producers
to reduce production.

The associated message is that the big American dairy farmers, with their
large-scale and increasingly automated systems, are internationally competitive.

The smaller farmers with fewer than 500 cows remain non-competitive. Within
America, it is the big farmers who are taking over.

The third message is that current prices confirm once again that the
international grain shortages of around 2008 are now well behind us as new
technology and new investment has kicked in.

And that must surely be a reminder to us here in New Zealand that we, too, have
to keep moving forward with our own new technologies if we are to stay
competitive.

Coincidentally, the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations has
also just brought out its latest food insecurity report, showing that the
proportion of the global population that is under-nourished has dropped from 23
per cent to 13 per cent over the last 24 years.

That still leaves nearly 800 million people under-nourished, with most of these
having no access to markets. South Asia and East Asia are the regions that have
made the most progress, while Africa and now parts of the Middle East struggle
to solve their problems. War, civil strife, and non-performing institutions
remain key elements of food shortage.

Long term, the Americans are committed to increasing biofuel production, but the
constraint is the so- called blend wall.

Almost all American cars now run on at least a 10 per cent ethanol mix (E10) but
most cars are not designed for higher values. And for those cars that can handle
up to E85, the distribution system across America is inadequate.

One step in breaking through the blend wall is a new $100 million programme to
encourage flexi-fuel delivery pumps. From there it will be onwards and upwards
to increasing ethanol production.

In the modern world, there is no such thing as stable commodity prices. The road
ahead in New Zealand, for those who grow grain and also those who use grain,
will be one of ongoing opportunities, risks, and volatility. Incorporation of
new technologies while still managing financial risk will be at the core of
success.

Keith Woodford is Honorary Professor of Agri-Food Systems at Lincoln University.
He combines this with project and consulting work in agri-food systems. His
archived writings are available on the internet at: keithwoodford.wordpress.com

--------------------

CAPTION:

Farmer Dan Roberts inspects his corn crop at harvest in Minooka, Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

What colleges will increase your career earnings the most?

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 726 words


If you're saving for your children's higherÂ education, have you ever wondered
how various colleges could influence their future earnings? Or if you're in
college or paying down college debt, have you wondered what your future would
look like if you'd attended a different school?


This April, the Brookings Institution published a report titled "Beyond College
Rankings" that outlines how more than 7,000 colleges contribute to the future
economic success of their students.


The report had data for seven four-year schools in Maine. It found the
University of New England in Biddeford had aÂ great influence on its graduates'
economic future, in addition toÂ Colby College in Waterville, Bates College in
Lewiston, and the University of Maine in Orono. (Bowdoin College in Brunswick
wasn't analyzed.)


Alumni at the University of Maine at Augusta and the University of Southern
Maine earned slightly more than those who graduated from like institutions. The
study reported University of Maine at Farmington alumni earned less mid-career
than graduates from the average institution with similar characteristics.


Instead of examining a few hundred selective schools, as other rankings such as
U.S. News & World Report and Forbes do, researchers Jonathan Rothwell and
Siddharth Kulkarni broadened their approach and applied a "value-added" measure.


What is the difference between alumni outcomes (such as salaries) versus the
outcomes one would reasonably expect from similar students enrolled in similar
schools?


In other words, they adjusted for the wealth and academic traits of students who
were accepted to the schools, so as not to reward highly selective schools that
can admit students who would do well anywhere. They tried to isolate the
influence the institution had on the future of its students, as measured by
their incomes, occupations and loan repayment rates later in life.


"Value-added, in this sense, captures the benefits that accrue from both
measurable aspects of college quality, such as graduation rates and the market
value of the skills a college teaches, as well as unmeasurable 'x factors,' like
exceptional leadership or teaching, that contribute to student success," the
researchers wrote.


Three of the top six four-year institutions that Brookings found add most to a
graduate's mid-career earnings have a technology bent: the California Institute
of Technology in Pasadena, California; Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre
Haute, Indiana.


But the other three in the top six were liberal arts colleges: Colgate
University in Hamilton, New York; Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota; and
Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia.


The researchers found five factors within a school's control are strongly
associated with students' later economic success:


-- The value of the curriculum: The labor market value of the school's mix of
course offerings and majors.


-- Alumni skills: The market value of specific qualifications that alumni list
on their resumes, as shownÂ on the graduates' LinkedIn pages.


-- STEM orientation: The percentage of graduates graduating in science,
technology, engineering and math fields.


-- Completion rates: The percentage of graduates earning their degrees within
four years for a two-year college and eight years for a four-year college.


-- Student aid: The average financial aid support offered by the college.


"The college economic value-added metrics developed here have important
limitations, but they are available for a world of community colleges and
nonselective colleges that conventional rankings fail to explore. And the
metrics more accurately predict economic outcomes than the popular rankings,
calling into question whether the latter measure anything useful beyond student
competence at the time of admission," the researchers wrote.


Some questioned whether the study merely showed what many already know -- that
technology- and science-based careers pay more.


While the report does explain what is common knowledge, the differences between
colleges with similar courses are still substantial, Robert Kelchen, an
assistant professor of education leadership, management and policy at Seton Hall
University, told Inside Higher Ed.


Find the full list of rankings, and search for Maine colleges,Â by clicking
here.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

What colleges will increase your career earnings the most?

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 726 words


If you're saving for your children's higherÂ education, have you ever wondered
how various colleges could influence their future earnings? Or if you're in
college or paying down college debt, have you wondered what your future would
look like if you'd attended a different school?


This April, the Brookings Institution published a report titled "Beyond College
Rankings" that outlines how more than 7,000 colleges contribute to the future
economic success of their students.


The report had data for seven four-year schools in Maine. It found the
University of New England in Biddeford had aÂ great influence on its graduates'
economic future, in addition toÂ Colby College in Waterville, Bates College in
Lewiston, and the University of Maine in Orono. (Bowdoin College in Brunswick
wasn't analyzed.)


Alumni at the University of Maine at Augusta and the University of Southern
Maine earned slightly more than those who graduated from like institutions. The
study reported University of Maine at Farmington alumni earned less mid-career
than graduates from the average institution with similar characteristics.


Instead of examining a few hundred selective schools, as other rankings such as
U.S. News & World Report and Forbes do, researchers Jonathan Rothwell and
Siddharth Kulkarni broadened their approach and applied a "value-added" measure.


What is the difference between alumni outcomes (such as salaries) versus the
outcomes one would reasonably expect from similar students enrolled in similar
schools?


In other words, they adjusted for the wealth and academic traits of students who
were accepted to the schools, so as not to reward highly selective schools that
can admit students who would do well anywhere. They tried to isolate the
influence the institution had on the future of its students, as measured by
their incomes, occupations and loan repayment rates later in life.


"Value-added, in this sense, captures the benefits that accrue from both
measurable aspects of college quality, such as graduation rates and the market
value of the skills a college teaches, as well as unmeasurable 'x factors,' like
exceptional leadership or teaching, that contribute to student success," the
researchers wrote.


Three of the top six four-year institutions that Brookings found add most to a
graduate's mid-career earnings have a technology bent: the California Institute
of Technology in Pasadena, California; Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre
Haute, Indiana.


But the other three in the top six were liberal arts colleges: Colgate
University in Hamilton, New York; Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota; and
Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia.


The researchers found five factors within a school's control are strongly
associated with students' later economic success:


-- The value of the curriculum: The labor market value of the school's mix of
course offerings and majors.


-- Alumni skills: The market value of specific qualifications that alumni list
on their resumes, as shownÂ on the graduates' LinkedIn pages.


-- STEM orientation: The percentage of graduates graduating in science,
technology, engineering and math fields.


-- Completion rates: The percentage of graduates earning their degrees within
four years for a two-year college and eight years for a four-year college.


-- Student aid: The average financial aid support offered by the college.


"The college economic value-added metrics developed here have important
limitations, but they are available for a world of community colleges and
nonselective colleges that conventional rankings fail to explore. And the
metrics more accurately predict economic outcomes than the popular rankings,
calling into question whether the latter measure anything useful beyond student
competence at the time of admission," the researchers wrote.


Some questioned whether the study merely showed what many already know -- that
technology- and science-based careers pay more.


While the report does explain what is common knowledge, the differences between
colleges with similar courses are still substantial, Robert Kelchen, an
assistant professor of education leadership, management and policy at Seton Hall
University, told Inside Higher Ed.


Find the full list of rankings, and search for Maine colleges,Â by clicking
here.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 9, 2013 Tuesday

'Citizen Koch' filmmakers, shunned by PBS, go to crowd-funding

BYLINE: By Sean P. Means, The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 191 words


The filmmakers behind "Citizen Koch' are asking the people to do what they say
their former PBS backers were afraid to do.

Filmmakers Tia Lessin and Carl Deal have launched a Kickstarter campaign, aiming
to raise $75,000 in 30 days so they can finish their documentary (which debuted
in unfinished form at this year's Sundance Film Festival).

The movie explores corporate influence on American politics, using the 2010
Wisconsin elections   and the free spending of the right-wing industrialist
brothers Charles and David Koch to install Republican Scott Walker as governor.

But the Koch brothers' influence on major PBS stations, Lessin and Deal told The
New Yorker's Jane Mayer in May, led to Independent Television Service to back
out of a $150,000 promise to fund the film. (The Cricket wrote about this in his
column last May.)

"Just as powerful campaign spenders expect something in return from the
politicians they support, so, too, do public television's high-dollar donors,'
Lessin said in a statement. "It's ironic that our film about the undue influence
of money in politics was subject to undue influence of money in public
broadcasting.'

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An image of the Wisconsin state capitol in Madison, from the
documentary "Citizen Koch." Photo courtesy of the Sundance Institute.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             July 15, 2004 Thursday

LAGUNA BEACH BLOTTER

SECTION: LAGUNABEACH

LENGTH: 433 words


freda ... here is a template to create the coplog each week.

Tuesday, July 13

Laguna Canyon Road, 2000 block, traffic stop. Oscar Moguel, of Henderson,
Nevada, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at
1:22 p.m.

North Coast Highway, 200 block, traffic stop. John Rosata, of Nashville, Tenn.,
was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 2:59 p.m.

Monday, July 12

Cress Street Beach, 1300 block, pedestrian stop. Patrick Dennis Smith, of Costa
Mesa, was arrested on a Department of Corrections warrant. Reported at 12:12
a.m.

Sunday, July 11

Monterey, 200 block, traffic stop. Ernest Russell Wright, of Laguna Beach, was
arrested on a Habor Court warrant for driving under the influence and resisting
an officer. Reported at 7:20 p.m.

Vista Del Sol, 50 block, health and safety violations. Aaron Dockings, of San
Clemente, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at
11:56 a.m.

Coast Highway, 31100 block, disturbance. Cesar Hernandez, of Laguna Hills, was
arrested on a warrant for vehicle code violations. Reported at 12:36 a.m.

South Coast Highway, 600 block, disturbance. Larry Delatorre, of Anaheim, was
arrested on suspicion of supplying false information to an officer. Reported at
12:01 a.m.

Saturday, July 10

Main Beach, 100 block, pedestrian stop. Daisy Scott Voight, of Imperial Beach,
was arrested on suspicion of crossing the roadway. Reported at 2:14 p.m.

North Coast Highway, 200 block, traffic stop. Bruce Albert, of North Carolina,
was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 1:27 a.m.

Ledroit/Coast Highway, traffic stop. Jaime Figeroa, of Orange, was arrested on
suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 12:34 a.m.

Friday, July 9

Coast Highway/Legion, traffic stop. Sierra Dawn Lopez, of Laguna Beach, was
arrested on a warrant for possession of tobacco, littering and crossing against
a signal. Reported at 8:28 p.m.

Mermaid/3rd. sleeper. Curtis Ebling, a Laguna Beach homeless man, was arrested
on suspicion of public drunkenness. Reported at 11:51 p.m.

Thursday, July 8

Coast Highway/4th, pedestrian stop. Thomas Butler, of Newport Beach, was
arrested on suspicion of public drunkenness and receiving stolen property. This
was a felony arrest. Reported at 9:23 p.m.

Police Blotter is compiled by Erika I. Ritchie from oral and written reports of
the Laguna Beach Police Department. The crime log represents only a portion of
the crimes committed during the reporting period. Arrests indicate a suspicion
of violations, not charges filed, nor results of court proceedings unless noted.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 19, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Pressure from peers can push them in all directions

BYLINE: Karen S. Peterson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 506 words


For many teen-agers, peer pressure is a demon they deal with daily as they try
to fit in, make friends, find themselves. That's the word from young people
applying for USA TODAY's 1994-95 Teen Panel, to be announced next month.

"In middle school, I saw many people who were quiet, smart, relatively good kids
turn into smokers, drinkers or drug users once they got into high school," says
Kanika Feaster, 16, Ellicott City, Md. "It all comes from wanting to be accepted
and not being assertive enough to say 'no.' "

Alexandra Perakis, 15, Wilton, Conn., admits: "My friends influence me on almost
everything I do. I am extremely worried about people's opinions and feel the
need to fit in. "

Tobey List, 15, Tega Cay, S.C., echoes her opinion. "Everybody I've ever met has
influenced me in some way. Just talking to someone for a few minutes may
influence a decision I make later in the day."

Peer pressure is real, says Angie Chavarria, 17, Sandusky, Ohio. "My friends
were a big influence on me a few years ago. They had me cut school with them and
dress different. I thought I wouldn't have friends unless I acted like that."

But Angie says she got her act together. "I finally realized two years later
that I didn't have to act like that. And I could be myself again."

Often, many teens say, peer pressure can be positive. "If not for my friends, I
wouldn't have changed for my own good," says Benny Hsu, 17, Jacksonville, Fla.
"I used to be shy, but they persuaded me to be open to good change."

Some say peer pressure is vastly overrated. "I fail to believe peer pressure is
as widespread as it is depicted. It seems it has become more of a cop-out, a
scapegoat than a real thing," says Angela Paradise, 17, Indianapolis.

"It is a ready excuse for our shortcomings and our failures. Sometimes, but not
always, I think the phrase serves as an easy excuse for not having the guts to
stand up for what we believe in," says Lisa LaBrecque, 16, Westfield, Mass.

Peer pressure is more pronounced for younger teens, according to several. "In
junior high, your friends made absolutely every decision in your life," says
Eddie Jurken III, 14, Brookfield, Wis. "I'm not saying that friends don't
influence you in high school, but they certainly don't control you."

And many say they succumb only on the little issues. "When it comes to where to
go on weekends, I often go along with friends," says Kevin Dickinson, 16,
Newnan, Ga. "But when it comes to my actions, thoughts and beliefs, that is my
decision."

Adds Davis Burton Powers, 15, Colorado Springs: "My friends influence me in
certain circumstances, but the situations are minor ones such as where we go to
eat lunch."

The key to resisting negative pressure is self-esteem, says Melissa Wood, 14,
Virginia Beach, Va. "The person who has low self-esteem will do pretty much
anything their peers tell them in order to be accepted."

The 15 new Teen Panel members, selected from almost 900 letters, will be named
Sept. 7 in USA TODAY. Applications are closed.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w (3)

TEENS SPEAK OUT; See related stories; 07D

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 30, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

DEBATE;
Influence peddling perverts democracy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 462 words



You never know what you'll find when you turn over a rock.

But even federal investigators were shocked when they began digging into how the
department of Housing and Urban Development conducted business the past eight
years.

They found fraud. They found bad management. And they found influence peddling.

They could probably find the same at many government offices. But the abuses at
HUD hurt poor people who need housing in Minneapolis and New York and Los
Angeles.

Why should you care? Because it's your money.

There are laws to prosecute fraud. And managers can be fired. But, influence
peddlers operate in a legal and moral fog in Washington. It is an accepted way
of doing business.

Insiders, and the writer across this page, just wink, make jokes and say we
can't do anything about it. They're wrong.

There is no excuse for tolerating influence peddling.

We're seeing why at HUD. Investigators found millions of dollars for renovating
low-income housing had been distributed to developers who hired ex-HUD employees
or well-connected Republicans as consultants.

Former Interior Secretary James Watt got $ 300,000 from a Rhode Island developer
for helping it get a contract for upgrading an Essex, Md. housing project.

Paul Manafort, former campaign adviser to Presidents Bush and Reagan, got $
326,000 for helping a developer get a contract to rehabilitate a Seabrook, N.J.,
housing project.

Deborah Gore Dean, a HUD official, said the housing subsidy operation was
''designed to be a political program.''

Former top HUD employees pocketed fat fees from developers for just making phone
calls or setting up meetings with their former associates and friends in
government.

Watt, Manafort and others say they didn't break any law. That's not good enough.
We must demand higher standards.

Influence peddling is not illegal. But it's not right, either.

Congress and President Bush must tighten laws that prohibit former government
employees from lobbying their former associates for a year. And they must
enforce them.

The present law was passed after Watergate toppled the Nixon administration.
Congress passed a new law last year, but President Reagan vetoed it.

Loopholes in the law should be removed. They allowed the conviction of Reagan
political adviser Lyn Nofziger to be overturned.

It must apply to employees who grant favors as well as to former employees who
seek them. And it must be expanded to include former members of Congress.

But no number of laws will stop greedy people. They will always line up at the
public trough to pervert needed programs to line their own pockets.

The word has gone out from the White House and new HUD Secretary Jack Kemp that
political favoritism will not be tolerated. The word has to be backed with
action.

Government business must always be conducted in the open, not through the back
door. Every qualified bidder must have a fair chance at winning contracts.

It's time to turn over all the rocks and send the influence peddlers scurrying.

TEXT OF CARTOON

Feeding frenzy at the public trough

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON; b/w, David Seavey, USA TODAY (drawing, people and money)

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 703 words


POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Michael Briggs, Hayden, reported Sunday the $500 theft of a camcorder from his
home on the 9400 block of North Macie Loop.

Tana Lozano, Spokane Valley, reported Saturday the $1,020 theft of an iPhone and
purse containing a wallet, cash and other items from Stateline Showgirls, 6727
W. Seltice Way, Post Falls.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE CLARK PETERSON

Tiffany J. Maiuri, 33, Hayden; invalid driver's license; $167 fine, 26 days in
jail (credited).

Angela M. Sheets, 48, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (141 days suspended, five days credited), 30 days unscheduled
jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

James D. Strieby, 29, Coeur d'Alene; trespass; $152 fine, 90 days in jail (30
days credited).

Steven H. Fitting, 61, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended), 90 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jacob D. Sloves, 20, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180
days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 10 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Myron C. Schmidt, 75, Hayden Lake; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (178 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Douglas S. Hancock, 47, Four Lakes, Wash.; driving under the influence; $800
fine, 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 10
days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Kyle A. Baker, 28, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE JAMES STOW

Matthew R. Davis, 18, Athol; petty theft; $500 fine ($250 suspended),
restitution to be determined, one year in jail (330 days suspended), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Michael Nelson, seeking $5,229.

Margie Dillon v. Diana Hunsaker and Rick Bynum, seeking $1,299.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Angela and Brian Amorose, plaintiff awarded $1,216.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Carrie Gomes, plaintiff awarded $1,353.

Discover Bank v. Amy Redman, plaintiff awarded $7,783.

Capital One Bank v. Teree Michalak, plaintiff awarded $1,547.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Peterson Enterprises Inc. v. Lynnette Conn and Jon Conn.

Midland Funding LLC v. Diane Jarstad.

ORDER FOR CHANGE OF NAME

Desiree Ybarra Reardon, petition for change to Desiree Nora Sheetz.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

G. Peter Ward from Patricia M. Ward.

Jose F. Uribe from Teresa D. Uribe.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Larry E. Peyer from Karen J. Peyer.

Natalie A. Nolan from Robert A. Nolan.

BANKRUPTCIES

FILINGS FROM APRIL 24-26.

CHAPTER 7 (LIQUIDATION PETITIONS)

Katherine T. St. Louis, aka Katherine T. Stanley, aka Katie St. Louis, Post
Falls, debts of $211,073.

Russell Z. Huppert, aka Russell Z. Ewald and Lisa N. Huppert, Sandpoint, debts
of $476,672.

Nicole L. Wasserburger, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $150,187.

Timothy D. and Tonette J. Seale, Post Falls, debts of $71,201.

Alice S. Ross-Smith, fka Alice S. Ross, Kellogg, debts of $197,807.

Marianne Kelley, St. Maries, debts of $180,085.

Sarah Fuller, Hayden, debts of $30,712.

Luke E. Chambers, aka Luke E. Halligan Chambers, Hayden, debts of $149,321.

Jacob L. and Miranda D. Young, aka Miranda D. Zachary, aka Miranda Inman,
Hayden, debts of $61,590.

Blair A. Boustead, Spirit Lake, debts of $29,646.

Paulene M. Hakala, aka Paulene M. Briskey, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $18,693.

Terri McReynolds, Post Falls, debts of $121,328.

Monique L. Faux, aka Monique L. Stein-Faux, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $427,678.

Charlotte Nicholai, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $38,566.

Christine Cook, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $128,586.

Cheryl Herzog, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $27,045.

Christopher J. and Tonya R. Martin, Priest River, debts of $496,297.

CHAPTER 13 (WAGE-EARNER PETITIONS)

Paul W. and Barbara A. Wicks, Hayden, debts of $16,363.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             June 12, 2011  Sunday

For Love of Alma Mater: Does a Degree Influence Decision Making?

BYLINE: Eric Kelderman

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Administration

LENGTH: 1525  words

ABSTRACT

More than a third of South Carolina's state legislators went to the University
of South Carolina, but that doesn't seem to be helping its budget.

FULL TEXT

State legislators have cut appropriations to the University of South Carolina by
nearly a quarter over the past five years. But whatever reason campus officials
might point to for those cuts, they can't say lawmakers aren't familiar with the
university.

More than a third of the state's 170 legislators have earned at least a
bachelor's degree at the flagship campus, which is located just blocks from the
State House, in Columbia.

The concentration of flagship alumni in South Carolina's legislature is among
the highest in the nation, but the level of college attainment among that
group-more than 80 percent of the state's General Assembly has at least a
bachelor's degree-is just a little above average. Over all, 75 percent of state
legislators have earned at least a bachelor's degree, according to a Chronicle
examination of the nation's statehouses. In every state legislature, the rate of
college completion is far above the average for both the state and the nation.

The numbers may, in one sense, be comforting­-the laboratories of democracy, as
states are sometimes called, are governed by a fairly well-educated group of
citizens-and dispel the common assertion by college leaders that state
legislators are largely uneducated. But after three consecutive years of budget
cuts to higher education in most states, and little evidence that money will
ever return, the data raise broader questions about whether lawmakers really
value their own college experience and higher education in general. Does having
a college degree influence lawmakers' policy and appropriation decisions-and
should it?

No Favoritism Here

In the Palmetto State, it wasn't very long ago when there were clear answers to
those questions. From 1937 to 1973, State Rep. Solomon Blatt, a Democrat and
longtime speaker of the House, used the power of his office to build the
prestige and infrastructure of his alma mater, the University of South Carolina,
according to Walter Edgar, a professor of history there. The university's
physical-education center, built in 1971, was named for Mr. Blatt, who served on
the Board of Trustees from 1935 to 1947.

Clemson University, a land-grant college, also had a legislative benefactor, in
Sen. Edgar Brown, president pro tempore and a longtime Clemson trustee who
received an honorary degree in the 1950s.

At the time, attending one of South Carolina's main public campuses was
important to a political or legal career because of the friends and connections
students made with one another in a state with a small population and few other
choices for a college degree, Mr. Edgar said.

To an extent, the dynamic still exists, said John L.S. Simpkins, who recently
left a faculty position at the Charleston School of Law, which opened in 2004.
Until that time, there was only one law school in the state, at the University
of South Carolina. More than 30 of the state's legislators have law degrees from
there-the second-highest number of law degrees awarded to state legislators from
any one college.

Despite all those Gamecock lawmakers, the University of South Carolina has not
been shown much favoritism by the General Assembly.

Even before the most recent recession in South Carolina, the flagship campus was
seeing its share of state appropriations shrink. From 2002 to 2008, tax support
per student at the Columbia campus fell by more than 30 percent, adjusted for
inflation, according to data from the Delta Project on Postsecondary Education
Costs, Productivity, and Accountability. Only one other four-year institution in
the state, Coastal Carolina University, saw a larger decline in per-student tax
support during that period.

Officials at the University of South Carolina are careful not to blame lawmakers
for a lack of loyalty as the institution fights to preserve state appropriations
that have fallen rapidly during the past decade. But they are clearly playing
defense in a difficult political and economic environment.

One important thing has changed since Representative Blatt's era: There are
actually fewer legislators who represent the university, said Mr. Edgar, the
historian. Before 1984, state legislators were elected to represent an entire
county, so all of the lawmakers from Richland County, which includes Columbia,
had an interest in promoting the university's interests. Now legislators are
chosen from a single legislative district, so the university has just one state
representative-a lone Democrat in a chamber heavily controlled by Republicans.

And as the state has grown, the number and size of colleges in other districts
have increased along with the number of legislators who have graduated from
those institutions, said Sen. C. Bradley Hutto, a Democrat, who has a bachelor's
degree from the University of South Carolina and a law degree from Georgetown
University. While legislators understand the value of a college degree, they
must first consider the needs of their constituents, he said. At the same time,
lawmakers are limited by the state's appropriations process, which divvies up
higher-education spending by a formula-preventing one college from benefiting
disproportionately.

The state's partisan divide is another major change that's occurred over the
past decade, with Republicans in control of both chambers of the legislature
after the 2002 elections. Republicans actually increased their already large
majority in the General Assembly in the 2010 elections. Voters also elected Gov.
Nikki R. Haley, a Republican and Clemson graduate, who has pledged not to
increase taxes to fill the state's $877-million revenue shortfall. (That
shortfall nearly equals the amount the state spent on higher education in 2010.)

Rep. J. Todd Rutherford, a Democrat who earned his law degree at the University
of South Carolina, said whatever support Republican lawmakers have for higher
education is trumped by their conservative political ideology: "We are a
one-party state, and the Republican Party has decided not to take education
seriously."

Still Gamecocks at Heart

Over all, higher education in South Carolina has not fared altogether poorly.
Not including more-recent cuts, the percentage of state money spent on higher
education (including allocations from the lottery) was still above the U.S.
average in the 2008 fiscal year, while tax support for public colleges over the
past quarter-century was only slightly below average, according to a 2010 report
from the State Higher Education Executive Officers association.

Lawmakers have shown some preference for backing higher-education ventures that
promote the state's economic interests, providing tens of millions of dollars
for research parks at both the University of South Carolina and Clemson.

And the legislature has also buffered public higher education in recent years
from attacks, including several from former Gov. Mark Sanford, a Republican who
earned his degree at Furman University, a private institution in Greenville. The
legislature rejected then-Governor Sanford's proposal to free public colleges
from all state regulations if they would also agree to be cut loose from state
appropriations, as well as a proposed tuition cap tied to inflation.

In 2009 the General Assembly passed a law forcing Mr. Sanford to apply for South
Carolina's share of stimulus money meant for public schools and higher
education. The governor had demanded to use the money to pay down state debt,
but the State Supreme Court quickly ruled that he had to comply with the law.

This year a host of bills that sought to intervene in academic affairs and
governance all died in committees, including a requirement that public colleges
remit a portion of out-of-state tuition to the state's general fund, a
requirement that all freshmen must complete a one-credit course in study and
life skills, and a limit on the percentage of nonresident students.

Robert W. Harrell Jr., speaker of the House, who earned his bachelor-of-science
degree from the University of South Carolina, said being a college graduate
gives lawmakers a better understanding of higher education. But college leaders
have to understand that theirs are just one of a multitude of issues that
legislators have to consider, he said.

"Just because you are a fan of the school doesn't translate into a blind
allegiance," he said. "The universities don't exist in a vacuum. We have to
prioritize."

Powerful lawmakers still sometimes get what they want for their colleges. In
2002 leaders of both parties, including Mr. Harrell, who was then chairman of
the chamber's Ways and Means Committee, made sure that a plan to use lottery
money for higher education would include a pot to help pay for endowed chairs in
scientific fields at the state's research universities. Another key advocate was
Rep. David H. Wilkins, then speaker of the House and a graduate of Clemson
University.

"Who would have thought we would use lottery money for that?" asked Mr. Harrell.
"That's the modern-day equivalent of what Speaker Blatt would have done."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Home Equity Wire

                                October 15, 2008

Appraisers Scrutinized Pressure

BYLINE: Brad Finkelstein

SECTION: Pg. 1 Vol. 7 No. 4

LENGTH: 641  words


The appraisal industry has come under particular scrutiny for its role in the
current mortgage mess. Among the claims made by the appraisal industry is they
were subject to pressure from originators to deliver certain valuations.

Now a number of companies are offering certification programs to attest that the
appraisals are free of any influence. This is an outgrowth of the settlement
entered into between New York State attorney general (and former Housing and
Urban Development secretary) Andrew Cuomo and the government-sponsored
enterprises. The future of that agreement, much criticized in many places, is
uncertain now that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been placed under government
control.

StreetLinks National Appraisal Services has created the "certificate of non-
influence," which it claims warrants the objectivity of real estate appraisals
procured on behalf of its clients.

Steve Haslam, StreetLinks chief executive, states, "Given the widespread concern
over the role that appraiser coercion may have played in the current
mortgage-market turmoil, our certificate of non-influence assures every
stakeholder in the mortgage loan that our valuation was derived according to the
strictest standards of objectivity without influence to inflate the appraised
value. The value of a certified non-influence process will be evidenced in
enhanced loan performance."

StreetLinks said it guarantees that the real estate appraiser remains anonymous
from those in the process who historically could attempt to sway an objective
valuation.

To further ensure against fraud and manipulation, the original appraisal report
and accompanying certificate is made available through the StreetLinks Secure
Repository website to all authorized successors and assignees of the original
lender and client.

Marshall & Swift, a Los Angeles-based subsidiary of MacDonald, Dettwiler and
Associates, is providing the M&S licensed user certificate for attachment to an
appraisal report.

The company says its certificate is written confirmation that the appraiser
maintains current building cost information in accordance with appraisal best
practices, and supports the residential appraisal form requirement that the
appraiser list a source of current data when calculating a cost approach
valuation. Marshall & Swift also provides an online registry of certificate
holders should lenders wish to confirm appraisers' access to current building
cost information as part of their underwriting process.

M&S president Peter M. Wells notes, "Marshall & Swift cost data remains one of
the most important and defendable sources of property valuations in the lending
process required by the mortgage and appraisal industries today."

He believes there will be a resurgence in the use of the cost approach in the
lending process because the current debacle in the mortgage industry was fueled
by uncertainty in valuations and the market approach alone was unable to find
the low point for valuations. "Restoring the cost approach to the underwriting
process is inevitable, since it is a measurable component to valuation that is
not at the whim of emotion."

M&S believes the cost approach objectively defines the total amount of money
that can justifiably be lent against a property. It also serves as a baseline to
compare market trends with the cost trends of real property.

ValuFinders Inc., Culver City, Calif., provides acknowledgment of independent
appraiser selection when ordering parties use Appraisal Concierge.

The system was designed to randomly select appraisers to assure that no
employee, director, officer or agent of the lender - or any other third party
acting as partner - has influenced the selection of the appraiser. The
certificate validates that the ordering process was made in a way to avoid the
threat of coercion in the valuation of mortgage properties.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: HEW


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            June 15, 2000, Thursday,

DISTRICT COURT

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 5B, DISTRICT COURT

LENGTH: 757 words


The following people were found guilty in Portland District Court and their
cases received final disposition as of June 13:

Benjamin R. Turgeon, 18, of Durham, minor possessing liquor, 4/15/00 in
Portland, $ 100,

Daniel Worcester, 32, of Portland, operating under the influence, 5/30/99 in
Portland, $ 400.

Eric R. Zemla, 24, of Westbrook, driving to endanger, 10/16/99 in Westbrook, $
400.

Nicola Africo, 49, of North Providence, R.I., failing to obtain operating
authority license, 2/18/00, in Portland. $ 200; operation without status
current, 2/18/00, $ 250.

Geoffrey D. Allen, 31, of Portland, operating under influence, 12/24/99, $ 400.

Gary L. Boettcher, 34, of Portland, violating condition of release, 4/7/00, $
425.

Enid Castro, 30, of Portland, failing to stop at railroad crossing signal,
3/2/00, $ 100.

Pedro R. Castro, 34, of Auburn, operating under influence, 2/22/00, in Yarmouth,
$ 600.

China Neck Farms Inc. of South China, failing to obtain operating authority
license 3/10/00, in Falmouth, $ 200.

Joshua C. Crockett, 18, of Cape Elizabeth, minor possessing liquor, 4/16/00, $
200.

David W. Cushman, 43, of North Yarmouth, operating under influence, 2/19/00, $
600.

Darren R. Gilmour, 27, of Sebago Lake, refusing to submit to arrest or
detention, 2/11/00, $ 200; driving to endanger, 2/11/00, license suspended 60
days, $ 400.

Jessica L. Glantz, 26, of Windham, operating after suspension, 9/6/99, $ 200
with $ 100 suspended.

Rodney B. Johnson, 35, of Gorham, operating under influence, 12/19/99, $ 600.

Heidi R. Kimball, 21, of Skowhegan, failure to make 48-hour accident report,
2/11/00, $ 100.

Srouch Lach, 44, of Portland, operating under influence, 1/23/00, $ 450.

Roberta J. Lops, 46, of South Portland, operating under influence, 1/15/00, two
days in jail, license suspended 90 days, $ 600.

Magicorp Inc. of Naugatuck, Conn., failing to display ID device, 3/1/00, in
South Portland, $ 100; operation without duty record, 3/1/00, $ 250.

Gregory S. Mohn, 38, of Windham, driving to endanger, 2/6/00, license suspended
30 days, $ 600.

Robert Moore, 35, of Portland, operating after suspension, 4/19/00, $ 200.

Earl T. Scott, 52, of Philadelphia, operating without status current, 3/24/00,
in Windham, $ 250.

Emily Sweeney, 21, of Cumberland, allowing minor to consume liquor, 1/1/00, $
200.

Matthew Fournier, 20, of Westbrook, possession of drug paraphernalia, 4/1/00, in
Gray, $ 100.

Kenneth W. Harris, 47, of Orleans, Ind., operation without status current,
3/4/00, in Portland, $ 250.

Joseph Labbe, 57, of Westbrook, operating after suspension, 4/12/00, $ 400.

Elizabeth R. Leddy, 19, of Peaks Island, operating after suspension, 4/15/00, $
200 with $ 100 suspended.

David H. Loura, 30, of Gorham, leaving scene of motor vehicle accident, 4/10/00,
$ 100.

Stephanie L. Mitchell, 19, of New Gloucester, minor possessing liquor, 4/20/00,
$ 100.

Jamie L. Taylor, 19, of Starks, driving to endanger, 4/19/00, in Westbrook, $
500.

Michael P. Ward, 21, of Westbrook, operating after suspension, 4/11/00, $ 200
with $ 100 suspended.

Annah Bean, 19, of Bingham, minor possessing liquor, 4/13/00 in South Portland,
$ 100.

Laura M. Berry, 27, of Scarborough, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
1/6/00 in Windham, $ 200.

Callahan Enterprises Inc., rule violation inadequate suspension, 4/11/00 in
Westbrook, $ 100.

Peter H. Chandler, 28, of Biddeford, operating under the influence, 2/27/00 in
Portland, $ 600.

Kelly G. Collins, 29, of Portland, operating under the influence, 12/8/99 in
Portland, $ 600.

Jackson B. Cooper, 33, of Portland, operating under the influence, 2/19/00 in
Portland, 3 days in jail, license suspended for 90 days, $ 700; violating
condition of release, 2/26/00 in Portland, $ 300.

Roberta R. Dalton, 43, of Portland, theft by deception, 4/13/00 in South
Portland, $ 100.

Dana Shea Construction of Kezar Falls, defective low air warning device, 3/23/00
in Gorham, $ 100; inadequate brake hose or tubing, 3/23/00 in Gorham, $ 100.

Jeffrey R. Durloo, 26, of South Portland, theft by unauthorized taking or
transfer, 4/15/00 in South Portland, $ 100.

Benjamin Eberle, 20, of Appleton, minor possessing liquor, 4/12/00 in South
Portland, $ 100.

Benjamin J. Falla, 20, of St. George, minor transporting liquor, 12/30/99 in
Portland, $ 100.

Pamela J. Geischecker, 43, of South Portland, failing to stop for officer,
1/22/00 in South Portland, $ 500; driving to endanger, 1/22/00 in South
Portland, $ 500.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Rhode Island: State Police Arrest Sixteen Subjects for Driving Under the
Influence Over the Holiday Weekend

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Department of State Police, The state of Rhode has issued the
following news release:



 Colonel Steven G. O'Donnell, Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police
and Commissioner of Public Safety, announces that as a result of the Division's
efforts to continue to make our roadways safer, members of the Rhode Island
State Police have arrested sixteen (16) subjects for Driving Under the Influence
(DUI) over the Labor Day Holiday weekend. In addition to the DUI arrests, there
were 61 other arrests on miscellaneous charges during the period from Friday,
September 4, 2015 through Monday, September 7, 2015.





 The following is a list of the subjects who were arrested for Driving Under the
Influence of Intoxicating Liquor and/or Drugs:



 Anthony Vacchelli, age 61 of 22 Cottage Street, Warren, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Russell Dufault, age 52 of 42 Donna Drive, Portsmouth, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Sorng Heng, age 35, of 39 Madison Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - (BAC .173/.177)



 Ferrell Walter, age 41, of 36 Acorn Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Thomas Hanley age 47, of 49 Echo Road, Glocester, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 &bull; Disorderly Conduct



 Moise Louis Jean, age 33, of 44 Goddard Street #2, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 &bull; Driving on a Suspended License



 James Washington, age 27, of 274 Point Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Camilo Esmeral, age 53, of 542 Power Road #3R,Pawtucket, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence (BAC .148/.151)



 Josue Lopez, age 27, 15 Imera Avenue, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 &bull; Driving on a Suspended License



 John Spengos, age 56, of 67 Daniel Drive, North Kingstown, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - (BAC .100/.100)



 Jeffery Goldberg, age 65, of 1044 Main Street, Warwick, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Antonio Johnson, age 47, of 100 Arthur Street, Pawtucket, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence- BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Paul Louis, age 44 of 826 Sugar Hollow Road, Bean Station, Tennessee

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence - (BAC .180/.172)

 &bull; Possession of Schedule IV (Alprazlam)

 &bull; Possession of Schedule I (Morphine)



 Julio Pena, age 31, of 48 Felix Street, Providence, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence- BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Melissa Gama, age 40, of 45 Morraine Court, South Kingstown, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence-BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test

 &bull; Simple Assault

 &bull; Disorderly Conduct



 Arthur Kocsi, age 60, of 465 Gardner Road #63, Richmond, Rhode Island

 &bull; Driving Under the Influence- BAC Unknown

 &bull; Refusal to Submit to a Chemical Test



 Troopers also issued 1,063 citations, to include: 485 speeding violations, 165
Seatbelt/Child Restraint violations, and 11 Conditions Requiring Reduced
Speed/Move Over violations. Troopers also handled 63 crash reports, with one
crash involving an intoxicated or impaired operator.



 Colonel O'Donnell stated, "This was a fatality free weekend in Rhode Island. We
believe there is a direct correlation between traffic enforcement and the
reduction of fatal and serious motor vehicle accidents. I commend the troopers
for their efforts in keeping our roadways safe."



 The Rhode Island State Police will continue to aggressively enforce the motor
vehicle laws with increased emphasis on speeding, driving while impaired,
aggressive driving, texting violations, seatbelt and child restraint violations.
We believe that by continuing these enforcement efforts, it makes the highways
safer for all travelers.



 Motorists are reminded that they can immediately report dangerous drivers or
hazardous roadway conditions to the police by dialing 911 or *77 on your cell
phone.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Zynga Inc (California) on July 30 titled as "Clan wars"

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,496,532 on
July 30, 2013, to Zynga Inc (California), titled as "Clan wars"

Inventors:  Bethke; Erik Paul (Richmond, CA), Broom; Michael (San Francisco,
CA), Jones; Robert Aaron (San Francisco, CA), Koenigsberg; Scott (San Francisco,
CA), Mahajan; Amitt (San Francisco, CA), Mooney; William Henry Kelly (San
Francisco, CA), Ocko; Matthew Adam (Palo Alto, CA), Wang; Ian (San Francisco,
CA)
Assignee:  Zynga Inc. (San Francisco, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of implementing clan wars is disclosed. A first group of a plurality of
players of a computer-implemented game is notified that each member of the first
group is to receive an incentive reward based on a level of influence of the
first group over a location being greater than a level of influence of a second
group of the plurality of players over the location. The level of influence of
the first group over the location is determined to be greater than the level of
influence of the second group over the location. The incentive reward is
provided to the first group based on the determined level of influence of the
first group over the location being greater than the level of influence of the
second group over the location."

The patent was filed on June 30, 2011 Application no. 13/174,741

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

More Crime Watch for 1/27/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 358 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.

DISPOSITIONS

Dwayne Edward Smith, Etters; recklessly endangering another person, driving
under the influence, simple assault, disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical
offense, terroristic threats with intent to terrorize another,
harassment-subject other to physical contact; held for court.

Margery Mae Mellott, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Justin Lee Gordy, New Cumberland; manufacture, delivery or possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Louis Maurice Weiss, New Cumberland; aggravated assault, simple assault,
harassment-subject other to physical contact, theft of services-acquisition of
services, public drunkenness and similar misconduct; held for court.

Karen Marie Miller, harassment-subject other to physical contact, disorderly
conduct-engage in fighting; moved to non-traffic.

William Alvin Wilt, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Samuel B. Leach, New Cumberland; manufacture, delivery or possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Curtis Schoppert II, Etters; theft by unlawful taking-movable property, criminal
mischief-damage property; waived to court.

Kay Irene Yeager, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Kanen Jared Dill, Dallastown; simple assault, recklessly endangering another
person, harassment-subject other to physical contact; waived to court.

Ethan Daniel Stein, Harrisburg; criminal mischief-damage property; waived to
court.

Nathan Randall Cruz, Etters; driving under the influence, exceed 55 m.p.h. in
other loc by 31 m.p.h.; waived to court.

Wesley Daniel Minnich, Enola; possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

John Jacob Short, Middletown; theft by unlawful taking-movable property; waived
to court.

Jeremy Jason Whit comb, York Have; burglary, simple assault, defiant
trespass-actual communication to, terroristic threats with intent to terrorize
another, harassment-subject other to physical contact, criminal mischief-damage
property; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           September 7, 2010 Tuesday

Butte sheriff lists Labor Day weekend arrests on Sacramento River

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 395 words



Saturday

Jessica M. Brierly, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Carlos Jeronimo Hernandez, 21, Lodi, drunk in public.

Joshua John Welter, 28, Chico, drunk in public and vandalism.

Sunday

Joshua Fredrick Anderson, 23, Sonoma, drunk in public.

Ryan Ray Baley, 22, Chico, drunk in public.

Krystin Danielle Barker, 20, Santa Barbara, drunk in public.

Derek Thomas Blythe, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Nicholas Barry Brown, 23, Torrence, driving under the influence.

Christina Marie Calhoun, 22, Martinez, drunk in public.

Richard Patrick Calhoun, 21, Martinez, drunk in public.

Brandon Cameron Carlson, 21, Benita, driving under the influence.

Spencer James Chovick, 19, Santa Rosa, drunk in public.

Ralston Arneaux Dawson, 24, Brentwood, possession of a controlled substance.

Mariah Noel Flores, 18, Ventura, drunk in public.

Thomas Patrick Gallagher, 23, San Francisco, driving under the influence.

Davy Mendoza Garcia, 20, San Mateo, driving under the influence.

Taylor Gillespie, 19, Sacramento, vehicle theft.

Taylor Nathaniel Gilmore, 30, Chico, driving under the influence.

Jonathan William Gualotuna, 22, Chico, driving under the influence.

Miles Daniel Huser, 20, Sacramento, drunk in public.

Benjamin Jacobson, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Samantha M. Krentz, 21, Chico, drunk in public.

Hannah Elizabeth Lane, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Taylor Victoria Lewis, 20, San Carlos, drunk in public.

Robert Michael 18, Lothringer, Antioch, drunk in public.

Thomas Alexander 18, Luiz, Lake Forest, drunk in public.

Andrea Maureen Maggiore, 19, Chico, vehicle theft.

Megan Maggiore, 21, Chico, vehicle theft and driving under the influence.

Alexander Manuel Manso, 24, Vallejo, driving under the influence.

Elizabeth McGarraqry, 20, drunk Chico, in public.

Michael Patrick McGuire, 22, Grass Valley, drunk in public.

Claudio A. Morlaes, 22, Chico, driving under the influence.

Ryan Anthony Ramos, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Steve Rankin, 23, Walnut Creek, drunk in public.

Sam Joseph Runco, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Amit Singh Sarkaria, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Cody Lee Smith-Brown, 24, Brentwood, driving under the influence.

Richard L. Storelee, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Ty Mark Stroud, 19, Waterford, drunk in public.

Craig Robert Tatum-Delacruz, 20, Merced, drunk in public and outstanding
warrants.

Summer Marina Thomas, 19, Discovery Bay, vehicle theft.

Nicholas Enrique Zermeno, Chico, 23, drunk in public.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 07/08/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1008 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township
DISPOSITIONS
Michael E. Karabin, 1005 Glenn St., West Belmar, N.J.; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty; paid fine and costs.

Joseph H. Swartz, 3861 Oakleigh Drive; harassment; found guilty; paid fine and
costs.

Tavonne Scott, 38 E. Charles Lane; retail theft; waived to court.

Joseph C. Kohler, 823 Linden Ave., Apt. 3; indecent exposure, open lewdness;
waived to court.

Brett N. Jacobs, 1731 Northview Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Andrew S. Lodge, 662 E. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Yekaterina A. Krinitsina, 1477 W. Princess St.; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, underage drinking; waived to court.

Logan J. Hale, 2351 Meetinghouse Road, Spring Grove:; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, underage drinking; waived to court.

Brittany M. Green, 3621 Middleboro Road, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Brianne M. Pate, 6120 Old Harrisburg Road, York Springs; intent to possess
controlled substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Cody A. Curry, 29 S. Main St., Spring Grove; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Jonathan F. Cerutti, 422 N. Hartley St.; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Julie A. Schuler, 1019 W. King St., 2nd floor; ; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Brian R. Reed, 223 Melinda Drive; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Michael A. Nelson, 1207 W. Poplar St.; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, careless driving, restrictions on alcoholic beverage; waived to
court.

Robin G. Witnermyer, 8 York St., Manchester; ; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Dominic J. Mone, 2741 Riding Way; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Richard E. Lockamy, 1211 W. College Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty; paid fine
and costs.

Ronald R. Cameron III, 75 Maywood Road, Thomasville; ; driving under the
influence: general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, driving under
suspension; waived to court.

Vicki S. Spangler, 2805 Butternut Lane; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; held for court.

Deloni N. Drayden, 23 N. State St., 2nd floor; identity theft, theft of
services; held for court.

Bryant E. Boanes, 436 W. Princess St.; firearms not to be carried without a
license, manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver,
possession of marijuana, underage drinking; waived to court.

Marcus D. Carey, 1000 Country Club Road; retail theft; waived to court.

Sara A. Simpson, 654 N. Lake Road, East Berlin; false ID to law enforcement,
intent to possess a controlled substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Rowdell P. Allen, 2922 Milkyway Drive, Dover; ; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, driving at safe speed; waived to
court.

Athanasios N. Vellios, 1750 Ashland Drive; hindering apprehension; held for
court.

Tara L. Garver, 2356 Maple St.; driving under the influence: general impairment,
highest rate of alcohol, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Katie H. Heird, 262 Deguy Ave., Hanover; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Julie A. Altland, 929 Smith St.; hindering apprehension; held for court.

Daniel D. Wetzel Jr., 1112 W. Poplar St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment; held for court.

Bruce A. Weaver, 132 White Fence Lane; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

John R. Burns, 1476 W. King St.; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving at safe speed, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Daniel S. Flinchbaugh, 307 Larkin Drive, Red Lion; ; driving under the influence
: general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, speeding; waived to court.

Kameron D. Johnson, 876 Tioga St.; small amount of marijuana; waived to court.

Kelly A. Schaszberger, 229 S. Adams St.; ; driving under the influence: general
impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Christina J. Peterson, 59 S. Main St., Dover; false ID to law enforcement,
driving without a license; waived to court.

Christopher Keenan, 307 W. Linfieldtrapp Road, Limerick; burglary, conspire
burglary, theft by unlawful taking, conspire theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Michael A. Frey, 293 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; ; driving under the
influence: general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, disregard traffic lane;
waived to court.

Ashley L. Pluta, 161 Warren Way, Lancaster, ; driving under the influence:
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Florence D. Samonas II, 644 Cleveland Ave.; retail theft; held for court.
---
District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Brian Keith Harlacker, Etters; terroristic threats with intent to terrorize,
harassment; waived to court,

Kristin Brittany Goodall, Mechanicsburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
driving under the influence; waived to court.

Ricky Lee Webb, Charlotte, NC; driving under the influence; held for court.

John Barry Bonham, Manchester; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Donald W. Hofer, Philadelphia; receiving stolen property, escape, simple
assault; waived to court.

Robert Blair Fasick Jr., Pottsville; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Raelee Ann Hockenber ry, Mount Carmel; retail theft-take merchandise; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Lake County News-Sun, Gurnee, Ill.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Blackhawks' influence touches high school hockey in Lake County

BYLINE: Lake County News-Sun, Gurnee, Ill.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 578 words


June 05--The interest in and influence of the Chicago Blackhawks extends far
behind the walls of the United Center that the NHL's dominant franchise calls
home.

During the Stanley Cup Final, it's been felt all the way up in the Lake
Villa/Lindenhurst area of Lake County, where efforts are moving forward to get
the high school hockey team called the Lakers organized for the 2015-2016 year.

Jen Zemba-Stoves, secretary of the Lakers Hockey Club, found that out when
organizing a meeting of parents to energize the community for the coming season.

The meeting was set for 7 p.m. next Monday at the Lake Villa Township building
in Caboose Park (Route 132 and Fairfield Road).

But then, the NHL announced its game schedule for the Stanley Cup Final between
the Blackhawks and Tampa Bay Lightning.

And sure enough, Game 3 was scheduled for the United Center with the puck drop
shortly after -- you guessed it -- 7 p.m. next Monday.

That left Zemba-Stoves and other program officers with two choices: Hold a
meeting that only they will attend, or change the meeting time.

The parents' meeting is now at 6.

One of the purposes of the meeting is to familiarize parents of players with the
new coaches, plans for the season and the registration process.

"We've made a significant change to our coaching staff," Zemba-Stoves said.

The Lakers are a combined team, drawing players from several area high schools,
including Lakes, Antioch, Grayslake Central, Grayslake North and Grant.

Heading the Lakers in 2015-2016 are hockey director Warren Sundt, varsity head
coach Jim Krappel, and JV head coach Nick Cosmano.

They'll all be at Caboose Park at 6 p.m. on Monday.

Tim Conn is president of the Lakers Hockey Club and Michael Lapinskas is vice
president.

In addition to playing hockey, the Lakers also get involved in efforts to
enhance the community. Last year, the program connected with Toys For Tots and
assisted that program.

Parents with questions about Monday's meeting can send them to Zemba-Stoves at
jkstoves@gmail.com

Kenosha hockey

The Kenosha Adult Hockey Club, in conjunction with the Kenosha Komets' youth
program and the Kenosha Ice Arena, will hold a "Hot Cars on Ice" car show on
Sunday, June 14.

The event will be held from 8 a.m. until 2 p.m. in the Kenosha Ice Arena parking
lot (east of Green Bay Road and south of Route 50).

Trophies will be awarded in several categories and will aid a longtime Kenosha
hockey player with medical bills. Admission is free and everyone is welcome to
attend.

"The car show is a fundraiser to benefit John Rasch who has recently been
diagnosed with cancer," said event organizer and classic car enthusiast Wally
Kroncke. "We're hoping everyone in the local hockey community and car community
will come out to support a great cause and help us help John fight the good
fight."

The entry fee is $10 per vehicle with all makes, models, and years of cars and
trucks welcome.

Hot Cars on Ice also offers swap spaces for $10. Visitors can win door prizes,
participate in a 50/50 raffle, and bid on a variety of raffle items. Food and
beverages are available with a DJ playing music throughout the day.

For more information, call Kroncke at wkroncke17@yahoo.com Information also is
available on at Facebook.com/events by searching "Hot Cars on Ice."

___ (c)2015 the Lake County News-Sun (Lake County, Ill.) Visit the Lake County
News-Sun (Lake County, Ill.) at
www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/lake-county-news-sun Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150605-LNS-Blackhawks-influence
-touches-high-school-hockey-in-Lake-County-0605-20150605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                                 Copyright 2015


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 12/county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 10/county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

California: AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving
under the influence.

LENGTH: 1004  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


The State of California has issued the following news release:

AB 2690, as amended, Mullin. Regional transportation plan. Driving under the
influence.
Existing law makes it a crime to operate a vehicle while under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, and sets forth the penalties for a violation of these
provisions. Existing law provides that a person who is guilty of driving under
the influence or driving under the influence causing injury, is subject to
enhanced penalties if the current offense occurred within 10 years of a prior
conviction that was punished as a felony for driving under the influence,
driving under the influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross
negligence.
This bill would instead authorize those enhanced penalties for a current
conviction for driving under the influence or driving under the influence
causing injury that occurs within 10 years of a separate conviction that was
punished as a felony for driving under the influence, driving under the
influence causing injury, or vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence.
By changing the scope of penalties for existing crimes, this bill would impose a
state-mandated local program.
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and
school districts for certain costs mandated by the state. Statutory provisions
establish procedures for making that reimbursement.
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a
specified reason.

Existing law creates the Metropolitan Transportation Commission as the
transportation planning agency for the 9-county Bay Area, with various
transportation planning and programming responsibilities. Existing law requires
each transportation planning agency to develop and adopt a regional
transportation plan. Existing law requires the commission, when developing the
regional transportation plan for the Bay Area region, to consider various
matters as well as the plans of other agencies.

This bill would make nonsubstantive changes to these provisions.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NOYES   Local Program:
NOYES
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 23550.5 of the Vehicle Code is amended to read:

23550.5.
 (a) A person is guilty of a public offense, punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000) if that person is convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153, and the offense occurred within 10 years of any of the
following:
(1) A prior separate violation of Section 23152 that was punished as a felony
under Section 23550 or this section, or both, or under former Section 23175 or
former Section 23175.5, or both.
(2) A prior separate violation of Section 23153 that was punished as a felony.
(3) A prior separate violation of paragraph (1) of subdivision (c) of Section
192 of the Penal Code that was punished as a felony.
(b) Each person who, having previously been convicted of a violation of
subdivision (a) of Section 191.5 of the Penal Code, a felony violation of
subdivision (b) of Section 191.5, or a violation of subdivision (a) of Section
192.5 of the Penal Code, is subsequently convicted of a violation of Section
23152 or 23153 is guilty of a public offense punishable by imprisonment in the
state prison or confinement in a county jail for not more than one year and by a
fine of not less than three hundred ninety dollars ($390) nor more than one
thousand dollars ($1,000).
(c) The privilege to operate a motor vehicle of a person convicted of a
violation that is punishable under subdivision (a) or (b) shall be revoked by
the department under pursuant to paragraph (7) of subdivision (a) of Section
13352, unless paragraph (6) of subdivision (a) of Section 13352 is also
applicable, in which case the privilege shall be revoked under that provision.
The court shall require the person to surrender the driver's license to the
court in accordance with Section 13550.
(d) A person convicted of a violation of Section 23152 or 23153 that is
punishable under this section shall be designated as a habitual traffic offender
for a period of three years, subsequent to the conviction. The person shall be
advised of this designation under subdivision (b) of Section 13350.

SEC. 2.
 No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII
B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by
a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a
new crime or infraction, eliminates a crime or infraction, or changes the
penalty for a crime or infraction, within the meaning of Section 17556 of the
Government Code, or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of
Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution.
SECTION 1.Section 66509 of the Government Code is amended to read:
66509.

In developing the regional transportation plan, the commission shall consider:

(a)The plan recommended by the Bay Area Transportation Study Commission, with
modifications as recommended by the Regional Transportation Planning Committee.

(b)The ecological, economic, and social impact of existing and future regional
transportation systems upon various facets of the region, including, but not
limited to, housing, employment, recreation, environmental quality, land-use
policies, and the economically disadvantaged.

(c)The regional plans prepared and adopted by organizations concerned with
policies and programs designed to meet the near- and long-term planning needs of
the region. That consideration by the commission shall include, but not be
limited to, plans prepared and adopted by the Association of Bay Area
Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and
the state Office of Planning and Research.

For further information please visit: http://assembly.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

USA may influence Georgia's position on Russia's WTO accession - top diplomat

LENGTH: 257 words


The USA may influence Georgia's position concerning Russia's accession to the
WTO, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov told Gazprom-owned,
editorially independent Russian radio station Ekho Moskvy, in an interview on 17
March.

"I have no doubts that the USA can influence Georgia's position. Here the
questions are whether the USA wants to do this and if so, then to what extent.

"I emphasize that in the stance on Russia's accession to the WTO there is no
place for the politicking which Mr Saakashvili is trying to impose on us. The
issues of Russia's accession to the WTO are strictly trade and economic issues;
they may be resolved if there is mutual comprehensive understanding and talks of
exactly this particular nature, and rejection of attempts to introduce a topic
to the negotiation fabric that is irrelevant."

"In actual fact, there is nothing special or taboo here for us. Trade regime
issues, they can be discussed. Many people love Borzhomi [Georgian mineral
water], let us come to an agreement on the conditions for Russia's accession to
the WTO which will be acceptable for us and we will see what to do with
Borzhomi, with Khvanchkara [Georgian red wine] and with the rest. But one must
not try to use negotiations on the WTO as an instrument to change unalterable
and unchangeable political new realities in the Caucasus," Ryabkov said.

(BBC Monitoring note: Russia banned imports of Georgian wine and mineral water
in 2006. Georgia wants the ban lifted.)

Source: Ekho Moskvy radio, Moscow, in Russian 1335 gmt 17 Mar 11

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 22, 2006, Monday

INNERVIEWS;
'I could be very effective'

BYLINE: Sandy Wells

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 1452 words


Calling Amy Weintraub an activist would be like calling the pope a preacher - an
understatement.

Active? Well, causes that command her concern include breastfeeding,
reproductive rights, foreign adoption, domestic violence, world peace,
education, children's health, substance abuse, politics, the environment and her
neighborhood, for starters.

She's a liberal Democrat, obviously. But that do-good progressiveness sprouted
from Republican roots in Spencer. Involved even as a youngster, she laid some
advocacy groundwork in 4-H and student government, then spread her wings as a
Rotary International Exchange student in Finland. Her cosmopolitan education
continued at Emory University in Atlanta, New York University in Manhattan and
during visits with her aunt in San Francisco.

She married a New York City native and moved to Maine. Pregnancy pulled her back
to West Virginia, where she wanted to rear her child.

In Charleston, the bright, vibrant crusader found a can-do community filled with
kindred spirits.

After seven years as a stay-at-home mom, she's itching to return to the
workforce full-time. All that energy needs an outlet.

She's 37.

"I'M from Spencer in Roane County. My parents were in college when I was born.
They were young parents and were very involved in our lives. They loved to have
fun with us. Our friends called us the Milton Bradley family.

"My dad was a football coach. I learned early how your professional life
influences the home. Whether the team won or lost pretty much dictated the mood
of our family. My mother was an elementary school teacher, so she was intimately
engaged in the life of children inside and outside the school.

"I was definitely interested in teaching, because I enjoy helping people learn,
but as I got into high school, I started learning more about politics and I was
drawn to that, too. My grandfather was a small business owner in Spencer and
what they call a Lincoln Republican. He was very interested in politics on every
level and that had a great influence on me.

"So I got involved with teenage Republicans in Roane County and went to the GOP
Youth Camp in Webster County. My high school life was incredibly rich. I was
involved in student government and 4-H, which has a whole civics arena. I was
president of the Spencer Challengers 4-H Club and saw what influence I could
have over organizing a group.

"Roane County General Hospital opened in the mid-'70s, and a lot of Filipino
doctors came in with their children, and we grew up together. The
Filipino-American community was an awesome group to be exposed to. So were the
hippies. Back-to-the-landers came to Spencer from Boston, Philadelphia and New
York, and we had farms and art galleries. So I had some really cool influences
even in Roane County.

"My senior year, I was a Rotary International Exchange Student in Finland. Can
you imagine a small town girl from Spencer going to Scandinavia, to a city about
three times the size of Charleston? Furthermore, it's a socialist democracy, so
I saw principles of economics and social class applied in an absolutely
different way. I came back with a new worldview.

"When I registered to vote as an 18-year-old at Emory College in Atlanta, I
registered as a Democrat. I asked them first if my grandfather would ever find
out.

"At Emory, I got very involved in feminine politics. I started learning about
things like reproductive freedom. The Women's Health Clinic in Atlanta in the
late 1980s was being bombarded by anti-choice zealots. We would escort patients
from their cars to the clinics so they would have support as they walked through
scary protesters. And I was involved in all sorts of lobbying for reproductive
rights.

"I had an aunt who lived in San Francisco and I would visit her. To have that
kind of exposure to cosmopolitan life and urban life issues and the arts and
political communities of San Francisco really opened my eyes, too.

"I went to graduate school at New York University and met my husband, Marc
Weintraub, there.

"I studied comparative religion intending to get a doctorate, but after two
years, I was tired of being poor in New York. I was a graduate assistant in the
academic advising office for the College of Arts and Sciences. When they offered
me a full-time job, I decided not to pursue the Ph.D.

"When Marc and I decided on a permanent commitment and were thinking about
building a family, I knew staying in New York would present some real
challenges. We moved to Maine where both of us had family connections.

"When I got pregnant, I was overwhelmed by the pull to come back to West
Virginia. I asked my husband, this native New Yorker, if he would consider
looking for a job here.

"He called some law firms and came here for a week of interviews and fell in
love with the legal climate. He found it so much more accessible and friendly.
We haven't looked back since. He was with Steptoe and Johnson and just changed
to Bailey and Glasser.

"I decided to stay at home. I loved my baby, Jeremiah, but I found life at home
with a newborn very isolating. I didn't have any friends. In the meantime, my
husband was making all kinds of friends at the firm.

"After about eight months, I made my first friend through a kinder-music class,
one of those mommy and baby singing and movement classes. At that time, Kasey
Russell was working for West Virginia Free, and she knew I'd had experience in
the pro-choice movement in college, so she got me interested in that.

"Once I started becoming engaged, I saw so many places where activism was
needed, so I just dived in. I got a job as public affairs coordinator for
Planned Parenthood and got involved in Mothers & More, a group that supports
women as they sequence in and out of the paid workforce to care for children.
And I also got involved in the East End Association.

"Sandra Barkey and some other neighbors and I started raising money for the park
on the corner of Elizabeth Street. We raised tens of thousands of dollars to
beautify the park and get playground equipment and a fence. So my projects can
go from a new playground to making sure all state women have access to
reproductive health services.

"My latest thing is breastfeeding advocacy. We lobbied the last two years to
make it so women have a right to nursing their child anywhere they would
otherwise have the right to be with their children. I wish society gave more
support to women who make that health decision for their children.

"I coordinated several East End precincts for the John Kerry campaign. It was
exhausting, and then to suffer the loss we did, it took me a while to get over
it. I'm not sure I will ever invest that amount of hope in a candidate again.
But I learned a lot, including how to form a grass roots movement in Charleston.

"We decided we wanted to grow our family through adoption after having one
biological child. I was always interested in China. The one child per family
policy controls their population, but it also leaves thousands of girls without
homes when they are abandoned.

"I couldn't change the policy or the cultural bias toward boys, but what I could
do is get one girl and bring her home. We brought Caroline home in December
2002. We're very involved in From China With Love, a Chinese adopted family
support group.

"I occasionally help nonprofits with fund raising and board development. This
past year, I've worked with the West Virginia Coalition Against Domestic
Violence, the YWCA and Patriots for Peace. But I miss full-time work. Caroline
will be in full day school in September, and I am very eager to get back into
full-time work in nonprofit public policy areas where I can make a difference.

"I've always been involved in groups that advocate for social change and better,
healthier lives. To be part of a group doing that on a bigger scale would be
very exciting for me. I think I could be very effective.

"There are so many things I want to get involved in, it's hard for me to decide.
That's the thing I love about Charleston. If you want to get involved here, just
show up at a meeting and raise your hand, and you are in charge of the next
event. Come a few more times, and you can be president. People here are so
willing to embrace others who are interested.

"I'm not a Baptist anymore. When I moved to Charleston, a friend invited me to
the Unitarian Universalist congregation. From the moment I stepped in the door,
I felt I had found my spiritual home. It was a great fit.

"I'm an extroverted, community-minded mother who likes to build coalitions and
organizations around fellow activists. That comes from a passion for love, a
passion for justice and a passion for humanity."

To contact staff writer Sandy Wells, e-mail sandyw@wvgazette

.com or call 348-5173.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

US Patent granted to THE BROAD INSTITUTE INC (US) on December 29, titled as 'T
CELL BALANCE GENE EXPRESSION, COMPOSITIONS OF MATTERS AND METHODS OF USE
THEREOF'

LENGTH: 247 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20160377631, on December 29 2016, to THE BROAD INSTITUTE INC (US), titled as
'T CELL BALANCE GENE EXPRESSION, COMPOSITIONS OF MATTERS AND METHODS OF USE
THEREOF'



 Inventors: Kuchroo; Vijay; (Newton, MA) ; REGEV; Aviv; (Cambridge, MA) ;
GAUBLOMME; Jellert; (Maasmechelen, BE) ; LEE; Youjin; (San Francisco, CA) ;
SHALEK; Alexander K.; (Lexington, MA) ; WANG; Chao; (Cambridge, MA) ; YOSEF;
Nir; (Richmond, CA) ; PARK; Hongkun; (Cambridge, MA)



 Assignee: THE BROAD INSTITUTE INC (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'This
invention relates generally to compositions and methods for identifying the
regulatory network that modulates, controls or otherwise influences T cell
balance, for example, Th17 cell differentiation, maintenance and/or function, as
well compositions and methods for exploiting the regulatory network that
modulates, controls or otherwise influences T cell balance in a variety of
therapeutic and/or diagnostic indications. This invention also relates generally
to identifying and exploiting target genes and/or target gene products that
modulate, control or otherwise influence T cell balance in a variety of
therapeutic and/or diagnostic indications.'



 The patent was filed on August 24, 2016 Application no. 15/245748



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Hawaii: Hawaii Department of Health Announces Members of Selection Panel for
Medical Marijuana Dispensary Licenses

LENGTH: 1183  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Honolulu: Department of Health, The State of Hawaii has issued the following
news release:



   The Hawaii State Department of Health (DOH) has named five members to the
selection panel for review of the first Medical Marijuana Dispensary licensees.
The Department assembled the panel by identifying individuals with relevant
experience and knowledge to review the applications and assist DOH in selecting
the most qualified applicants.



 "It is critical that the selection process be as fair and objective as possible
and free from improper outside influence, said Health Director Dr. Virginia
Pressler. "It is equally important that the process be as transparent as
possible without compromising its integrity."

 Panel members were screened for potential conflicts with any of the dispensary
license applicants or persons associated with the applicants. In addition, panel
members have been instructed to refrain from discussing the applicants or the
selection process with each other or anyone else during the selection process.

 If an applicant, representative of an applying entity, member of the media,
legislator or other government official, member of the public, or any other
person contacts a selection panel member to discuss an applicant or the
selection process, or tries to influence their decisions in any way, the panel
member is required to immediately report the contact to DOH.

 Any attempt by a dispensary license applicant to contact or influence a
selection panel member may adversely affect their application. In addition, any
contact by an applicant or any other

 person with a selection panel member may result in that panel member being
disqualified, which will necessitate a new panel member being selected and delay
the selection process. Therefore, DOH respectfully requests that no one attempt
to contact the panel members until after the selection process is completed, and
the dispensary licensees have been announced.

 Barring any unforeseen delays, the names of the selected dispensary licensees
are expected to be announced by April 15, 2016, pursuant to section 329D-5(b),
Hawaii Revised Statutes.

 Members of the panel include:

 H. David Bess

 As a professor of Management and Transportation at the University of Hawaii at
Manoa, Bess currently teaches courses in organizational behavior, the external
environment of business, and human resources management. Bess has more than 40
years of experience in administrative positions at the University of Hawaii in
the Office of the Chancellor and the Office of the Vice President of Academic
Affairs as well as the College of Business Administration where he served as
Dean from 1981-1998. He has had visiting appointments at Kings Point and UCLA,
Oregon State University, and the University of Colorado at Denver.

 Bess earned his BS degree in Nautical Science from the U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy, and his MBA and Ph.D. in transportation management from the University
of California, Los Angeles.

 He has authored two books, numerous articles and chapters and has served as a
member of both the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business and the
Western Association of Schools and Colleges accreditation teams. He has served
on the Board of Directors of over ten public and private organizations and
currently serves on the boards of AlohaCare, the Hawaii Chapter of the American
Red Cross, and the Japan-America Institute of Management Science Foundation.

 James E. Duffy, Jr.

 James E. Duffy, Jr. is a retired associate justice of the Hawaii State Supreme
Court. Duffy earned a bachelor's degree from the College of St. Thomas and a
doctorate of jurisprudence from Marquette University. He was a member of the
Board of Editors of the Marquette Law Review. A founding member of the firm
Fujiyama Duffy and Fujiyama and a trial lawyer for 35 years, Duffy represented
both plaintiffs and defendants in diverse matters, including

 professional liability, products liability, personal injury, commercial,
business and general civil matters.

 Duffy has served as a mediator, arbitrator and special master for matters
involving business, commercial, real estate, insurance, employment, labor,
trust, probate, tort, products liability, personal injury, and professional
liability. He is a past President of the Hawaii State Bar Association, and is a
member of the American College of Trial Lawyers, and the American Board of Trial
Advocates.

 John Fisher III, Pharm. D.

 Fisher is the scientific director of Keystone Laboratories and a lab inspector
for the College of American Pathologists. He was a founding incorporator of the
Alabama Poison Center in 1981 and served as its director until 2013. Fisher
earned a BS in Pharmacy from Samford University and a PharmD degree from the
University of Tennessee Center for Health Sciences.

 Fisher has served on the faculty of the University of Alabama School of
Medicine, Capstone College of Nursing, Samford University School of Pharmacy,
and Auburn University School of Pharmacy.

 Fisher is a diplomate of the American Board of Applied Toxicology and a Fellow
of the American Academy of Clinical Toxicology. He has been the scientific
director at a College of American Pathologists certified Forensic Urine Drug
Testing Laboratory, and has served as a laboratory inspector for certifying
organizations.

 Phyllis Shimabukuro-Geiser

 Shimabukuro-Geiser is the Deputy to the Chairperson of the Hawaii Board of
Agriculture. A long time agriculture advocate, she served as president of
Mikilua Poultry Farm in Waianae and vice president of the Associated Producers
Corp. in Honolulu. Shimabukuro-Geiser has a BS degree with distinction in Animal
Science from the University of Hawaii at Manoa and an MS degree in Avian
Sciences from the University of California, Davis. She is a member of the World
Poultry Science Association, and Gamma Sigma Delta Agricultural Honor Society.

 Keith R. Ridley

 As the chief of the Office of Health Care Assurance with the Hawaii State
Department of Health, Ridley has overall management and operational
responsibility for the state licensure of all health care facilities and federal
certification survey program for all Medicare facilities throughout the

 state. Prior to joining the state in 2008, he was an independent healthcare
consultant specializing in long-range planning and project management. His more
than 30 years of management experience includes being the chief executive
officer of a rural acute care hospital, hospital department business manager,
and leading the reimbursement contract negotiations with all healthcare
facilities for Hawaii's Blue Cross Blue Shield insurer. Ridley has a Master's
degree in Business Administration and a Graduate Certificate in Healthcare
Administration from Hawaii Pacific University. He is a member of the Healthcare
Financial Management Association (HFMA) and the American College of Healthcare
Executives and served in voluntary management leadership roles with HFMA locally
and regionally.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 17, 2015 Monday

Leader says Iran to oppose US economic, political, cultural influence

LENGTH: 656 words


Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamene'i has said that the Islamic
Republic will firmly oppose economic, political, cultural influence in Iran on
the part of the USA, the official website of the Supreme Leader, Khamenei.ir
reported on 17 August.

The Leader made the remarks at a meeting with participants in the 8th session of
General Assembly of Islamic Radio and Television Union under way in Tehran and
the Ahlul-Bayt (Family of the House) World Assembly on 17 August. Khamenei.ir
published a summary of Khamene'i's speech.

Speaking about "dealing decisively with America's attempts to exploit the
results of the nuclear talks and the economic, political, cultural influence in
Iran on the part of the USA", he said: "The plan of the hegemonic power [USA] in
the region is based on two basic aspects: To create discord and exert influence,
which should constantly and consciously be dealt with using correct defensive
and offensive measures". He added that "at this moment, the names of Shi'i and
Sunni are being used in order to sow discord among nations".

Khamene'i went on to talk about pressure exerted on Iran. "The Islamic Republic
has been the target of threats, sanctions, pressure, and various political
conspiracies over the past 35 years and the Iranian nation has become accustomed
to the pressure," he stressed.

He also talked about the Islamic awaking movement in the region that started
from the north of Africa a few years ago and said that "they thought they would
be able to suppress the Islamic awakening movement but this movement cannot be
suppressed and will continue and sooner or later, will show that it is real".

Talking about the behaviour of the USA, he said that "America has no interest in
human morality and it does evil things and commits crimes without any hesitation
and under the cover of beautiful words and smiles".

Elaborating on "sowing discord among nations", he said: "When the evil regimes
were overthrown under Islamic slogans in Tunisia and Egypt, Americans and
Zionists decided to use this formula for the destruction of resisting countries
and started with Syria".

"After the beginning of the adventure in Syria, some blind Muslims became
engaged in the plan and by helping the enemy, they brought Syria to such a
situation," Khamene'i said an added: "There were attempts to describe what is
happening in Iraq, Syria, Yemen and other areas as a 'religious war', which is
not a religious war at all, but a political war".

He stressed that "the most important task today is to eliminate these
differences".

Ayatollah Khamene'i said: "We have said clearly and openly that the Islamic
Republic of Iran is calling for friendship with all Islamic states of the region
and have no problem with Muslim governments".

Talking about "evil plans" of the USA, he said that" the United States seeks to
have influence in the region for decades and to restore its lost dignity".

Talking about regional issues, Khamene'i said that Iran would not allow the USA
to achieve its goals in the region, adding that "dividing Iraq and, if they can,
Syria is a clear target of America, but the territorial integrity of
neighbouring countries, Iraq and Syria, is very important to us".

He said that Iran would defend resistance in the region, including the
Palestinian resistance, and support anyone, who fights Israel and the Zionist
regime".

Talking about Iran's interference in Yemen and Bahrain, he said that "contrary
to unfounded claims, we do not interfere in these countries, but will continue
to support oppressed people".

He advised Muslims in Pakistan and Afghanistan to be vigilant and resolve their
problems with insight.

At the end of his speech, Khamene'i praised the activities of the Islamic Radio
and Television Union in countering the US-Zionist media empire and said that the
union's activities "should be fully strengthened and expanded".

Source: Khamenei.ir, Tehran, in Persian 0000gmt 17 Aug 15

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Police say driver in fatal crash was under the influence

BYLINE: By ALI TADAYON,

SECTION: THE WEST; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 244 words


Blackfoot man accused of killing Richard Peyope in an October head-on vehicle
collision reportedly was under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol at the time
of the crash.

Bingham County Prosecutor Cleve Colson confirmed Friday that Jody Underwood, 39,
is charged with committing

vehicular manslaughter while under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol the
night of Oct. 7, which resulted in the felony status of the charge.

According to court records, Underwood was convicted for driving under the
influence in Bannock County in 2008.

Idaho State Police District 5 spokesman Lt. Ismael Gonzales said either a blood
or urine sample was taken from Underwood the night of the accident, and that it
was a deciding factor in the charge against him.

Underwood reportedly was traveling north at a high rate of speed on U.S. Highway
91 when he crashed head-on into Peyope's vehicle near the Bronco Road
intersection, 7 miles south of Blackfoot.

Peyope, 45, was a tribal member.

Both vehicles caught fire. Underwood was flown by air ambulance to Portneuf
Medical Center in Pocatello and later to the University of Utah Burn Center in
Salt Lake City.

Underwood was arrested Wednesday on a felony warrant for vehicular manslaughter.
He remained in custody at the Bingham County Jail on Friday with bond set at
$10,000.

Felony vehicular manslaughter while under the influence is punishable by up to
15 years in prison compared to the 10-year maximum sentence for felony
manslaughter.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 7, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 447 words


SHOSHONE COUNTY

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114. Most contempt warrants can be taken care
of by contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

Aaron C. Johnson - 26, Grass Valley, Calif., two warrants of attachment, failure
to purchase a driver's license, failure to register vehicle, possession of less
than three ounces of marijuana, possession of paraphernalia, $414 cash bond.

Brian A. Johnston - 29, Wallace, warrant of arrest, disturbing the peace,
malicious injury to property, driving without privileges, assault, $5,000 bond.

Jerome K. Johnson - 24, Thompson Falls, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving
without privileges, $332 bond.

Marilyn J. Johnson - 56, Darby, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $630 bond with first $500 cash only.

William C. Jonnston - 39, Airway Heights, Wash., bench warrant, petty theft,
$2,000 bond.

Craig A. Jones - 45, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving under the influence
, possession of drug paraphernalia, $666 cash bond.

David W. Jones - 47, Mullan, warrant of attachment, driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $218 cash bond.

Diane E. Jones - 52, Corvallis, Mont., warrant of attachment, forgery, $275 cash
bond.

Joshua W. Jones - 26, Watford City, N.D., warrant of arrest, inattentive
driving, $2,000 bond.

Joseph Q. Jones, aka Joseph Fred - 40, Kingston, bench warrant, battery, $500
bond.

Marvin M. Jones - 42, Wallace, warrant of arrest, fishing without a valid
license, $150 bond.

Michael D. Jones - 39, Kellogg, bench warrant, inattentive driving, two days in
jail.

Michael E. Jones, aka Edward Michael  - 28, Selah, Wash., warrant of attachment,
driving while suspended, $257 bond.

Ronald F. Jones - 47, Kellogg, warrant of arrest, failure to purchase a driver's
license, $300 bond.

Wiley W. Jones - 59, Miami, Okla., warrant of arrest, bypass scales, $300 bond.

Barbara P. Jorgensen - 57, Hays, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, $465 cash bond.

Janemarie  Jorgensen - 68, Wallace, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $115 bond.

Jason L. Jorgensen - 24, Hamilton, Mont., bench warrant, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $300 cash bond.

Paul G. Juhlke - 46, Sandpoint, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, $1,065 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                           November 18, 2004 Thursday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 498 words


Dispositions

Sharon D. Buntin, 520 Impounding Dam Road, Hanover; driving under the influence,
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, failure to keep right; waived to
court [District Justice James S. Miner].

Noah A. Marcotte, 555 Baer Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited; paid costs
[Miner].

Sean L. Mosley, 39 S. Market St., Millerstown; criminal mischief; paid costs
[Miner].

Shane Hoffman, 852 McAllister St., Hanover; liquor law; paid costs [Miner].

Juvenile, Glen Rock; tobacco on school property; paid costs [Miner].

Wendell Davis Jr., 1401 Maple Ave., Baltimore, Md.; violation of rules, parking;
paid costs [Miner].

Jeri L. Hale, 15228 Mount Olivet Road, Stewartstown; wage tax; paid costs
[Miner].

Karl R. Grimm, 167 Switchpoint Drive, Stewartstown; bad check; paid costs
[Miner].

Andrew T. Malcolm, 159 Forry Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; paid costs [Miner].

Brandy A. Traversie, 528 Lexington Way, Littlestown; fish without a license;
paid costs [Miner].

Jody M. Caler, 216 W. Chestnut St., Hanover; bad check; paid costs [Miner].

Clyde W. Ellis, 8605 N. Druip Ave., Portland, Ore.; fishing without license;
paid costs [Miner].

Juvenile, Pittsburgh; soliciting; paid costs [Miner].

Stephanie R. Butler, 707 McAllister St., Hanover; harassment; paid costs
[Miner].

Charles A. Coffee, 543 Poplar St., Hanover; driving under the influence, driving
without a license; waived to court [Miner].

John J. Bankert, 98 Beck Mill Road, Hanover; driving under the influence,
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, careless driving, driving at safe
speed; held for court [Miner].

Crystal G. Kingan, 38 Appler Court, Littlestown; driving under the influence,
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, disorderly conduct; waived to court
[Miner].

James A. Meckley, 24 Black Rock Road, Hanover; driving under the influence,
general impairment, highest rate of alcohol, restriction on alcoholic beverages,
no rear lights; waived to court [Miner].

Chad M. Williams, 1125 Old Harrisburg Road, Gettysburg; terroristic threats,
disorderly conduct, misdemeanor; held for court [Miner].

Vernon A. Keller, R 810.5 York St., Hanover; aggravated assault, recklessly
endangering welfare of children, recklessly endangering another person; held for
court [Miner].

Billy J. Kraft, 319 N. Franklin St., Hanover; driving under the influence,
general impairment, minors, signal improper, failure to keep right, driving
under suspension, trespass by motor vehicle; held for court [Miner].

Shanon N. Flickinger, 96 Sycamore Lane, Hanover; sell, furnish liquor to minors;
waived to court [Miner].

District Justice James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2004


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            April 30, 2008 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 04/30/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1204 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross's office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Jennifer Cobaugh, 513 Slaseman Drive, Lot 17, New Cumberland; forgery; waived to
court.

Ashley Shettle, 120 White Dogwood Drive, Etters; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Harrison Porr, 32 Lindley Murray Road, Palmyra; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Eric Schmiedel, 2665 Sultan Supreme Way; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Danny Arnold II, 3260 Davidsburg Road, Dover; terroristic threats; held for
court.

Martin Kidd Jr., 19 Dunkle Ave., York Haven; loitering and prowling at
nighttime; held for court.

Mark Albright, 210 Kise Mill Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Jeffrey Andreuzzi, 28 Rose of Sharon Drive, Etters; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Thomas Colt, 4290 King George Drive, Apt. D, Harrisburg; criminal mischief; held
for court.

James Wright III, 942 Grantham Road, Grantham; terroristic threats; held for
court.

Dustin Green, 75 Cedar Hill Drive, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

William Meade, 114 S. Lockwillow Ave., Harrisburg; sell/furnish liquor, etc. to
minor; held for court.

Wayne Barkowsky, 13 Meadowbrook Trailer Court, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Michael Borne, 4260 Bull Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Dylan Ritter, 52 Erford Road, Camp Hill; robbery; held for court.

Christopher Barton, 29 N. York St., Etters; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Andrew Fortenbaugh, 213 Tall Oak Drive, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Richard Sutton, 1830 Cly Road, York Haven; luring child into vehicle or
structure; held for court.

Harold Perkins, 50 Bridle Court, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Joshua Senft, 865 Clifton Heights, Hummelstown; theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

Shane Eckert, c/o York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; burglary; waived to
court.

Jacqueline Bixby, 350 Far mill Road, P.O. Box 178, Grantville; bad checks;
settled.

Corey Stoner, 500 Cassel Road, Manchester; criminal mischief; summery case,
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Francisco Roldan, 107 Old York Road, Lot 112, New Cumberland; terroristic
threats; held for court.

Brian Kores, NFA; simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

Benjamin Lewis, 2516 Carlson Road, Jamestown, NY; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Shawn Wagner, 510 Grandview Drive, Apt. B, Lewisberry; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Michael Benson, 261 Valley Road, Etters; theft by unlawful taking; held for
court.

Juan Marrero, 61 Rose of Sharon Road, Etters; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Key Rivas, 61 Rose of Sharon Road, Etters; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Keith Barbour, 429 W. Main St., Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Matthew Yeatts, 862 Lexington Place, Lewisberry; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Christopher Coviello, 2615 Shingos Circle, Grantham; burglary; waived to court.

Adam Lloyd, 103 Mountain Road, Shermansdale; theft by unlawful taking-movable
property; waived to court.

Lawrence Gould, 6702 Huntington St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Teresa Rivera, 61 Rose of Sharon Road, Etters; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Carmalo Rivas, 61 Rose of Sharon Road, Etters; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Megan Kline, 615 Copenhaffer Road; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Hildebrandt, 605 A Evergreen Road, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Wendy Baldic, 320 Bridge St., New Cumberland; procure for self/other drug by
friend; held for court.

Keith Jolley Sr., 2970 Grandview Drive, York Haven; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Matthew Hilton, 217 Sunset Drive, New Cumberland; robbery; held for court.

Javier Correa, 572 Salem Ave.; harassment; held for court.

William Jones Jr., 107 Old York Road, New Cumberland; possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Steven Seibert Jr., 313 Ross Ave., New Cumberland; theft by unlawful taking;
held for court.

Timothy Rowbottom, 46 Chestnut Hill Road, Dillsburg; forgery; waived to court.

Jordan N. Wise, 2102 Camper Road, Washington Boro; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Adam Johnson, 365 Pleasantview Drive, Etters; possession of marijuana; held for
court.

Stephanie Alexander, 55 Dubbers Drive, Etters; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Louis Steffens, 258 Locust St., Columbia; failure to comply with registration
required; waived to court.

Terry Albright, 280 Kise Mill Road, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Colin Roddy, 2040 Garnet Road; loitering and prowling at nighttime; held for
court.

Jonathan Colbert, 56 Lone Circle, Middletown; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Ricky Druck, 461 Garriston Road, York Haven; resist arrest/other law
enforcement; waived to court.

Ronald Riebling, 130 Steinhour Road, York Haven; possession of marijuana; waived
to court.

Eugene Kauffman, 701 Cassel Road, Manchester; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim town ships.
DISPOSITIONS
Betsy Anne Hoke, 42 Dakota Drive, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property, identity theft, access device fraud; held for court.

Joseph S. Lechlinski Jr., 6 Violet Drive, Hanover; fleeing or eluding law
enforcement, reckless driving, careless driving, driving at safe speed, improper
passing, follow too closely, stop sign, driving under suspension, not yielding
at roadway; held for court.

Lauren Jean Morrell, 13 Marie Drive, Hanover; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held
for court.

Terrance Moore, 183 Center St., Hanover; simple assault, harassment; held for
court.

Andrew W. Shriver, 1131 William St., Hanover; simple assault, recklessly
endangering another person; waived to court.

Troy Hawkins, 535 Baltimore St., Hanover; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile, liquor law; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Bradley Livingston, 1543 Biglerville Road, Apt. 1, Gettysburg; criminal
trespass; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Andrea Okleshen, 1349 Wanda Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Richard A. Watson, 709 Frederick St., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Hanover Juvenile, disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Mildred Gifford, 418 Baltimore St., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; skateboard violation; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Mindy Ann Myers, 4874 Camp Woods Road, Glenville; criminal mischief; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Elizabeth Burns, 55 Tollgate Road, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Keith Gable, 158 Bowman Road, Apt. 11B, Hanover; public drunkenness; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Glenville Juvenile; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; ride/operate skateboard; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            February 9, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Get In The Game, Florida,Move Up The Presidential Primary

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 493 words


The nation is nearly two years away from choosing a new president, yet every
contender is making his or her way to Florida in search of campaign
contributions and workers. They're not coming here to court voters, as they do
in New Hampshire and Iowa, but to raise cash.

Florida is a fundraiser's paradise, but an electoral afterthought.

To change that reality and increase the state's influence in presidential
elections, House Speaker Marco Rubio and others want to push up our presidential
primary, perhaps as early as the last Tuesday in January - a week after the New
Hampshire primary.

The effort is a good - albeit risky - move. The change would make Florida a
major player in the nomination battles of both political parties. It wouldn't
mess with tradition, since New Hampshire and Iowa would still go first. But it
would encourage candidates to meet with a greater diversity of voters and give
Floridians a chance to influence the choices and the national agenda.

The downside, of course, is that the move will touch off a game of leapfrog
among states wanting to hold their primaries first. California, Illinois,
Michigan and New Jersey - all delegate-rich states - are considering moving up
their primaries, too.

Therein lies the problem. The big electoral states, tired of being ignored and
in search of political influence, want to go first. They seem willing to buck
the national parties and even risk sanctions to do it. But it's hard to believe
the parties would refuse to seat our delegates at their nominating conventions.
Heck, the future of these late-summer conventions is even in doubt given that
candidates unofficially secure their nominations months earlier.

In the last two presidential elections, the nominees were set by the time
Florida's mid-March primary rolled around, and voter participation showed it.

The March 2004 primary brought out fewer than one in five registered Democrats
because John Kerry already had the delegates necessary to win the nomination.
Florida's Democratic voters had no incentive to go to the polls.

Critics charge that an early primary will discriminate against dark-horse
candidates who won't be able to compete against better known or wealthy
candidates. They complain, too, that candidates will have to start raising money
earlier, extending the campaign season and boring disaffected voters.

Indeed, the biggest downside to an ever-earlier primary season is an even longer
season of rough-and-tumble advertisements, which keep citizens stirred up and
divided.

But the downside does not outweigh the opportunity for Floridians to have a
bigger say in the presidential primary season.

Campaigning for 2008 has already started, whether voters are ready or not. By
moving up the primary, lawmakers will give Floridians a say in choosing the best
candidates to run for president of the United States.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 201 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Edward T. Javih, 2069 Lycan Drive; bad check; paid costs.

Dallas Jennings, 238 Susquehanna Ave.; bad check; paid costs.

Dennis D. Ball Jr., 1650 Rainbow Circle; public drunkenness; paid costs.

Linda Nickerson, 418 Piedmont Circle; disorderly conduct; paid costs.

Tammy Englehart, 1747 Long Drive; bad check; paid costs.

Kenneth P. Clouser, 1206 Overbrook drive; driving under the influence, careless
driving; held for court.

Gary L. Tresselt Jr., 110 Robin Hill Circle; driving under the influence,
drivers required to be licensed, careless driving; waived to court.

Eric J. Moffitt, 5237 Lincoln Highway West, Thomasville; driving under the
influence, driving under suspension, careless driving, possession of marijuana;
waived to court.

Shawne Shah, 23 Berlin St., P.O. Box 173, Codorus; theft by deception; waived to
court.

Shawn Chronister, 2461 N. Gabrielle Court; driving under the influence, driving
under suspension, unsafe equipment; waived to court.

Kelly M. McDaniel, 1345 Conewago Creek, Manchester; theft by deception; waived
to court.

Brandon L. Parncutt, 1744A Yorktowne Drive; bad checks; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           February 11 1988, Thursday

Obituary of Mr Robert Duncan

SECTION: Issue 63000.

LENGTH: 483 words


The prolific, eccentric, and, in some quarters, highly regarded American poet,
playwright and teacher, Robert Duncan, has died in San Francisco, at the age of
69.

He was born Edward Howard Duncan on January 7, 1919, at Oakland, California. His
mother died at the time of his birth, and on March 10, 1920, he was adopted by
an architect, Edward Symmes, and his wife, Minnehaha, and given the name of
Robert Edward Symmes. From 1941, he styled himself Robert Duncan.


He was raised in a Theosophist environment, and began writing poetry under the
influence of a sympathetic schoolmaster, Edna Keough. He selected some of his
juvenila in a volume called The Years as Catches: First Poems 1939-1946 (1966).
They showed an astonishing range of influences, from Swinburne through Hopkins
and Pound, to the English poet George Barker.

This retrospective volume also showed that, from the determined to deal with the
utmost candour with his homosexuality - and that he was determindedly eclectic,
drawing almost uncritically upon whatever him at the time. Indeed, it has been
said, that his chief limitation was his over-exercise of temporary enthusiasms.
Leading influences on his later poetry were the poet Jack Spicer and Charles
Olson.

Duncan wrote well over 35 collections of poetry (two generous volumes of
selected poems, The Frist Decade and Derivations were published in London in
1968), and it widely regarded as work to be 'read in its totality rather than in
set-pieces.' It is, although influenced by Ezra Pound, mellifluous: Duncan, as
is demonstrated by the intelligent interviews which he gave, was sometimes a
little too much in love with his own voice.

Yet his work attracted considerable attention, especially in the 1960s, when the
co-called 'Black Mountain' school of American poetry came into prominence. This
school had a short-lived but strong influence in Britain. Duncan, Olsen and
Robert Creeley, were the most widely read representatives of this school. He
taught briefly at Black Mountain College (North Carolina), in 1956.

Yet, although for a time influenced by their pragmatist theories, he was not
really like any of the Black Mountain poets. He was concerned, as they were not,
with poetry as what he called 'manipulative magic', and a 'magic ritual', and
with the nature of what he though of (in a markedly Freudian manner) as 'human
bisexuality.'

He was famously learned in his craft, and largely deserved his reputation as a
polymath. The Truth and Life of Myth (1968) is a fascinating 'essential
autobiography.'

Duncan 's tolerance of what many thought of as garish occultism, and his
obsession with his sexuality, put some readers off; but his work was, as he was
himself, enormously engaging'. He lived for the latter part of his life in San
Francisco where he was a much sought after personality and a guru to younger
poets.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc.
(California) on November 15, 2016 titled as "System and method for social
message classification based on influence"

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,497,289 on November 15, 2016, to Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc.
(California) titled as "System and method for social message classification
based on influence"

Inventors: Khodorenko; Alex (Walnut Creek, CA), Pimtchenkov; Vladimir (Pleasant
Hill, CA), Belov; Sergey B. (Walnut Creek, CA), Petrovykh; Yevgeniy (Walnut
Creek, CA), Mackey; Patrick (San Francisco, CA)


Assignee: GENESYS TELECOMMUNICATIONS LABORATORIES, INC. (Daly City, CA)
(California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for prioritizing processing of interactions at a contact center, the
method including: identifying an interaction to be prioritized for processing;
identifying a person associated with the interaction; identifying an influence
level of the person associated with the interaction; and prioritizing the
interaction for processing based on the influence level of the person associated
with the interaction."

The patent was filed on December 7, 2012 Application No. 13/708,915


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

Conference to motivate Christian men to action

BYLINE: Catherine Godbey, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 737 words


June 12--Phil Waldrep is tired of all the talk. Men need to start taking action,
the founder of Decatur-based Phil Waldrep Ministries said.

As Waldrep's father taught him, "Better to do, than to say you will and not do."

On June 19 and 20, the GridIron Men's Conference will convene with one goal:
inspire Christian men to get involved in a ministry.

"We want to motivate 10,000 men to go back to their community and participate in
ministry, any ministry, whether that is mentoring underprivileged kids or
working at a homeless shelter or getting plugged into an existing program like
Habitat for Humanity. You don't have to recreate the wheel. We don't care what
they do, just as long as they start backing up their talk with action," Waldrep
said.

Held annually on Father's Day weekend, the conference will feature New Orleans
Saints quarterback Drew Brees and Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben
Carson. Organizers expect 10,000 men from Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi,
Tennessee and Florida to attend the two-day conference in Birmingham.

They will hear how when Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans, Brees used his
visibility to make a difference by drawing attention to the needs of the city.
They will hear how mentors inspired Carson, a troubled youth in inner-city
Detroit, to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor.

"We booked Dr. Carson a year ago. He is not coming to campaign, he is coming as
an example of what can happen when you take the time to invest in someone. He
will speak about how giving just a little bit of your time, energy and interest
to a young person can change a life," Waldrep said.

Along with Brees and Carson, religious leaders David Jeremiah, David Uth and
Fred Luter will speak. Each man will show how an active church can make a
profound impact on a community.

At San Diego's Shadow Mountain Community Church, senior pastor Jeremiah led 600
men in a two-day effort to renovate the poorest school in town. In Orlando,
First Baptist Church, under Uth's leadership, bought and transformed a hotel
into a rehabilitation space for women and men seeking to escape prostitution.

"They saw a problem, and instead of complaining about it, they took action. They
created a space for them to stay and held job training classes," Waldrep said.
"Every man has a sphere of influence, whether it is at work or in his family.
With that influence comes responsibility. Men need to ask themselves how they
will use their sphere of influence to make a difference."

Seeing the potential impact of the conference, Decatur's Central Park Baptist
responded to the question of how they will influence the community with action.
The church will pay for 16 seniors on Austin High School's football team, four
coaches and three Decatur police officers to attend the conference.

"One of the greatest needs in the country is helping young people discover
Christ so they can take on the challenges ahead of them. That is what the heart
of this conference is about," said Ken Bush, Central Park's minister of
education and outreach. "Lives are changed because of the conference."

The speakers will not just tell the men to make a difference, they will show
them how to go about it and challenge them to do it -- fix up an elderly
person's home, tutor a young person or completely renovate a school.

"We are calling them out. This is not just a pep rally. When the men leave, they
will know what they need to do, what they ought to do and they will want to do
it," Waldrep said. "If a church totally transformed the poorest school in the
neighborhood, if they painted the walls, did the shrubbery and installed
technology, just think about the pride those students would feel. It could
change their lives."

Registration for the conference costs $89. On June 19, Luter, Brees and Jeremiah
will speak. On June 20, Carson, Uth and Waldrep will take the stage. The
ministry decided on the conference's focus after hearing pastors, youth
ministers and men's group leaders discuss the difficulty in motivating men to
take action. Unlike women, the backbone of many churches, who see a need and
act, most men just talk.

"Imagine if a tenth of all men who go to church say, 'I'm going to be involved
in a ministry.' Just imagine the revolution that would take place," Waldrep
said.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150612-DD-Conference-to-motivate-Christian-men-to-action-0612-20150612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 12, 2007 Monday

Doctors' convictions influence patient treatment Physicians' religious and moral
convictions influence what they tell, and don't tell, patients, a new survey
shows.

LENGTH: 630 words

Doctors' convictions influence patient treatment

Physicians' religious and moral convictions influence what they tell, and don't
tell, patients, a new survey shows.

About 1,100 physicians answered a questionnaire about three controversial
medical treatments. Their answers showed that 17 percent objected to sedating
dying patients into unconsciousness; 42 percent opposed prescription birth
control for teens without parental consent; and 52 percent objected to abortion
for failed contraception.

The doctors also answered questions about their obligations to patients
regarding these treatments. Although 86 percent felt obliged to inform patients
about options they were unwilling to provide, 63 percent said it would be
ethical to explain their moral objections, and 29 percent said they would not
feel obliged to refer patients to other doctors for the treatment.

The survey, conducted by medical ethicists at the University of Chicago,
appeared in last week's New England Journal of Medicine.

   - Marie McCullough

Loneliness may raise risk of developing Alzheimer's

Being lonely and isolated may increase your risk of developing Alzheimer's
disease.

In a study led by the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center in Chicago, 823 healthy
elderly people from various backgrounds were interviewed and followed for four
years. During that period, 76 of them developed dementia.

Those who said they had few or no friends and felt misunderstood were more than
twice as likely to develop dementia as people who said they were not lonely.

Previous studies have suggested that a rich social and intellectual life has a
protective effect against Alzheimer's. The new one, published in Archives of
General Psychiatry, "suggests that both the quantity of social interaction and
the quality of social attachments affect risk of late-life dementia."

   - M.M.

Stable placement benefits children in foster care

It makes sense: Children who wind up in foster care because their own homes are
unstable benefit from a stable foster home.

Researchers at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia analyzed data from the
National Survey of Child and Adolescent Well-Being, a nationally representative
study of children referred to child welfare agencies for maltreatment in 1999
and 2000. From a sample of 729 children in foster care, the study team compared
the children's behavior problems when they entered foster care and after 18
months. The children ranged in age from infancy to 15 years old.

Those who entered foster care with many behavior problems were less likely to
have problems only 18 months later if they stayed in the same foster home.
Conversely, among children who began foster care with fewer apparent behavior
problems, those who were moved frequently were more likely to have subsequent
problems.

The study is in the February issue of Pediatrics.

   - M.M.

Infertility drug indicated for women with ovary syndrome

Women with a metabolic disorder called polycystic ovary syndrome often suffer
from infertility.

The standard infertility drug, clomiphene, is more effective than a diabetes
drug, metformin, in helping such women have babies, according to a federally
funded study that included the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.

Earlier studies showed that metformin, which makes the body more sensitive to
insulin, could increase ovulation among PCOS patients, who frequently are
resistant to insulin. Clomiphene, in contrast, stimulates hormones that trigger
ovulation.

In the study, women who took metformin with or without clomiphene ovulated more
than those who took clomiphene alone, but this did not result in more
pregnancies or deliveries. About a quarter of the 209 women who took only
clomiphene gave birth.

The study appeared in last week's New England Journal of Medicine.

   - M.M.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           October 16, 2004 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

NEWSLINE - MASSACHUSETTS;
Ban unneeded, says Romney in veto

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 488 words


BOSTON - Gov. Mitt Romney has vetoed a bill that would have tightened the ban on
the use of tax dollars to influence elections.

Lawmakers said the bill was inspired in part by complaints that some schools
were using public resources, like paper and copiers, to send home fliers or
newsletters with students urging their parents to vote in favor of Proposition
21/2 overrides. Romney said the state already has laws barring the use of public
dollars to influence elections. The bill would have created a fine of up to
$10,000 and a year in jail for anyone found guilty of "aiding, promoting,
preventing, antagonizing or otherwise seeking to influence or affect the vote on
any question submitted to the voters." UMass concerned over racial issues

AMHERST - Officials at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst have set up a
commission to address racial diversity issues.

Friday's announcement of the commission follows recent reports of a drunken
party in a student government office at which some students posed for photos
with a caricature of the speaker of the Student Senate dressed as a member of
the Ku Klux Klan.

After an investigation, nine students were reprimanded.

Chancellor John Lombardi said the incident is just one example of how the school
hasn't shown itself to be a safe and tolerant place, but he said the larger
problem may rest with the university's difficulty in attracting and keeping more
minority students. No charge for agent who shot suspect An FBI agent in Florida
won't be prosecuted for what officials ruled was the accidental shooting of a
suspect in a Massachusetts mob murder during his arrest.

FBI agent David Street, 37, accidentally shot Frankie Roche, 31, of Springfield,
who was being arrested on Aug. 19. Roche eventually was returned to
Massachusetts.

Street's name became public Thursday when Hillsborough County, Fla., authorities
released an Oct. 6 letter sent by State Attorney Mark A. Ober to FBI Inspector
C. Frank Figliuzzi disclosing the finding by Ober's office that the shooting was
accidental.

"No criminal statutes of the State of Florida were violated when Special Agent
Street's weapon was discharged," the letter said.

Ober's office did not disclose the basis for its conclusion. A spokeswoman said
she could not provide further information because the FBI's investigation into
the shooting continues. Hawaii seeks fine from Mass. student The Hawaii Office
of Consumer Protection has begun efforts to collect a $25,000 civil penalty
against a Massachusetts college student who promoted and collected money for a
nonexistent airline, an official said.

The penalty against Luke R. Thompson was imposed in September 2003 by a Honolulu
Circuit Court Judge.

Thompson was an 18-year-old freshman at Babson College in Wellesley in 2003 when
he was accused of selling discount airline tickets over the Internet for an
airline that authorities said didn't exist. - Patriot Ledger news services

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Activist: Ohioans' influence on climate change significant

BYLINE: Tom Henry, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


Oct. 08--Votes that Ohioans cast on Nov. 8 could influence the world's climate
for "tens of thousands of years," according to Bill McKibben, a former New
Yorker staff writer who has become one of America's most high-profile climate
change activists.

BILL MCKIBBEN

Bill McKibben is a distinguished scholar in environmental studies at Middlebury
College and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

He was the 2013 winner of the Gandhi Prize and the Thomas Merton Prize, and
holds honorary degrees from 18 colleges and universities.

Foreign Policy named him to their inaugural list of the world's 100 most
important global thinkers.

He has written more than a dozen books.

His first, The End of Nature, has been published in 24 languages.

In a get-out-the-vote chat Friday morning with about two dozen people at the
University of Toledo, Mr. McKibben said he fears what a Donald Trump presidency
would mean toward addressing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases warming
the planet.

"He appeals to all of the worst instincts in us," Mr. McKibben, a Vermont
resident and supporter of Ms. Clinton's Democratic challenger, U.S. Sen. Bernie
Sanders (I., Vt.) said of Mr. Trump. "It's scary. We've got to stop him."

Mr. McKibben is a founder of 350.org, a grassroots climate change group that
organized 20,000 rallies around the world in almost every country except North
Korea.

His talk was sponsored by NextGen Climate Ohio, a San Francisco-based group
trying to get millennials in eight battleground states -- including Ohio -- to
vote. In Ohio, NextGen Climate has more than 100 staffers working 60 college
campuses, David Miller, the group's deputy communications director, said.

Though he campaigned in 2008 and 2012 for President Obama, Mr. McKibben said he
has no regrets about being jailed in the summer of 2011 after leading a major
Keystone XL pipeline protest over Mr. Obama's delayed resistance. Mr. Obama
announced last November he would reject the Keystone permit application.

"It's not hyperbole to say Ohio might play a significant role in the geological
future of the planet. This outcome of this election could affect [Earth's
climate] for tens of thousands of years," Mr. McKibben said.

He said he's not "unbelievably inspired" by Democratic presidential candidate
Hillary Clinton, but added that doesn't matter.

"She's a normal politician. Is that exciting? No, but it's important. The
alternative is dire," Mr. McKibben said.

Mr. Trump "strongly disagrees with Hillary Clinton and Bill McKibben that
climate change is one of the most urgent issues facing our country today,"
according to a statement issued to The Blade by Seth Unger, Ohio communications
director for the Trump-Pence campaign.

"Our most urgent priorities include defeating radical Islamic terrorism,
rebuilding our military, and bringing jobs back to America," the statement read.
"The Trump administration will work with Congress and the states to achieve our
shared environmental goals and to refocus the [U.S.] EPA on its core mission of
clean water and clean air."

However, Mr. McKibben said Hurricane Matthew's devastation of Haiti, one of
Western Hemisphere's poorest countries, shows how climate change can
disproportionately impact people who had little to do with creating the problem.

He added China produces the world's most greenhouse gases, but America has the
greatest per capita carbon footprint.

"It's always the people in the poorest and most vulnerable areas who are taking
it on the chin," he said.

Contact Tom Henry at: thenry@theblade.com, 419-724-6079, or via Twitter
@ecowriterohio.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161008-TO-Activist-Ohioans-influence
-on-climate-change-significant-1008-20161008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday

Historian: In Oklahoma City, Gaylords life of the community

BYLINE: April Wilkerson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 723  words


Thursday's announcement of the sale of the Oklahoma Publishing Co. to
Denver-based Anschutz Corp. will go down as a historic day, historian Bob
Blackburn says, because there is no other family longevity like the Gaylords'.

"This is one of those turning points because you have a major influence in who
we are, how we think, how we work, and it's been there 108 years, to the
beginning of statehood," said Blackburn, executive director of the Oklahoma
Historical Society. "In a city like Boston, 108 years of influence is
significant, but there are other 108-year-old influences. In a young city like
Oklahoma City, that's unprecedented. There are no comparables. "

In 1903, E.K. Gaylord, a young businessman coming from Colorado, bought a
quarter-interest in a newspaper that began in 1889, Blackburn said, and by 1910
he had consolidated ownership. At that time, Oklahoma City had barely more than
10,000 in population, about the size of Guthrie today, but it was beginning to
grow, he said. That boom attracted families like the Braniffs and the Gaylords,
he said.

"You get these families who are all investing and looking ahead, mostly young
businesspeople, and Mr. Gaylord is there from almost the beginning," he said.
"So the town has a personality, but it is changing coming out of this boom.
Between the newspaper and the business dealings of the Gaylord family and
others, they would affect the personality that we have had since that time. From
the beginning, they were influential in the cultural, political and economic
life of this community. "

With the newspaper as a major part of his voice, Gaylord was influential in
attracting packing plants to Oklahoma in 1909, the state's first major industry,
Blackburn said. Gaylord also played a role in single statehood - when a debate
was ongoing about whether Oklahoma would become two states for Indian Territory
and Oklahoma Territory, he advocated for one state. He also was on the committee
that decided the location of the state Capitol when it moved here after 1910.
The family became an advocate for the state fair when the city bought it from a
private group in 1916.

The architectural influence of the Gaylord family also remains. In 1909, when
Gaylord decided to build a new building for the newspaper, the natural place
would have been in the industrial/office area along California, Reno and Main
streets, Blackburn said.

"But he said, 'No, I'm going to go up north, as far north as Third Street,'"
Blackburn said. "The only other major building that far north would have been
the Pioneer Telephone Building. He was pulling development to that part of town.
"

The elder Gaylord's son, E.L., made a similar decision when he built The
Oklahoman's current facility along Broadway Extension at Britton Road, Blackburn
said.

Blackburn also called the Gaylord family a communications pioneer in more than
print products. The company first expanded into radio with the purchase of WKY
in the 1920s, a time before many people even had radios, he said. The same
happened with TV. In 1949, before television had much of a market, Gaylord
submitted an application for an FCC license for a TV station, Blackburn said.

The expansion continued in the early 1980s with the family's purchase of the
Grand Ole Opry and Hee Haw and its foray into moviemaking.

Blackburn said Edith Kinney Gaylord has been an unsung hero of the family. She
was E.K. 's daughter who worked in the media but also served quietly within the
charitable community. When she died, two groups, the Inasmuch Foundation and the
Ethics and Excellence in Journalism Foundation, were set up.

The family history also extends to the arts. Byron Price, director of the
University of Oklahoma Press, worked with the Gaylords when he served at the
National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum from 1986 to 1996. The family, in
addition to having a significant collection of Western art, also supported the
museum, including helping to keep it here when it nearly left for Colorado,
Price said.

"Ed Gaylord was not always out front in the way he supported the museum, but he
was always there," Price said. "He really had a deep and abiding love for the
art of the American West and the things the museum stood for. The Gaylord family
continues to be instrumental in so many aspects of life in Oklahoma, and I don't
expect that will change. "

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 23, 2005, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Religion and politics are long intertwined

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 535 words

In the editorial, "Evangelism, outside politics," USA TODAY asserts: "As
religious leaders become more involved in politics, they risk making religion
more a vehicle for exerting power over non-believers than for persuading
skeptics to join the faith" (Tuesday).

I guess the editorial board is not overly familiar with the history of our
country.

If it were not for the influence of religious leaders on politics, the
Declaration of Independence would never have been written, a revolution would
never have been fought and our Constitution would never have been drafted.


If it were not for the influence of religious leaders on politics, slaves might
never have been freed.

If it were not for religious leaders, the rights of African-Americans might have
been forever restricted by southern Democrats' attempts to filibuster civil
rights legislation.

I'm not sure exactly which "power" of the Christian right USA TODAY is so
concerned about. But the editorial is correct when it says that religion strives
for something "higher" and more "permanent" -- which explains why so many on the
"right" have the courage of their convictions as they have their say in the
public square.

Michael Fairo

Royal Oak, Mich.

Others have influence, too

Regarding the editorial on religious conservatives: Does USA TODAY also
criticize religious liberals and secularists for involvement in government?

For years, these groups have used government power to force their values on
others. This includes everything from higher taxes to laws that stigmatize
religious expression.

Shouldn't religious conservatives work to dilute that influence?

Barry Barringer

Fargo, N.D.

'Unite, not divide'

USA TODAY's cover story "The gospel of Billy Graham: Inclusion" tells a lot
about why so many Americans now define themselves as spiritual, not religious
(News, Monday).

Religion should unite, not divide. Yet the United States may be more divided
than it has been in years largely because of the judgmental fury of the
"religious right."

I'm a lifelong Catholic, but I haven't been to church since last year, when
archbishops in my state got directly involved in the election process and told
us, very specifically, how to vote. Many people like myself have come to believe
that social issues such as abortion, gay rights and premarital sex are largely
irrelevant to the balance of democracy.

Those issues fuel intolerance that seems to have been redefined as a "value."
Moral issues such as war, health care, economic disparity, employee rights, the
environment and union-busting do not concern many mainstream churches. Those
issues are far more important.

What we have to ask is: Should faith be a dividing line? Should the "moral
issues" be defined only by those in power? To those people who suggest that
politics and elections will continue to be about morals and ethics, I can only
say, "You bet they will."

I hope more Americans come to realize that our nation could be in danger of
slowly becoming what we claim to be fighting against. I fear living in a place
where people so rarely question their own beliefs.

Timothy D. Allport

Littleton, Colo.





LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letters

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 22, 2015 Sunday

Letter: Up to We the People to reclaim our country

BYLINE: The Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 433 words


Up to We the People to reclaim our country

To the editor:

Here's the problem: We, the actual people, no longer govern ourselves, no longer
have a voice in what our government does. With rulings made by the Supreme
Court, such as Citizens United v FEC, artificial corporate entities have been
given constitutional rights that our Founders intended only for human beings.
Using the Bill of Rights, wealthy individuals and corporations have persuaded
the courts to overturn state, federal and even local, democratically enacted
laws protecting our health, safety, environment and democracy.

By declaring money spent to influence elections to be free speech, protected by
the First Amendment, the Supreme Court has allowed special interest money to
flood into elections and overwhelm the voice of the average voter. The system of
"one person, one vote" has become "one dollar, one vote."

I would argue that due to the flood of special interest money into our
elections, our democracy has been taken from us and to a great extent given over
to multi-national entities with enormous wealth, that have no ties to America
and no vested interest in her people.

Here's the solution: Across the country a movement is growing in reaction to the
billions of dollars being spent to influence our elections and in turn, have
undo influence over the members of our government who receive these enormous
amounts cash, often in untraceable super-PACs.

In Massachusetts The We The People Act has been introduced in the State House
and Senate. The We the People Act calls on Congress to propose a constitutional
amendment to affirm (1) that rights protected by the U.S. Constitution are the
rights of human beings only, not corporations, and (2) that Congress and the
states may place limits on political contributions and spending.

If Congress fails to act, once 2/3 of the states have passed this legislation,
the states will call for an Article 5 convention.

So far, this legislation has passed in Vermont, California and Illinois and is
near passing in New Jersey and Maryland. In Massachusetts, wethepeoplemass.org
is represented by a coalition that includes; Move to Amend, WolfPac, MassVote
and MASSPIRG among others.

Here in the Berkshires, we would like to sincerely thank Sen. Downing and Reps.
Pignatelli, Farley-Bouvier and Cariddi for co-sponsoring this important
legislation. We look forward to their continued support as the bill advances
this session. And we ask citizens of the Berkshires who share our concerns about
the direction of our democracy to contact us at mtaberkshires@gmail.com

Lynne Posner Sheffield

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            November 10, 2008 Monday

Police log

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 547 words


Chambersburg

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Lindolfo Ramirez-Alfaro, 26, Chambersburg, was
arrested for driving under the influence after his vehicle was stopped for a
traffic violation Monday at 12:20 a.m. in the 200 block of West Queen Street,
Chambersburg police said.

(Incident No. C2008-12945)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Maurillo Ramirez-Astillero, 29, 262 E. King St.,
Apt. 3, was arrested for driving under the influence and driving without a
license after his vehicle nearly struck a police vehicle Sunday at 3:53 p.m. at
the intersection of Harrison Avenue and Queen Street, Chambersburg police said.

(Incident No. C2008-12909) Greencastle

THEFT FROM A VEHICLE: A black Dell Inspirion laptop with a Green Bay Packers
sticker on the cover was removed from a Jeep Wrangler while it was parked at
Kaley Field Friday between 7:30 p.m. and 9:30 p.m., Greencastle police said.

Anyone with information is asked to call the police at 597-9506.

(Incident No. 08-2306)

Greene Township

ACCIDENT: Fayetteville Fire and EMS responded to a car fire Sunday after a 1991
Honda Prelude caught fire while traveling south along 997.

According to Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, the car, driven by a
17-year old male, caught fire for "unknown reasons" along Black Gap Road at
Luther Drive. No injuries were reported and the car was towed from the scene.

(Incident No. H03-1805154)

Hamilton Township

HARASSMENT: Brian Lynn Kauffman, 48, Chambersburg, is accused of harassment
after he allegedly struck a 15-year-old juvenile from Chambersburg several times
during an argument at 175 Highland Drive Saturday at 7 p.m., Pennsylvania State
Police, Chambersburg, said.

Police said that there were no weapons involved and no one was injured.

(Incident No. H03-1804927)

Belfast Township, Cumberland County

BURGLARY: Pennsylvania State Police, McConnellsburg, are investigating a
burglary that occurred Thursday at 697 Fieldstone Road.

Police said that someone entered the home of Aaron Daniel Jessee by smashing a
back door window between 6 a.m. and 10:30 p.m. and stole a red Husky air
compressor along with other tools.

(Incident No. G05-1137543)

Newville

SIMPLE ASSAULT: Pennsylvania State Police were called to a case of simple
assault Oct. 24 at 10 p.m. at CME Lot 111 in Newville.

David Patrick Wagner, 47, of Newville, is accused of punching John Wagner in the
arm because of an argument over bologna.

David Wagner was charged with simple assault.

(Incident No. H02-1805152)

Shippensburg Township

INDECENT EXPOSURE: Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle, are looking for
information on a case of indecent exposure in Shippensburg Township, Cumberland
County, between 3:30 and 4:30 p.m. on Nov. 5.

Three females observed a white male expose himself in the area of Kenneth Avenue
and Britton Road, officers said. The incident is under investigation. Anyone
with information should contact Trooper John Boardman at 249-2121.

(Incident No. H02-1804154)

Hopewell Township

STALKING: Kinsgley Sean Valentine, 31, Chambersburg, was charged with stalking
and harassment after he arrived at a Pennsylvania State Police trooper's
residence Thursday at 8 p.m., Pennsylvania State Police, Carlisle, said.

Police said the trooper had previously arrested Valentine for making a false
report to law enforcement.

(Incident No. H02-1804149)

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

USA seeking influence on Iran through different channels - passive defence chief

LENGTH: 252 words


Head of Iran's Passive defence Organization Brig Gen Gholamreza Jalali has
warned against the US efforts to wield influence in the country through
different channels. Jalali made the remarks during Tehran's Friday prayer
pre-sermon broadcast live by state-run Radio Tehran on 6 November.

"The USA is seeking to find ways of influencing not only through the McDonald
diplomacy, but through different areas, including culture, sports, university
professors, cinema and other ways which make it possible to exert influence,"
Jalali said.

"The USA is seeking to take control over Iran and they are scared of Iran
becoming the symbol of resistance and religious democracy and they know that the
Iranian model will ruin all their beliefs," he added.

Jalali warned that the USA is likely to continue issuing threats against Iran
despite the nuclear deal signed between Iran and the P5+1. "We should avoid the
perception that the US hostility has ended and that we will have close
cooperation with the USA," he said.

Jalali underlined the need for protecting the country's "physical, human, cyber
and spiritual capitals" against the enemy threats.

"If there is an invasion of our culture, economy or politics, we can take action
based on the passive defence approach and reduce the country's vulnerability,"
he added.

The commander described passive defence as a "national security" issue which
will not change under different administrations.

Source: Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Tehran, in Persian 0752gmt 06 Nov
15

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Red Baraat to perform at Shakori Hills Festival

BYLINE: CLIFF BELLAMY cbellamy@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6744

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 610  words


DURHAM - Red Baraat delivers infectious funk and dance rhythms, lots of
percussion, and solos from brass and reed players. Improvisation is important,
but so is audience participation. On YouTube, Red Baraat can be heard doing
call-and-response verses with audiences.

The Brooklyn-based eight-piece ensemble will give two performances - Thursday
and Friday, Oct. 8-9 - at the fall edition of the Shakori Hills Festival of
Music & Dance in Pittsboro.

Percussionist Sunny Jain founded the group in 2007. He had moved to New York in
1998, and was playing drum set in various jazz ensembles, but also had one ear
in the Punjabi and Bollywood music he heard growing up. When Red Baraat began,
Jain "was specifically looking for people outside the jazz scene. I wanted to
have some other sensibilities coming in," he said. The group nonetheless is
still steeped in the jazz tradition, with room in the compositions for
individual and group improvisation, Jain said. That approach gives the music
freshness, so that audiences who come to different events never hear the exact
same treatment of a composition, he said.

Different audiences hear different influences in Red Baraat, Jain said. People
from south Asia hear the Bollywood influence, and others say they hear the New
Orleans influence from the brass. Audiences in Washington, D.C., hear the
influence of go-go, a local music based in funk and rhythm and blues, and

See festival/page A9

he has heard the music compared to Brazilian samba. "When we play in London,
we're called a punk group," most likely because of the energy the group projects
on stage, he said.

While he was growing up in Rochester, New York, Jain's parents played the music
of Bollywood, and traditional Punjabi music of northern India and Pakistan. Jain
studied symphonic percussion and later jazz drums. At age 19, he started playing
the tabla, and later the dhol, which he plays in Red Baraat. The dhol is a
traditional two-sided drum, which hangs from the shoulder of the musician and is
played with two different-size sticks.

Jain said he was "a frustrated tabla player" and switched to the dhol because he
was more familiar with using sticks from a drum kit and other percussion. The
dhol drum is central to Red Baraat's percussion sound. The dhol "is a very
physical, stamina enduring instrument. It's very physically engaging," he said.

In Red Baraat, Jain is joined by Rohin Khemani on percussion, Chris Eddleton on
drums, Sonny Singh on trumpet, Ernest Stuart on trombone, Jonathon Haffner on
soprano saxophone, Jon Lampley on sousaphone and Jonathan Goldberger on guitar.
The choice of brass and reeds came after Jain had toured with a quartet in which
the saxophone player used effects pedals. The brass bands of India also
influenced him. "I didn't want any amplification. I just wanted natural sound,"
Jain said. When the band began to tour, the drum set was the only stationary
instrument, which allowed other musicians to move around in the audience. In the
past year, the group has added a guitarist whom Jain said "is a great addition
in terms of the sound palette," and the sousaphone player sometimes uses sound
pedals.

"One of the things that people point out is the diversity of the band," Jain
said. "The way I was brought up by my parents, I was fortunate to be around
different ways of being. ... You get to see how people live around the world and
around the country. I've always thought of everyone as equal. The band was
formed because these are the people I interact with," he said.

"I've never wanted to be limited by parameters," Jain said. "I want to express
who I am and I don't want to be limited by genres or terms."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Netflix launches Keith Richards: Under the Influence

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 557 words


Ready to drive through the crossroads with the devil himself? Directed by Morgan
Neville (20 Feet From Stardom), Keith Richards: Under the Influence begins
streaming on Netflix today.

The death-defying Rolling Stones guitarist takes viewers on a road trip across
America, celebrating musical legends and personal influences, including Buddy
Guy, Muddy Waters and Howlin' Wolf. We visit the home of Chess Records in
Chicago and recording studios in Nashville and New York. Richards, whose voice
still sounds like he was born with a three-pack-a-day habit, is joined by good
friend and collaborator Tom Waits, another figure with a clearly distinctive
delivery.

As a film, Influence looks backward and forward. It is, after all, a promotion
for the music Richards is still producing when the Rolling Stones are on break
from their extensive touring schedule. He is busy for a 71-year-old who everyone
assumed would die 40 years ago.

Viewers looking to binge on their own rock 'n' roll double feature would do well
to pair Influence with the acclaimed 2012 documentary Beware of Mr. Baker, also
streaming on Netflix. Directed by Jay Bulger, it profiles drummer Ginger Baker
of Cream and Blind Faith fame. Not unlike his contemporary Keith Richards, Baker
has long been considered an improbable rock survivor, a man who outlived
dangerous habits and a reputation for iconoclastic excess.

Also of interest is Sound Tracks (8 p.m., PBS). This film, narrated by the E
Street Band's Steven Van Zandt (The Sopranos, Lilyhammer), introduces viewers to
Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum.

Tonight's other highlights

Holmes' sponsor disappears on Elementary (9 p.m., CBS, r).

Reese Witherspoon appears on Best Time Ever With Neil Patrick Harris (9 p.m.,
NBC, r).

The Ogre remains at large on a two-hour helping of Gotham (9 p.m., Fox, r).

GoPro founder Nick Woodman appears on Shark Tank (10 p.m., ABC, r).

A family member is targeted on Blue Bloods (11 p.m., CBS, r).

Cult choice

Abbott and Costello and the Andrews Sisters star in the 1941 service comedy Buck
Privates (10:45 p.m., TCM), featuring the song "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy,"
re-popularized by Bette Midler in the 1970s.

Series notes

Patricia Richardson (Home Improvement) guest-stars on Last Man Standing (9 p.m.,
ABC, r) ... Dean Cain hosts Masters of Illusion (9 p.m., CW) ... A look at the
new season on the ABC Fall Preview Special (9:30 p.m., r) ... Vernon Davis
appears on Whose Line Is It Anyway? (9:30 p.m., CW, r).

A nuke scare puts wedding rehearsals on hold on Hawaii Five-0 (10 p.m., CBS, r)
... A two-hour Dateline (10 p.m., NBC) ... Card sharks on Penn &; Teller: Fool
Us (10 p.m., CW, r) ... 20/20 (11 p.m., ABC).

Late night

Lupita Nyong'o, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I, Vt.), Christopher Wheeldon, Robert
Fairchild and Leanne Cope are booked on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert
(12:35 a.m., CBS) ... Jimmy Fallon welcomes Keith Richards and Emma Roberts on
The Tonight Show (12:35 a.m., NBC) ... Johnny Depp, Kathryn Hahn and Mutemath
appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live (12:35 a.m., ABC, r).

Ed Burns, Richard Kind and Judy Blume visit Late Night With Seth Meyers (1:35
a.m., NBC) ... Bradley Cooper, Andrew Garfield, Jake McDorman and Wiz Khalifa
featuring Fall Out Boy appear on The Late Late Show With James Corden (1:35
a.m., CBS, r). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 10, 2002 Thursday

Music's early warnings of a new cultural style

BYLINE: CARL WILSON

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; SCENE; Pg. R5

LENGTH: 888 words


Perhaps it's the shudder that precedes the crack of the egg, the opening of the
chrysalis, a sign that something unheard-of is coming into view: The past year
in music has been marked by a strong uptick in the anxiety-of-influence index.

"Anxiety of influence" was literary critic Harold Bloom's famous phrase for the
artistic Oedipus complex, where fledgling artists struggle obsessively with
their predecessors. The promising part is that attempts to imitate are bound to
fail: No matter how hard you try, you can't become your idols, and the exact way
you fail becomes your own voice - your style.

So when listeners are latching on hard to the artists that wear their influences
the most blatantly, is it because a new cultural style is in the midst of its
own awkward yearning to be born? You can't help wondering, after the past year's
unexpected explosion of popularity for garage-rock and blues recyclers such as
Sweden's the Hives and Detroit's the White Stripes (who'll have a chance to kill
their idols first-hand when they open for the Rolling Stones' sold-out show at
the Air Canada Centre in Toronto next Wednesday), and the spirit-of-CBGBs
postpunk revivalists the Strokes (who headlined at the ACC themselves last
night).

It's a period when influences are seized on and abandoned capriciously. Already,
no doubt unfairly, there is a stale feeling to the arrival of the Electroclash
2002 tour in Toronto on Tuesday (Tequila Lounge, 794 Bathurst St., 416-968-2001
). This is Brooklyn's Berliniamsburg club packed in a suitcase whose infectious
label was coined a year ago by Larry Tee, the 42-year-old DJ and promoter who
organized last year's Electroclash fest in New York. He brings with him a
seemingly all-female cast of scenesters such as Peaches (formerly Toronto's
Merrill Nisker), Berlin's art-school-gonzo act Chicks on Speed,
multimedia-personality-disordered one-woman band Tracy & the Plastics, and
W.I.T. (Whatever It Takes), Tee's own deviant Svengali invention, electroclash's
answer to the Spice Girls.

Electroclash overall includes many intriguingly warped deployments of the sounds
you can make when you have a synthesizer that doesn't work very well (or that
you can't play) and a kamikaze level of nerve. But it also includes a load of
stuff that sounds exactly like the floppy-haired synth tunes you'd hear on a pop
radio station in 1983, only with bad reception. That the electro anthem of the
summer was a cover of Corey Hart's Sunglasses at Night should tell you how low
the bar is set.

W.I.T. is an example of how easy it is to make a home electroclash kit:
Breathily repeat lines about fashion, pornography, cocaine and occasionally
robots over the bass line from Eddy Grant's Electric Avenue, cover something by
the Cars, and you're an electroclash star too (provided you also look, as
W.I.T.'s Melissa Burns does, like a dishevelled Marilyn Monroe). It's Sex and
the City meets The Jetsons.

Not all of these groups can be reduced to sitcom level, but we're still waiting
for the moment when electroclash's brash, sleazy impulses crossbreed with some
of the other current stirrings (the bluegrass resurgence, maybe) to create
something viable to survive outside the scene's fashionable womb.

Liverpool's Clinic, whose recent album Walking with Thee follows 2000's stunning
Internal Wrangler, harks back to some of electro's post-punk roots but adds in a
sense of melody from early-sixties girl groups, a blessedly small dollop of
Radioheadish Pink Floydisms, and a lot of Kraftwerk and Can's chilly 1970s
polyrhythmic-automaton groove. Here, Bloom is proved right: The sum of the parts
becomes something fresh. (With Apples in Stereo Tuesday at the Phoenix, 410
Sherbourne St., $15).

Clinic's rhythms also owe a debt to Afrobeat pioneer Fela Kuti, the Nigerian pop
king whose radical politics, stoned utopianism, John Coltrane innervisions and
James Brown beats galvanized his nation and attracted a continuing campaign of
government harassment, arrests and assault. (Every time the military and police
would burn down his compound or throw him in jail, he'd record another
half-hour-long hit song satirizing the experience.) The promiscuous Kuti died of
AIDS in 1997, drawing a million mourners to his funeral, and now, five years
later, a tribute compilation, Red Hot & Riot is being released to help fight the
scourge on the subcontinent. (A release party is being held by Bump N' Hustle
tomorrow night at Roxy Blu, 12 Brant St., with New York DJ Rich Medina, the
iDrum percussion group and others.)

The disc is the culmination of a growing Afrobeat revival in North America, and
includes appearances by Sade, Blackalicious, Macy Gray, MeShell Ndegeocello,
Nile Rogers, D'Angelo, jazz great Archie Shepp and a dozen more, blending their
own styles with Fela's beats with varying success. Given the mission statement,
it gets understandably preachy at times, and nobody here manages even to suggest
the level of wit and personality that permeate Kuti's own work. (It's odd that
his strongest American heirs, Brooklyn's Antibalas, are absent.)

But Kuti's memory is an especially salutory one right now: In his
undistinguished youth, he spent years travelling and absorbing ideas,
information and sounds. Then he came home and turned the world upside down.
cwilson@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

UTSA study examines CEO influence on corporate political activity

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 A new study by Bruce Rudy, assistant professor of management at The University
of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), examines the influence corporate CEOs have on
their firm's political activity. Rudy's top-tier research focuses on corporate
lobbying investment, finding that individual characteristics of the firm's
leader influence such decisions.





 Rudy and his co-author, Andrew Johnson, assistant professor of management at
Texas A&M University--Corpus Christi, examined 100 large companies over a
27-year period to assess the impact their CEOs have on the firm's investment in
lobbying.



 "Strategy research talks a lot about the role of the leader in making critical
decisions within the firm, yet most of this research focuses on market-related
activities like mergers and acquisitions. We wanted to know whether CEOs'
influence also impacted how firm's engage in politics," he said.



 "There are basically two types of lobbying investment a firm can make," Rudy
said. "Firms can contract with existing lobbyists or choose to invest money to
develop lobbying capabilities in-house. Each type of lobbying investment has
benefits and drawbacks for the firm."



 Rudy and his co-author found that CEOs that were younger, had shorter tenure,
held undergraduate degrees in business and law or were promoted to CEO via
backgrounds in accounting, finance, and law were more likely to invest
internally to build lobbying capabilities within the firm. Older and longer
tenured CEOs were more likely to contract with Washington, D.C. lobbyists that
were external to the organization.



 "External lobbyists tend to be former politicians or D.C. insiders who are
really good at tapping into their network," Rudy said. "This skill set is
particularly well-suited for maintaining the status quo in politics which older
and tenured CEOs prefer. In contrast, the CEO characteristics that predicted a
firm's investment in in-house lobbying capabilities tend to be less associated
with status quo maintenance. A skilled in-house lobbying team may even be
capable of shifting policy that can benefit the firm over the long-term."



 As for the future of CEOs and political activity with a corporate CEO soon to
be inaugurated as President of the United States, Rudy noted that some
industries are excited by the prospect, while others are not.



 "Firms are going to be focused on the president-elect's policy positions, more
than his standing as a CEO," he said. "Corporations have been involved in
politics since the early days of our nation and it is difficult to imagine a
future where this isn't the case."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

UTSA study examines CEO influence on corporate political activity

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 A new study by Bruce Rudy, assistant professor of management at The University
of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), examines the influence corporate CEOs have on
their firm's political activity. Rudy's top-tier research focuses on corporate
lobbying investment, finding that individual characteristics of the firm's
leader influence such decisions.





 Rudy and his co-author, Andrew Johnson, assistant professor of management at
Texas A&M University--Corpus Christi, examined 100 large companies over a
27-year period to assess the impact their CEOs have on the firm's investment in
lobbying.



 "Strategy research talks a lot about the role of the leader in making critical
decisions within the firm, yet most of this research focuses on market-related
activities like mergers and acquisitions. We wanted to know whether CEOs'
influence also impacted how firm's engage in politics," he said.



 "There are basically two types of lobbying investment a firm can make," Rudy
said. "Firms can contract with existing lobbyists or choose to invest money to
develop lobbying capabilities in-house. Each type of lobbying investment has
benefits and drawbacks for the firm."



 Rudy and his co-author found that CEOs that were younger, had shorter tenure,
held undergraduate degrees in business and law or were promoted to CEO via
backgrounds in accounting, finance, and law were more likely to invest
internally to build lobbying capabilities within the firm. Older and longer
tenured CEOs were more likely to contract with Washington, D.C. lobbyists that
were external to the organization.



 "External lobbyists tend to be former politicians or D.C. insiders who are
really good at tapping into their network," Rudy said. "This skill set is
particularly well-suited for maintaining the status quo in politics which older
and tenured CEOs prefer. In contrast, the CEO characteristics that predicted a
firm's investment in in-house lobbying capabilities tend to be less associated
with status quo maintenance. A skilled in-house lobbying team may even be
capable of shifting policy that can benefit the firm over the long-term."



 As for the future of CEOs and political activity with a corporate CEO soon to
be inaugurated as President of the United States, Rudy noted that some
industries are excited by the prospect, while others are not.



 "Firms are going to be focused on the president-elect's policy positions, more
than his standing as a CEO," he said. "Corporations have been involved in
politics since the early days of our nation and it is difficult to imagine a
future where this isn't the case."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday
                                 ENTERTAINMENT

Italy showcases Matisse's oriental influences

SECTION: ART

LENGTH: 517 words


The influence of Arab, African and Asian art on Henri Matisse is the theme of a
major collection of the French artist's work that has gone on show in Rome.

The exhibition, "Matisse Arabesque", runs until June 21 at the Scuderie del
Quirinale, the former stables of Italy's presidential palace which have been
transformed into a museum that boasts spectacular views over the Eternal City.

Curator Ester Coen has set out to demonstrate how Matisse's enduring fascination
with what he would have referred to as the Orient influenced the work of an
artist considered one of the fathers of modern art.

In particular, a love of arabesque - designs based on the intertwined, flowing
lines of early Islamic art - had a huge influence on how Matisse (1869-1954)
came to think about perspective and space in his painting.

Late in his life, the Frenchman reflected that his education had involved a
gradual realisation that he had to "forgot the technique of the Masters or
rather to understand it in a completely personal way.

"Next came the knowledge and influence of the arts of the Orient," he said.

Matisse also once said that modern art, "in its very essence is closer to
archaic and primitive arts than to the arts of the Renaissance."

- 'Exceptional paintings' -

Those ideas form the basis for the exhibition and Coen illustrates the point by
accompanying Matisse's paintings with examples of the kind of decorative arts
from which the artist took inspiration, among them Moorish tiles, African masks,
shields and wood carvings, and textiles from places as far afield as Uzbekistan
and Japan.

The exhibition also underlines the huge impact that the time Matisse spent in
Morocco in 1911-12 had on his subsequent career.

Works such as "Zorah on the terrace", one of a number on loan from Moscow's
Pushkin museum, and "Moroccan Garden" (from New York's MoMA) illustrate some of
the motifs and techniques which were to recur in his work for decades.

The Pushkin has also provided "Goldfish", arguably the best known of the
paintings on display in Rome.

Art historians believe that masterpiece was less obviously inspired by the time
Matisse spent in Tangiers, where he registered his admiration for the locals'
capacity to spent hours gazing into goldfish bowls in quiet contemplation.

The "Moorish Screen", from the Philadelphia Museum of Art, provides the most
obvious demonstration of Matisse's admiration for the decorative traditions of
North Africa and the Middle East and his willingness to incorporate them into
contemporary scenes, enhancing a magical quality to his work at the expense of
realism.

The collection of more than 100 works had been put together in collaboration
with some of the world's leading museums: The Tate in London, New York's Met and
the Pompidou Centre in Paris, as well as the Pushkin, the Hermitage in St
Petersburg and MoMA.

"There are some exceptional paintings here and it was very difficult to get them
released," said Coen. "That makes it all the more important to have this
opportunity to breath the air of the Orient and to appreciate the Islamic art
that Matisse brought to Paris."

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                October 13, 2008

Appraisers Try to Reassure Skeptics

BYLINE: Brad Finkelstein

SECTION: Pg. 6 Vol. 33 No. 4

LENGTH: 737  words


NEW YORK-The appraisal industry has come under particular scrutiny for its role
in the current mortgage mess. Among the claims made by the appraisal industry is
they were subject to pressure from originators to deliver certain valuations.

Now a number of companies are offering certification programs to attest that the
appraisals are free of any influence. This is an outgrowth of the settlement
entered into between New York State attorney general (and former Housing and
Urban Development secretary) Andrew Cuomo and the government-sponsored
enterprises. The future of that agreement, much criticized in many places, is
uncertain now that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been placed under government
control.

StreetLinks National Appraisal Services has created the "certificate of non-
influence," which it claims warrants the objectivity of real estate appraisals
procured on behalf of its clients.

Steve Haslam, StreetLinks chief executive, states, "Given the widespread concern
over the role that appraiser coercion may have played in the current
mortgage-market turmoil, our certificate of non-influence assures every
stakeholder in the mortgage loan that our valuation was derived according to the
strictest standards of objectivity without influence to inflate the appraised
value. The value of a certified non-influence process will be evidenced in
enhanced loan performance."

StreetLinks said it guarantees that the real estate appraiser remains anonymous
from those in the process who historically could attempt to sway an objective
valuation.

To further ensure against fraud and manipulation, the original appraisal report
and accompanying certificate is made available through the StreetLinks Secure
Repository website to all authorized successors and assignees of the original
lender and client.

Marshall & Swift, a Los Angeles-based subsidiary of MacDonald, Dettwiler and
Associates, is providing the M&S licensed user certificate for attachment to an
appraisal report.

The company says its certificate is written confirmation that the appraiser
maintains current building cost information in accordance with appraisal best
practices, and supports the residential appraisal form requirement that the
appraiser list a source of current data when calculating a cost approach
valuation. Marshall & Swift also provides an online registry of certificate
holders should lenders wish to confirm appraisers' access to current building
cost information as part of their underwriting process.

M&S president Peter M. Wells notes, "Marshall & Swift cost data remains one of
the most important and defendable sources of property valuations in the lending
process required by the mortgage and appraisal industries today."

He believes there will be a resurgence in the use of the cost approach in the
lending process because the current debacle in the mortgage industry was fueled
by uncertainty in valuations and the market approach alone was unable to find
the low point for valuations. "Restoring the cost approach to the underwriting
process is inevitable, since it is a measurable component to valuation that is
not at the whim of emotion."

M&S believes the cost approach objectively defines the total amount of money
that can justifiably be lent against a property. It also serves as a baseline to
compare market trends with the cost trends of real property.

ValuFinders Inc., Culver City, Calif., provides acknowledgment of independent
appraiser selection when ordering parties use Appraisal Concierge.

The system was designed to randomly select appraisers to assure that no
employee, director, officer or agent of the lender - or any other third party
acting as partner - has influenced the selection of the appraiser. The
certificate validates that the ordering process was made in a way to avoid the
threat of coercion in the valuation of mortgage properties.

"The entire country has its eyes on the financial industries, especially the
mortgage industry, and the recent signing of the housing act has made it
abundantly clear that something has to be done to ensure we come out on the
other side of this downturn having learned valuable lessons and with tools to
ensure that we do not make the same mistakes in the future," said Joe Williams,
chief executive of ValuFinders. "The random selection of appraisers will become
the new universal standard, and originators and lenders can use technology to
implement this practice."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DUIs

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O19

LENGTH: 608 words


Pamela Robinson Cowart, 51, of the 100 block of S. Old Belair Road in Grovetown,
was charged with driving under the influence on Sept. 30, 2000, and was fined
$810.

Joyce Elaine Kiesling, 45, of the 2300 block of Pine Ridge Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 12, 2007, and was fined $810.

Charles L. Kelly III, 17, of the 100 block of Stone Mill Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 19, 2007, and was sentenced to
30 days in jail.

Joseph Eugene Barker, 21, of the 4100 block of Iron Horse Drive in Martinez, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 4, 2007, and was sentenced to
24 months probation and was fined $1,224.

Charles Leonard Hockinson, 73, of the 4200 block of Aerie Circle in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 1, 2007, and was fined $1,224.

Charles Leonard Hockinson, 73, of the 4200 block of Aerie Circle in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 2, 2007, and was fined $1,224.

Sheldon Rivers, 65, of the 100 block of Lois Paul Circle in Orangeburg, S.C.,
was charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 4, 2007, and was sentenced
to 60 days in jail.

Isaac Ortega, 33, of the 4600 block of Rene Street in Evans, was charged with
driving under the influence on Aug. 25, 2007, and was sentenced to 90 days in
jail.

Edward Louis Austin Jr., 57, of the 200 block of Mount Folly Road in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on July 6, 2007, and was fined
$802.

Yong Chul Park, 40, of the 4600 block of Millhaven Road in Martinez, was charged
with driving under the influence on July 5, 2007, and was fined $810.

William Chester Bailey III, 57, of the 1300 block of the Community Park Road in
Augusta, was charged with driving under the influence on Dec. 2, 2006, and was
fined $810.

Allen Rutherford Hardeman, 43, of the 4800 block of Doe Run in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on June 29, 2007, and was fined $1,224.

Brian Wesley Taylor, 38, of the 400 block of Myers Lane in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on March 24, 2006, and was fined $1,224.

Joseph John Simpson, 28, of the 5200 block of Columbia Road in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on July 27, 2007, and was sentenced to
12 months probation and was fined $835.

Jimmie Lee Mikell, 71, of the 200 block of Daley Drive in Bath, S.C., was
charged with driving under the influence on March 18, 2007, and was fined $810.

Jerry Edward Batchelor, 38, of the 300 block of Old Plantation Road in Martinez,
was charged with driving under the influence on July 29, 2007, and was fined
$810.

Michael John Coffield, 25, of the 5400 block of Tubman Road in Appling, was
charged with driving under the influence on May 19, 2007, and was fined $810.

Gregory Boyd Earle, 44, of the 4200 block of Anderson Circle in Evans, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 2, 2007, and was fined $810.

Russell Allen Sorrell, 19, of the 400 block of Creekside Drive in Grovetown, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 10, 2007, and was sentenced to
18 months probation and was fined $885.

Felander Turner, 39, of the 900 block of Hunting Horn Way in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on Aug. 16, 2007, and was sentenced to 12
months probation and was fined $180.

Matthew John Perara, 25, of the 1000 block of Old Marks Drive in Augusta, was
charged with driving under the influence on Aug. 7, 2007, and was fined $810.

Marion E. Stallings, 35, of the 600 block of Spooner Drive in Evans, was charged
with driving under the influence on May 26, 2001, and was fined $810.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 17, 2007 Friday

Crime Watch for 8/17/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1237 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Angus N. Jackson Jr., c/o York County Prison; burglary, criminal
conspiracy/burglary, criminal trespass/break into structure, theft by unlawful
taking, criminal conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Joshua D. Price, 1132 N. Duke St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Thi Ly Phuong Nguyen, 2204 Candies Choice Court, Bel Air, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence; general impairment, driving under the influence: minors, alcohol by
minors, following too closely; waived to court.

Tyrone W. Hartels, 367 W. Market St.; possession of instruments of crime,
possession of drug paraphernalia, theft from a motor vehicle; waived to court.

James R. Jackson, 812 S. Albemarle St.; false identification to police officers,
driving under suspension; held for court.

Christine Y. Noble, 105 Hanover St., Aberdeen, Md.; hinder
apprehension/prosecution-false information to police, false reports/falsely
incriminate another; waived to court.

Christopher J. Thatcher, 2705 Woodmont Drive; burglary, criminal trespass/enter
structure, theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Danielle Fitzsimmons, 11 Morgan Drive, Shrewsbury; bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid costs and restitution.

Eric Landis, 2740 Eastwood Drive; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Michael Caler, 19 N. Walnut St., Apt. A, Dallastown; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Chad McBride, 1210 W. Poplar St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Frances Myers, 10569 Gum Tree Road, Brogue; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
costs and restitution.

Jeffrey Stonier, 16634 Susquehanna Trail South, New Freedom; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Anita Sullivan, 225 Rockdale Ave.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid costs and
restitution.

Kelley Keesee, 881 Broad St., Extd., Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Andrew Strasbaugh, 1051A Circle Drive, Dover; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Brian Waltermyer, 631 York St.; defiant trespass; pleaded guilty, served time.

Thomas C. Freed, 1950 Hampton Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Madeline Fontelieu, 391 Church St., Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Robert Anthony Giuffrida Jr., 211 N. Belvidere Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Donald L. Mims, 1815 W. Philadelphia St.; bad checks-summary case; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Thomas F. Bratten, 521 S. Albemarle St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Michelle Denise Hess, 973 E. Philadelphia St.; criminal trespass; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Dominique R. Montgomery, 903 W. College Ave.; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

George E. Helwig, 35 Dogwood Lane, Manchester; earned income tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Ronald Ruffin, 1060 Cherimoya St., earned income tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Erick Brabham, 283 Park St., disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served time.

Jane Heller, 543 Dupont Ave.; scattering rubbish; pleaded guilty, paid fine.

Brenda Stubbs, 3120 Freysville Road, Red Lion; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Robert Harris Jr., 1481 Kratz Road, Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Rachel Harris, 1481 Kratz Road, Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Kevin Cheeseboro, 1247 W. Market St.; disorderly conduct; found guilty; paid
costs.

Seth E. Yohe, 283 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-schedule 1; disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Jesus Ortiz-Ramirez, 406 S. George St.; unsworn false statements to
authorities/forged document, leaving child unattended in vehicle; held for
court.

Tammy E. Green-Lippy, 5532 Stambaugh Road, Spring Grove; driving under the
influence: controlled substance-impaired ability, driving under the influence:
controlled substance-schedule 2 or 3; held for court.

Anthony Carmon, 759 Chanceford Ave.; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Debra J. Shaffer, 30 N. Sumner St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving without headlights; waived to court.

Lois Pickens, 29 E. King St.; access device fraud, theft by deception/false
impression; waived to court.

Reginald L. Wolfe, 231 Pattison St.; accident involving damage to attended
vehicle/property, driving under suspension, operation following suspension of
registration, expired inspection, failure to stop/give information/render aid;
held for court.

David M. Gibbons, 1200 N. George St.; simple assault, harassment; waived to
court.

Veraellen Holtzapple, 605 Vander Ave.; theft by deception/false impression,
acquisition/obtain possession of controlled substance; held for court.

Wahnell Mitzel, 1040 N. Duke St.; driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely, duties at stop signs; pleaded guilty at Common Pleas Court.

Francine M. Alston, 734 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving at safe speed, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Jesse Zimmerman, 183 S. Highland Ave.; simple assault, harassment; waived to
court.

Chad E. McBride, 1210 W. Poplar St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under suspension; careless driving; waived to court.

Wesley E. Preston Jr., 244 E. Poplar St.; unsworn false statements to
authorities/forged document, driving under suspension; held for court.

Alicia Kendig, 590 Newcomer Road, Windsor; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Brandon L. Wood, 3016 S. Queen St., Dallastown; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Laura M. Gurreri, 1810 Seitzville Road, Seven Valleys; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Eugene S. Slaseman, 128 S. 2nd St., Mount Wolf; habitual offenders; driving
under suspension, expired registration, expired inspection; held for court.

Michael S. Davis, 712 W. King St.; driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely; waived to court.

David C. Flores, 838 E. Madison Ave., Lancaster; marijuana; held for court.

Vernon Lentz, 115 S. Edgar St.; mercantile tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Laura Malczynski, 36 York St., Apt. A, Hanover; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Leza Jordan, 4696 Lewisberry Road, Dover; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Goldie Cross, 201 Philadelphia St., Hanover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Bobbie Yarnell Harmic, 927 Stat St., Spring Brook Twp.; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Jose Torres, 28 E. South St.; scavenging; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Dish with power brokers -- for a price;
For parties' conventions, corporate cash welcome

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten and Patrick O'Driscoll

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 400 words


WASHINGTON -- Organizers of the Republican and Democratic conventions are
offering companies access to power brokers and the chance to lobby them as they
try to pick up their fundraising pace a year before the events.

The pitches for corporate sponsorship -- such as golf with state and national
GOP leaders for $2.5million -- highlight the role unlimited contributions known
as "soft money" will play in staging the events.

Minneapolis-St. Paul hosts the GOP; Democrats are in Denver.

The fundraising push comes as efforts to curb the influence of lobbyists and
corporate interests are stalled in Congress. The top plans do little to cut ties
between lawmakers and corporate interests and don't affect next year's events.

Corporate donations are legal for conventions, but Fred Wertheimer, a critic of
the practice and president of the non-partisan watchdog group Democracy 21, said
the donations give companies "the opportunity to buy access and influence." In
contrast, candidates are limited to raising campaign funds in chunks of $2,300
or less and cannot accept corporate or union cash.

Twin Cities organizer Jeff Larson said the convention fundraising isn't about
influence-peddling but helps promote the community.

In Denver, companies donating at least $250,000 can host talks with politicians
on issues affecting their industries. Other private events with Democrats such
as Rep. Diana DeGette also start at $250,000.

DeGette said contributors aren't gaining special favors: "A reception that
donors attend ... doesn't in itself show any undue influence."

Molson Coors Brewing is giving $1 million to the Democratic convention.
Spokesman Dan Lewis admits the donation gives his company, which also makes
ethanol, a chance to lobby. He insists the donation reflects civic pride.

"To have that many decision-makers of any party in your hometown is an
opportunity you don't want to pass up," Lewis said.

Corporate funds will pay for roughly 75% of non-security costs; public money
will pay the rest. Denver has collected $6 million of its roughly $40 million
budget, host committee president Elbra Wedgeworth said. The Twin Cities group
has nearly $4 million of its $58 million goal, Larson said.

Corporate donors got access at other conventions: For at least $1million in
2000, they got a chance to meet GOP nominee George W. Bush, the Campaign Finance
Institute reported.

O'Driscoll reported from Denver

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color,Robert W. Ahrens,USA TODAY,Source:Federal Elections
Commission(Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Kyle Davis 'influences winning' for Dayton Flyers

BYLINE: David Jablonski, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 780 words


Oct. 27--Dayton Flyers assistant coach Tom Ostrom first heard the names Kyle
Davis and Kendall Pollard in the spring of 2012. He was talking to Joe
Henricksen, who runs the City/Suburban Hoops Report in Chicago.

Ostrom asked if there were one or two under-recruited players Henricksen thought
might fit in well at Dayton.

"He mentioned both of those guys before we saw them," Ostrom said. "We got the
names at the same time."

Ostrom first saw Davis play with the Mac Irvin Fire on the Nike EYBL circuit. He
was then as a junior at Morgan Park High School who he is now as a senior guard
with the Flyers.

"He's obviously been a strong, tightly-wound kid," Ostrom said. "He plays with
unbelievable energy, an unbelievable motor and toughness. You see Kyle has a
knack for making game-winning plays. Kyle, as much as anyone I've been around,
he influences winning. He's rarely going to be the leading scorer or a
stat-sheet stuffer, but he influences winning. When the game's on the line, when
the times comes to make a big steal or a big pass or a big shot or big stop, you
want Kyle -- like against Boise State -- on the court. You want him there."

PHOTOS: Best shots of Kyle Davis

Davis, a 6-foot, 175-pound guard, enters his senior season with 588 points, 242
rebounds, 178 assists and 111 steals. If he averages 8.0 points as he did last
season, he'll finish in the top 65 in UD scoring history.

Davis needs only 23 steals to move into the top 10 in that category. Davis has
played in 104 games. If he plays in 35 this season, he'll pass Chris Johnson for
most games played in school history, though fellow senior Scoochie Smith would
likely top Davis as he's played in 106 games the last three seasons.

Davis played with an injured hand last season and had surgery April 1. He comes
into this season healthy and has impressed coach Archie Miller.

"Kyle Davis, far and away from the end of last year to right now, has been an
absolute stud for us in terms of leadership and what he's brought to the table
early in the year as as senior," Miller said.

The fans notice those intangibles. Davis has been a fan favorite throughout his
career. He doesn't put up big numbers -- his career high is 17 points -- but he
makes big shots. He hit the game-winner against Miami last December and the
go-ahead shot on Senior Night last season against Virginia Commonwealth. Davis
is also a two-time winner of Dayton's best defender award.

No one is a bigger fan of Davis than season-ticket holders Tom and Sara Hirt, of
Beavercreek. Tom is a 1997 UD grad, and Sara graduated in 1999. They are both
alums of the pep band. Here are their thoughts on their favorite player.

Sara: Kyle has a confidence about him that is really fun to watch. His defense
is intense, whether he's guarding an all-conference player of the year or an
underclassman off the bench. He has the guts to take a potentially game-winning
shot, even if his shots aren't falling all game. We also appreciate how Kyle is
gracious with fans. His willingness to take time to reply on social media, pose
for a photo, or give an autograph makes you root for him that much more.

Tom: From his first game as a Flyer, Kyle Davis proved he was a winner who just
makes the right play. After Khari Price's improbable steal as the clock was
winding down against IPFW, he tossed the ball to KD (in the game for defense as
a freshman in crunch time!) who instinctively turned toward the basket, then got
the ball to the Flyers' best shooter: Jordan Sibert, who drained the
game-winning 3. That play is emblematic of his career thus far. He makes things
happen on the court, and he has a tremendous basketball IQ.

KD is a disruption on defense and a force on offense despite not being the most
reliable shooter. You know he is going to play as hard as possible until the
final buzzer sounds. I read soon after he committed to UD that he would win
games for us just based on his heart -- that quote was spot-on. He brings a
confidence, a fire, a swagger that every team needs. Another play from his
freshman year that stands out was against Cal in Maui. Not only did he come in
and shut down the red-hot Justin Cobbs, but he had studied Cal's zone from the
sideline. He spotted an opening, and took off down the lane to throw down a dunk
on the head of Cal's 7-foot center David Kravish. Cal's hopes of a comeback were
over after that SportsCenter top-10 highlight. There may be guys who are better
shooters, with better ball-handling skills, but I'll take a team full of winners
with heart like Kyle Davis any day.

___ (c)2016 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161027-1SP-Kyle-Davis-influences
-winning-for-Dayton-Flyers-1027-20161027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2016 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Strong El Ni'o sets the stage for 2015-2016 winter weather

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has issued the
following news release:



 Forecasters at NOAA's Climate Prediction Center issued the U.S. Winter Outlook
today favoring cooler and wetter weather in Southern Tier states with
above-average temperatures most likely in the West and across the Northern Tier.
This year's El Ni&ntilde;o, among the strongest on record, is expected to
influence weather and climate patterns this winter by impacting the position of
the Pacific jet stream.





 &ldquo;A strong El Ni&ntilde;o is in place and should exert a strong influence
over our weather this winter,&rdquo; said Mike Halpert, deputy director, NOAA's
Climate Prediction Center. &ldquo;While temperature and precipitation impacts
associated with El Ni&ntilde;o are favored, El Ni&ntilde;o is not the only
player. Cold-air outbreaks and snow storms will likely occur at times this
winter. However, the frequency, number and intensity of these events cannot be
predicted on a seasonal timescale.&rdquo;

 Other factors that often play a role in the winter weather include the Arctic
Oscillation, which influences the number of arctic air masses that penetrate
into the South and nor'easters on the East Coast, and the Madden-Julian
Oscillation, which can impact the number of heavy rain storms in the Pacific
Northwest.



 The 2015 U.S. Winter Outlook (December through February):



 Precipitation Outlook:



     Wetter-than-average conditions most likely in the Southern Tier of the
United States, from central and southern California, across Texas, to Florida,
and up the East Coast to southern New England. Above-average precipitation is
also favored in southeastern Alaska.



     Drier-than-average conditions most likely for Hawaii, central and western
Alaska, parts of the Pacific Northwest and northern Rockies, and for areas near
the Great Lakes and Ohio Valley.



 Temperature Outlook:



     Above-average temperatures are favored across much of the West and the
northern half of the contiguous United States. Temperatures are also favored to
be above-average in Alaska and much of Hawaii. Below-average temperatures are
most likely in the southern Plains and Southeast.



 Drought Outlook:



     The U.S. Drought Outlook shows some improvement is likely in central and
southern California by the end of January, but not drought removal. Additional
statewide relief is possible during February and March. Drought removal is
likely across large parts of the Southwest, while improvement or removal is also
likely in the southern Plains. However, drought is likely to persist in the
Pacific Northwest and northern Rockies, with drought development likely in
Hawaii, parts of the northern Plains and in the northern Great Lakes
region.While it is good news that drought improvement is predicted for
California, one season of above-average rain and snow is unlikely to remove four
years of drought,&rdquo; said Halpert. &ldquo;California would need close to
twice its normal rainfall to get out of drought and that's unlikely.&rdquo;



 This seasonal outlook does not project where and when snowstorms may hit or
provide total seasonal snowfall accumulations. Snow forecasts are dependent upon
the strength and track of winter storms, which are generally not predictable
more than a week in advance.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Crime Watch for 11/30/2013

BYLINE: York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 359 words


District Judge Thomas J. Reilly's office covers North Codorus, Paradise,
Jackson, Manheim, Heidelberg and Codorus townships, Spring Grove, Seven Valleys,
New Salem and Jefferson. DISPOSITIONS c Ryan J. Miller: 7362 Woodland Drive,
Spring Grove; accidents involving death or personal injury, resisting arrest,
driving under the influence, possession of marijuana, possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived for court. Matthew M. O'Neill: 960 Witmer Road; driving
under the influence-high rate of alcohol, safe speed, careless driving; waived
for court.

Alexander Beddia: 23 Maple St., Seven Valleys; criminal trespass, defiant
trespass; waived for court. Dustin C. Myers: 1362 W. Market St.; driving under
the influence-highest rate of alcohol; waived for court. Amparo Hernandez: 527
North St., McSherrystown; driving under the influence-highest rate of alcohol;
waived for court. Kenneth Jacoby: 30 Mobile Drive, Thomasville; driving under
the influence-highest rate of alcohol; waived for court. Michael W. Henry: 35 S.
Main St., Spring Grove; driving under the influence-highest rate of alcohol,
controlled substance; held for court. Robert J. Sena Jr.: 543 E. Main St.,
Dallastown; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; held for court.
Matthew R. Minkley: 1636 Walker Road, Freeland, Md.; conspiracy-burglary,
conspiracy-robbery, conspiracy-theft; waived for court. Ronald E. Baker: 44 Glen
Ave., Glen Rock; burglary, robbery, theft by unlawful taking, simple
assault-resisting arrest; waived for court. Timothy R. Wilkerson: 439 Old York
Road, Parkton, Md.; conspiracy-burglary, conspiracy-robbery, conspiracy-theft;
waived for court. Carter Hughes: 88 E. Church St., Spring Grove; driving under
the influence-high rate of alcohol, passing when prohibited, operated vehicle
without inspection; waived for court. Akil G. Hogan: 649 E. End Ave., Lancaster;
endangering the welfare of children, driving under the influence-high rate of
alcohol, restraint systems; waived for court. Nathan T. Miller: 26 Campus Court,
Spring Grove; distribute small amount of marijuana, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, public drunkenness; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 17, 2011 Tuesday

More Crime Watch for 5/17/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 909 words


District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Codorus, Manheim and
Heidel berg townships, Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.

DISPOSITIONS

Danny C. Hoke, 6652 York Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence of
alcohol/drugs, possession of small amount of marijuana; waived to court.

Christopher W. Garland, 35 N. Main St., Dover; possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Thomas Hildebrand, 31 Clouser Road, Hanover; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Robert A. Bupp, 12 N. Mail St., York New Salem; possession of drug
paraphernalia, harassment, disorderly conduct, public drunkenness; waived to
court.

David Nuzum, 1206 W. Princess St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Steven Schuchart, 906 Hain Road, New Freedom; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Matthew Perry, 6809 Reynolds Mill Road, Seven Valleys; fleeing or attempting to
elude police, driving under the influence; waived to court.

Wesley T. Woodward, 2370 Junction Road, Seven Valleys; theft of services, theft
by deception; held for court in absentia.

Guy March III, 3056 Monroe St., Manchester, Md.; accidents involving damage to
attended vehicle/property, reckless driving, drivers required to be licensed;
waived to court.

---

District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.

DISPOSITIONS

Brian Ruppert, 963 York St., Hanover; school law; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Heather Renee Vandusen, 2251 Woods Retreat Drive, Westminster, Md.; retail
theft; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Michael James McCubbin, 1035 Barts Church Road, Hanover; PA Fish Commission;
fishing without a license; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Ellen Riley, 1613 Baer Ave., Hanover; school law; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Adam L. Warner, 4 Ann St., Hanover; harassment; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Karl Gatz, 2853 Pleasant Hill Road, Hanover; school law; ordered to pay fine and
cost.

Hanover Juvenile; liquor law; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Timothy Lee Forbes, 364 Wilson Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Karim Ehteshami, 86 Collins Circle, Hanover; school law; ordered to pay fine and
cost.

Brian Ruppert, 963 York St., Hanover; school attendance (2 counts); ordered to
pay fine and cost.

Anthony L. Johnson, 729 Chambersburg Road, Apt. J, Gettysburg; defiant trespass;
ordered to pay fine and cost.

Anthony L. Johnson, 729 Chambersburg Road, Apt. J, Gettysburg; harassment;
ordered to pay fine and cost.

James Franklin Fink III, 301 Westminster Ave., Apt. 1, Hanover; harassment;
pleaded guilty by trial, ordered to pay fine and cost.

Maverick Gabelli, 49 Valley View Drive, Hanover; connect to West Manheim water;
ordered to pay fine and cost.

Justin Michael Fritz, 301 Westminster Ave., Apt. 1, Hanover; harassment; ordered
to pay fine and cost.

Sheila Schiery, 632 Frederick St., Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
cost.

Kimberly Blevins, 11500 Apperson Way, Germantown, Md.; disorderly conduct;
ordered to pay fine and cost.

Rebecca Huff, 800 Baltimore St., Hanover; school law (2 counts); ordered to pay
fine and cost.

Thomas Upton Sweetman, 5 Gardenia Drive, Hanover; public drunkenness; ordered to
pay fine and cost.

Dylan Patrick Conroy, 879 Baltimore St., Hanover; criminal mischief; ordered to
pay fine and cost.

Mark B. Hockenberry, 38 Cornell Drive, Hanover; criminal mischief; ordered to
pay fine and cost.

Robert Leonard Boecker Jr., 49 Scott St., Hanover; parking violation; ordered to
pay fine and cost.

Steven M. Wilkinson, 16 S. Vail Drive, Hanover; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
violations of Commonwealth rules; ordered to pay fine and cost.

Mario Alberto Diaz, 67 Sumac Drive, Hanover; corruption of minors (3 counts),
selling or furnishing liquor to minors (4 counts); waived to court.

Frank Anthony Knecht IV, 66 Harget Drive, Hanover;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture of deliver, intent to
possess controlled substance by person not registered, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, harassment; waived to court.

Ryan Michael Topper, 1835 Knoxlyn Road, Gettysburg; criminal mischief; held for
court.

Ramon Luis Rodriguez, 820 Manor St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver, criminal conspiracy; waived to court.

Jennifer Marie Sexton, 820 Manor St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent
to manufacture or deliver, criminal conspiracy; waived to court.

---

District Judge Dwayne A. Dubs' office covers Hanover.

DISPOSITIONS

Gerald R. Holsinger, 110 Pleasant St., Apt. C, Hanover; harassment; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Christy Chandler, 211 Georgetown Circle, Hanover; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

Andrew J. Gebhart, 39 W. Hanover St., Gettysburg; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Jonathan D. Lau, 201 N. Forrest St.; harassment; found guilty, ordered to pay
fine and costs.

Felix Laboy-Williams, 302 W. Walnut St., Apt. 5, Hanover; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Troy Williams, 111 Baltimore St., second floor, Hanover; harassment; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Nathan A. Brady, 228 Poplar St., Hanover; harassment; pleaded guilty, ordered to
pay fine and costs.

Brandyn M. Neiman, 136 Stanley Drive, New Oxford; criminal trespass; pleaded
guilty, ordered to pay fine and costs.

Dane Mathias, 296 Home Road, Abbottstown; criminal trespass; pleaded guilty,
ordered to pay fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
