
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 3/24/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 189 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Michael A. Rosado, 1521 Continental Road; earned income tax; pleaded guilty,
paid cost and fines.

Barbara E. Cohenour, 4301 Beaumont Road, Dover; earned income tax; pleaded
guilty, paid cost and fines.

Brian A. Peachlum, 943 Wayne Ave.; earned income tax; pleaded guilty, paid cost
and fines.

Rebecca Dougherty, 149 Muddy Creek Forks Road, Brogue; earned income tax;
pleaded guilty, paid cost and fines.

Shane E. Kitner, 1460 S. George St.; earned income tax; pleaded guilty, paid
cost and fines.

Vernon K. Jacobs, 715 Clark Ave.; false reports-falsely incriminate another,
false identification to police, driving under suspension, failure to yield to
emergency vehicle; waived to court.

Matthew K. Crouse, 380 Hykes Mill Road, Manchester; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance
schedule 1, driving under the influence: controlled substance combination of
alcohol and drugs; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 03/12/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1109 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
David A. Newton, 1040 W. Princess St.; possession of marijuana, public
drunkenness; waived to court.

Alyssa A. Weller, 2445 N. 18th St., Philadelphia; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; paid costs.

George E. Fountain, 34 S. Penn St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Emily E. Ceparano, 56 S. Franklin St., Lancaster; unsworn falsification to
authorities/forged documents, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Michelle A. Cobb, 2755 Forge Hill Road, Bel Air, Md.; false identification to
police; waived to court.

Ryanne E. Ness, 514 N. Pershing Ave.; hindering apprehension or
prosecution/tamper with witness; waived to court.

Edward J. Graff, York County Prison; false reports/falsely incriminate another,
false identification to police, resisting arrest, driving under suspension,
driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely;
waived to court.

Geraldo D. Lopez III, 137 Arch St.; flight to avoid
apprehension/trial/punishment; waived to court.

Jeffrey L. Brown, 551 Hill St.; terroristic threats, simple assault, harassment;
held for court.

Shonna A. Smith, 5451 Old Carlisle Road, Dover; accidents involving damage to
attended vehicle, no insurance; waived to court.

Stefan H. May, 171 Vinmar Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, accidents involving damage to unattended
vehicle; held for court.

Brandon M. Smallwood, c/o York County Prison; fleeing/attempting to elude
police, driving under suspension, stop signs; held for court.

Wendelin S. Johnson, 440 W. Market St.; retail theft; misdemeanor; held for
court.

James Lee, 313 E. 5th Ave.; indecent assault, resisting arrest, disorderly
conduct, harassment, public drunkenness; held for court.

---
District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Spring ettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Carrie L. Whittaker, 246-B Friendship Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, maximum speed
limits; waived to court.

Cornell Chase, NFA; forgery, criminal attempt to commit theft by deception,
theft by deception; waived to court.

Amanda Lynn Taylor, 721 E. Philadelphia St.; aggravated harassment by prisoner;
waived to court.

Angelique Nicole Crissy, 233 W. Broadway, Red Lion; contraband and possession of
controlled substance; waived to court.

Benito R. Arce Jr., 70 Robin Hood Drive, Etters; bad checks; waived to court.

Dennis Lee Blymire, P.O. Box 570, Elizabethtown; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, maximum
speed limits, careless driving, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to
court.

Joseph Francis Caruso Jr., 830 Fahs St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, accident
involving damage to attended vehicle, failure to stop and render aid, careless
driving, disregard traffic lane, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Kevin Michael Schmit, 6376 River Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Jeremy Long, 1966 Oxford Road, New Oxford; retail theft, criminal conspiracy to
commit retail theft, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Evelyn Patrice Parker, 14 Camelot Arms; theft by unlawful taking or disposition;
waived to court.

Jessica Marie Girard, 413-B Buttonwood Lane, Hellam; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol;
waived to court.

Jody L. Koons, 319 Kendale Road, Red Lion; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving on
roadways laned for traffic, turning movement and required signals; waived to
court.

Sebrina J. Johnson, 1621 Long Drive; retail theft; waived to court.

Sandra L. Stoltz, 1114 W. Poplar St.; retail theft, driving unregistered
vehicle; held for court in absentia.

Shaun M. Hake, 93 W. High St., Yoe; retail theft; held for court in absentia.

Angie D. Pollock, 442 N. Duke St., Lancaster; theft by deception; bad checks;
waived to court.

Linwood E. Bell, 425 Sechrist Flat Road, Felton; possession of child
pornography; waived to court.

Raymond A. Ray Jr., 123 S. Lehman St.; intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court in
absentia.

Tony S. Hartlaub, 1814 W. Philadelphia St.; criminal conspiracy to commit
robbery; waived to court.

Richard C. Abel III, 627 Brook Circle, Apt. 2, Wrightsville; simple assault,
harassment; waived to court.

Angela Messina, 2436 Cambridge Road; retail theft; waived to court.

Michael J. Bowers, 228 Perry St., Columbia; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, speeding,
failure to use safety belt system; waived to court.

Larry W. Woods Jr., 83 Bethesda Church Road, East, Holtwood; bad checks; waived
to court.

Jayson R. Rodriquez-Rojas, 138 N. Oxford St.; marijuana-small amount for
personal use; held for court in absentia.

Joel D. Axe, 2976 E. Prospect Road; retail theft; held for court.

Scott R. Roeske, 1533 Zarker Road, Lancaster; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol; disregard traffic control device; waived to court.

Brandon M. Singleton, 161 Sylvan Drive; possession of marijuana, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Nicholas Micek, 337-A Buttonwood Lane; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Eddie L. Ortiz, 520 Terrace Road, Lancaster; marijuana-small amount for personal
use; waived to court.

Chanler L. Kinard, 3975 Eastgate Drive; simple assault, recklessly endangering
another person, criminal conspiracy-to commit simple assault, criminal
conspiracy-to commit recklessly endangering another person; waived to court.

Joseph M. Ruth, 1344 W. Philadelphia St.; marijuana-small amount for personal
use, exceed 35 m.p.h. in urban district by 17 mph; waived to court.

Michael R. Hecker, 1621 W. Philadelphia St.; terroristic threats, harassment;
held for court.

David Howard Deverter, 512 Martin Ave., Mount Joy; driving under the influence:
high rate of alcohol, obedience to traffic control devices; waived to court.

Rachael M. Kloepfer, 43 E. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; driving
under the influence: minors; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 29, 2006 Sunday

Half-page Books: War resister

BYLINE: Half-page Books

LENGTH: 1415 words


War on the Middle Class: How the Government, Big Business, and Special Interest
Groups Are Waging War on the American Dream and How to Fight Back by Lou Dobbs
(Viking Adult)

Lou Dobbs is not a happy anchor. The namesake of CNN's business report "Lou
Dobbs Tonight" is hopping mad at both political parties, Congress, corporations,
lobbyists, banks, the mainstream news media and everyone else he can think of
for waging or supporting what he calls "class warfare" on the middle class. I
talked to him Tuesday from his offices in New York City.

Q: What is the single most important battle you think needs to be won in defense
of the middle class?

A: The Number One issue that has to be confronted by about 250 million
middle-class Americans is their lack of representation in Washington, D.C.
Nothing is more important than regaining political influence and representation
for our middle class. Corporate America dominates our political system, our
electoral system, our legislative system. And the middle class has to find a
countervailing influence to that overwhelming political power ... .

This has been going on now for about 15 to 20 years, but it has accelerated in
the last five with free-trade agreements, with outsourcing, with the importation
of illegal labor, and the absolute influence of corporations over legislation.
Corporate America is spending over $2 billion a year to not only influence
Congress but to actually write legislation, as in the example of the 2005
bankruptcy law, in which the credit card companies actually wrote the
legislation.

Q: Do you see this as something new or something that has grown or something
that has just been discovered?

A: I believe that this war has been going on for some time, as American
companies have increasingly turned their backs on the communities and the nation
which they both created and in which they operate. In so doing they've reduced
their investment in education, in health care, in infrastructure in their
communities. This has been going on now for about 15 to 20 years, but it has
accelerated in the last five with free trade agreements, with outsourcing, with
the importation of illegal labor, and the absolute influence over legislation.
In terms of their legislative influence, corporate America is spending over $2
billion a year to not only influence Congress but to actually write legislation,
as in the example of the 2005 bankruptcy law, in which the credit card companies
actually wrote the legislation.

Q: Is it not true, however, that generally the middle class is better off today
than it was a generation ago -- more income, bigger homes, better cars,
computers, etc.?

A: More Americans own homes but they have the lowest amount of equity in their
homes in history. More middle-class families are living less in their homes than
they are on their homes. By that I mean taking home-equity loans to make up for
what have been stagnant wages, refinancing their homes, trying to keep up with
rapidly escalating health care costs, tuition costs for their children in public
universities, for crying out loud. The middle class has, if you will, more toys
and trinkets but far less in the way of leisure time and peace of mind.

Q: How do you define your politics and economics?

A: My economics are not faith-based, as are those of both political parties who
embrace free trade that leads to 30 consecutive years of trade deficits. I
believe in our free-enterprise democracy. I'm a capitalist, but I disdain those
who support unfettered capitalism. As for my politics, as I say in the book, I
am unaffiliated, independent and I can't take seriously either Republicans or
Democrats who take themselves seriously because neither the Democratic Party nor
the Republican Party takes seriously our middle class or their obligation to the
common good and the national interest.

Q: A libertarian would argue that the cause of many of these problems and the
suffering of the middle class are a result of too much Big Government -- too
much taxes, too much subsidies, too much corporate welfare, etc. Does any of
that ring true to you?

A: I think certainly some of that is absolutely true, but we come at it from
quite different directions. Each of those is an outgrowth of the overwhelming
political dominance of corporate America. Corporate America is in the same stage
of excess that labor unions were in 30 years ago and I believe that as
middle-class America asserts itself, its interests and its needs, and insists on
representation in Washington, you will see America return to a regard of its
people as citizens first and consumers secondarily, and a general view of this
country first as a nation rather than a marketplace.

Q: If neither the Republican Party nor the Democrat Party seems to give a damn
about the middle class, or both seem happy to abuse it, what's the solution?

A: I believe truly that the first thing that middle-class Americans have to do
is serve notice on both the Republican National Committee and the Democratic
National Committee that they won't be played for fools any longer. I urge every
American, whether he or she is going to vote Republican or Democrat, to register
as an independent and push away what are really marketing enterprises rather
than political parties that are more about branding than they are about
governance.

Box of Books

America Alone: The End of the World as We Know It by Mark Steyn (Regnery)

Smart, conservative and witty as all get out, columnist Mark Steyn says it's
time to stand up against "the great poison of the twenty-first century: the
anti-Americanism that fuels both Old Europe and radical Islam." It's up to
America to save Western civilization from the coming Muslim plague, argues
Steyn, who says that aging, wimpy, socialist, childless, multiculturally
obsessed Europe has already committed demographic, cultural and political
suicide. Meanwhile, with Islam confident and out-birthing the West, America can
survive only if it continues to believe in itself and has the will to defend its
founding individualistic values and self-reliant virtues.

Enemies: How America's Foes Steal Our Vital Secrets -- and How We Let It Happen
by Bill Gertz (Crown Forum)

Arguably the country's most aggressive investigative reporter on defense and
national security matters, Bill Gertz uses previously unpublished classified
documents and dozens of interviews with intelligence officials to expose how our
enemies -- and friends -- are stealing our secrets and using them against us.
Gertz describes how the liars, spies and moles who've been operating in the FBI,
the CIA and the White House threaten our safety. Gertz, a Washington Times
staffer, is also author of "Treachery," "Breakdown" and "Betrayal."

The Crusader: Ronald Reagan and the Fall of Communism by Paul Kengor (Regan)

As Grove City College political science professor Paul Kengor shows, Ronald
Reagan's dream of toppling the Soviet Union began long before he got to the
White House. Kengor, author of "God and Ronald Reagan," taps declassified
presidential papers, Soviet media archives and interviews with key
administration players to document how President Reagan pushed his agenda to
undermine "The Evil Empire" at every opportunity. Reagan not only armed Afghan
rebels with Stinger missiles and rigged a test of the "Star Wars" anti-missile
system to fool the Soviets into spending more rubles on defense, Kengor says, he
also worked more subtly to weaken the U.S.S.R. economy by getting the Saudi's to
drive down world oil prices and even ordered the sabotage of a Soviet pipeline.

Slaughter at Iwo Jima

Flags of Our Fathers by James Bradley with Ron Powers (Bantam Books)

"Easy Company had been ashore some twenty minutes and in their assembly area
when the slaughter began. Smoke and earsplitting noise suddenly filled the
universe. The almost unnoticed blockhouses on the flat ground facing the ocean
began raking the exposed troops with machine-gun bullets. But the real firestorm
erupted from the mountain, from Suribachi: mortars, heavy artillery shells, and
machine-gun rounds ripped into the stunned Americans. Two thousand hidden
Japanese were gunning them down with everything from rifles to coastal defense
guns. "It was so loud it was almost quiet," one stunned Marine remembered. To
Lieutenant Keith Wells, Doc's 3rd Platoon leader, Suribachi turned into a
monstrous Christmas tree with blinking lights. The lights were gun barrels
discharging ammunition at him and his men."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            September 4, 2006 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding Warrants

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 356 words


Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for information about the following people, identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at
(208) 446-1300.

FELONIES

Erin P. Gardner - 19, Coeur d'Alene, rape, $2,500 bond.

James A. Harris - 37, Post Falls, grand theft, $250,000 bond.

Frank J. Worth - 37, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, possession of financial transaction card, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Jeffery B. Carter - 42, Coeur d'Alene, petty theft, $1,000 bond.

Kenneth W. Ford - 38, Spokane, failure to appear/excessive driving under the
influence, open container of alcohol, invalid driver's license, 29 days in jail,
no bond.

Melvin N. Ford Jr. - 49, Spokane, driving while suspended, $500 bond.

Michael A. Ford - 21, Spokane Valley, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $2,000 bond.

Rodger D. Ford - 31, Warrenton, Ore., failure to appear/disturbing the peace,
$1,000 bond.

Steven E. Ford - 47, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/domestic battery,
$15,000 bond.

Darrell  Johnson - 36, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $132 bond.

David A. Johnson - 39, Hayden, trespassing, disturbing the peace, assault,
$10,000 bond.

Ida Jean I. Johnson, aka Ione Johnson - 35, Coeur d'Alene, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $1,000 bond.

Izaak W. Johnson - 31, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $2,000 bond.

Joseph R. Johnson - 26, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/domestic battery,
driving under the influence, invalid driver's license, $3,000 bond.

Kim D. Johnson - 51, Spokane, invalid driver's license, $300 bond.

Larry H. Johnson - 52, Rockford, Wash., driving while suspended, failure to
provide proof of insurance, $500 bond.

Lynda  L. Johnson - 43, East Helena, Mont., driving while suspended, failure to
provide proof of insurance, $1,000 bond.

Michael C. Johnson - 52, Athol, driving while suspended, $500 bond.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted
felons can be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home
page at http://co. kootenai.id.us/sheriff.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             July 11, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

District Court

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; District Court; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 515 words


The following people were found guilty in Portland District Court. Only cases
that result in a jail sentence or fines of at least $150 are included. The dates
refer to the times of the infractions.

Thomas R. Konow, 43, of Falmouth, operating while license suspended or revoked,
9/5/05, $250.

Thomas A. Blake Jr., 42, of Old Orchard Beach, operating while license suspended
or revoked, 3/30/06, $500.

Patrick Choiniere, 23, of Limington, operating under the influence, 5/7/06,
license suspended 90 days, $700.

Ronald J. Landry, 38, of Portland, operating while license suspended or revoked,
2/20/06, $250.

Elena Jasmir Lozada, 20, of Portland, assault, two counts, 5/10/06, $300 for
each count.

Stephen W. Marshall, 43, of Buxton, operating under the influence, 5/6/06, 10
days in jail, license suspended 18 months, $1,000; operating without a license,
5/6/06, $150.

Charles Moss, 20, of South Portland, assault, 3/27/06, $1,372.37 restitution,
$300 fine.

Premier Trucking Ltd., of Davidsonville, Md., unsafe loading, 3/29/06, $250.

Dahlonega Transport, of Dahlonega, Ga., failure to surrender license or
certificate, 6/16/06, $250.

Jason L. Hitchcock, 20, of Portland, carrying concealed weapon, 6/28/06, $250.

Lisa A. Pendexter, 19, of Auburn, operating while license suspended or revoked,
2/27/06, $250.

Robert Turner, 32, of Augusta, operating vehicle without a license, 5/26/06,
$150.

Nicole Bisson, 19, of Scarborough, operating under the influence, 5/28/06, $500.

Rebekah S. Cooper, 20, of Buckfield, operating while license suspended or
revoked, 5/24/06, $250.

Anthony M. Dall, 23, of South Portland, operating under the influence, 5/27/06,
license suspended 90 days, $700.

Nina Dean, 48, of Portland, operating under the influence, 5/18/06, license
suspended 90 days, $500; operating vehicle without a license, 5/18/06, $150.

Sayre English, 34, of Portland, operating after registration suspended, 4/22/06,
$100; failure to register vehicle, 4/22/06, $100.

Cynthia Green, 31, of Yarmouth, operating vehicle without a license, 1/20/06,
$150.

Rodney Hazelton, 52, of Forshen, N.H., operating without
registration/reciprocity, 5/5/06, $200.

Anthony Maglione, 31, of Scarborough, operating while license suspended or
revoked, 5/20/06, $500.

Maine Wide Construction Inc., of Augusta, permit unlawful use, 2/11/06, $250.

Gabriel McKusick, 27, of Freeport, reckless conduct, 5/10/06, $300.

Eric J. Nelson, 18, of Portland, minor possessing liquor, 5/5/06, $200.

Hoang Nguyen, 26, of Portland, possession of marijuana, 5/5/06, $350.

Everett Nichols, 44, of Scarborough, operating while license suspended or
revoked, 5/19/06, $500.

Zachary Nilsen, 19, of Portland, operating vehicle without a license, 6/4/06,
$150.

Joshua Sellick, 25, of Gorham, speeding 30+ mph over speed limit, 5/25/06, $500.

David W. Skillings, 20, of Portland, operating while license suspended or
revoked, 5/25/06, $500.

Gary Smith Jr., 21, of South Portland, disorderly conduct, 5/14/06, $150.

Sean M. Steinmark, 22, of Yarmouth, operating while license suspended or
revoked, 4/10/06, $350; operating after registration suspended, 4/10/06, $100.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 28, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Do it again: Aloha welcomes back melodic, accessible art rock

BYLINE: John Wenzel Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. FF-11

LENGTH: 697 words


"Progressive rock" used to be a dirty phrase.

It brought to mind the painfully unaware cheesiness of Rush, the instrumental
self-indulgence of Yes or the absurd theatricality of early Genesis.

These days, it's far more respectable to list those bands as influences, thanks
in part to a '90s Chicago post-rock scene that birthed hipster acts like
Tortoise, and the Sea and Cake, or a resurgence of ironic metal bands placing a
premium on solos.

Aloha, an indie-prog quartet visiting the Bluebird Theater tonight, never has
been ashamed that its influences are more Steely Dan than Rolling Stones. In
fact, the group's unwavering devotion to its muse has sustained it.

"If you're going to play in a band for seven years, whatever you're doing is
going to go in and out of favor," said singer/guitarist Tony Cavallario from a
tour stop in Arlington, Va. "We're into '70s songwriters, prog-rock and
experimental stuff, but we come from a punk background."

That grab bag of influences can be heard on Aloha's excellent new album, "Some
Echoes," the band's fifth for Polyvinyl Records. Opener "Brace Your Face" slides
jittery drums under a snaking thread of guitars, lispy vocals and plinking
marimba, Cavallario singing obliquely, "Who lives in pine cone, tangled in
steel?"

As much as Aloha values its experimental and jazz-rock forefathers, its music is
accessible and urgently melodic. It helps that the band works together
obsessively, honing its intricate songs line by line. Despite the fact that its
members - bassist Matthew Gengler, drummer/keyboardist Cale Parks and
multi-instrumentalist T.J. Lipple - are scattered across the eastern United
States, they find ways to make it work.

"I don't feel like it's much of an obstacle these days," said Cavallario. "Its
actually kind of a benefit, because we get space from each other and we're
always excited to get together again and play."

Via the Internet and MP3s, the band shares new songs across Illinois, Ohio,
Pennsylvania and New York.

"I don't think we could live without the Internet, because that's our connection
to our fans," Cavallario added. "It's a place to go where people are keeping
your music in rotation when you might not be on tour.

"If we couldn't have that daily expression on the computer, or the daily ego
boost of having a MySpace page, I don't know if it would work as well."

Certainly, the members' lives outside the band threaten to dilute their
attention. Cavallario works at the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle newspaper.
Parks plays in Cex and Joan of Arc, and is preparing a solo album for a Japanese
release. T.J. Lipple plays in Pagoda and works at Silver Sonya, an offshoot of
legendary Inner Ear Studios in Washington, D.C., where "Some Echoes" was
recorded.

"There was some awesome stuff that happened on the first two albums because we
weren't on the same page, but that's not where we want to be now," Cavallario
said of Aloha's focused tack. "We're as collectivist-oriented as we can be as
far as everyone's musical input."

It was apparent what a well-oiled machine Aloha had become at its South by
Southwest performance in March. Instruments were routinely swapped; songs
effortlessly bled into one another.

"People said it would be more fun than (the) CMJ festival, and I guess it was,"
said Cavallario. "Obviously it's indie-rock spring break, but from our
perspective, we were so busy playing that we didn't soak it in."

The shows helped raise the band's visibility, even garnering a business card
from a major label. But Cavallario insists he is happy with Polyvinyl Records,
which signed the band in 1999 basely solely on a demo tape (a rare occurrence).

"I sent them an e-mail at 3 a.m. once and said, 'I want to send you a demo of
our band. We sound like a cross between Red House Painters and early Genesis,"'
Cavallario said with a chuckle. "It was strangely accurate."

Staff writer John Wenzel can be reached at 303-820-1642 or
jwenzel@denverpost.com.

----------------------------------------

Aloha

INDIE ROCK|Bluebird Theater, 3317 E. Colfax Ave.; 8 tonight; all ages; with
Pinback and Jade $14Shader||Ticketweb.com

----------------------------------------

DOWNLOAD SONGS FROM ALOHA. denverpost.com/music

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: INTERVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday
                         Coastal Edition; Final Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 355 words


Knox County Superior Court

Cases Oct. 3, 2005

Jennifer A. Foster, 25, South Thomaston, operating under influence, 72-hour
alternative sentencing program, 90-day license suspension; violation of
conditions of release, $350.

Venson E. Simmons, 47, Cushing, criminal operating under influence, 364 days,
all but 60 days suspended, $700, 18-month license suspension.

John P. O'Hara, 51, Warren, operating after suspension, seven days, $700,
one-year license suspension; operating unregistered motor vehicle, dismissed.

James M. Cook, 43, Bangor, operating after suspension, $200; criminal operating
under influence, dismissed.

Alexander S. Fellows, 17, Camden, criminal operating under influence, dismissed.

Andrew K. Kinney, 19, Thomaston, criminal operating under influence, 48 hours,
$500, 90-day license suspension; operating without license, dismissed; hunting
or possessing rabbit in closed season, $150.

Clyde Maloney, 60, Cushing, probation revocation, 251 days.

Danielle R. Veilleux, 23, Portland, aggravated trafficking in drugs, three
years, all but six months suspended, two years probation; aggravated trafficking
in drugs, conspiracy to commit aggravated trafficking and trafficking in prison
contraband, dismissed.

Gregory Barrows, 23, Union, operating under influence, $500, 90-day license
suspension; failure to stop for officer, $300.

Jesse Breda, 21, Hope, operating under influence, $500, 90-day license
suspension; carrying concealed weapon, dismissed.

Angela M. Simmons, 28, Rockland, unlawful possession of scheduled drugs, 364
days, all but seven days suspended, one year probation.

Gary S. Peters, 35, Cushing, probation revocation, 47 days.

Joshua B. Hupper, 23, Tenants Harbor, disorderly conduct, $350; assault,
dismissed.

Frederica Justice, 46, Union, operating under influence, $500, 90-day license
suspension.

Christopher Witham, 29, Owls Head, operating under influence, 96 hours, $600,
90-day license suspension.

Leroy Bixby, 45, South Thomaston, violation of protection from harassment order,
$150.

Tim VanCampen, 58, Thomaston, driving to endanger, $600, 60-day license
suspension; operating under influence, dismissed.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           December 2, 2004 Thursday

LAGUNA BEACH POLICE BLOTTER

SECTION: LAGUNABEACH

LENGTH: 532 words


freda ... here is a template to create the coplog each week.

Monday, Nov.29

La Brea, 100 block, traffic stop. Brian Max Kissel, of Laguna Beach, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 11:29 p.m.

Coast Highway/Ocean Avenue, pedestrian stop. Deillie Chester White was arrested
on suspicion of public drunkenness. Reported at 12:17 a.m.

Sunday, Nov.28

Park, 900 block, fraud report. Ida Karen Massimini, of Laguna Beach, was
arrested on suspicion of misuse of credit cards. Reported at 2:08 p.m.

Coast Highway/Montage Resort, traffic stop. Corbin Gregg Bagabaugh, of San
Clemente, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at
2:25 a.m.

Fairview, 200 block, traffic stop. Wendy Gena Lieberman, of Laguna Beach, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 2:51 a.m.

Coast Highway/High Drive, traffic stop. Angela Dawn Aguda, of Huntington Beach,
was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 1:37 a.m.

Saturday, Nov. 27

Forest, 400 block, traffic stop. Rudolph Campos, of Texas, was arrested on
suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 1:37 a.m.

Ocean Way, 200 block, traffic stop. Cynthia Ann Baushey, of Laguna Beach, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 11:13 p.m.

Viejo/Coast Highway, pedestrian stop. Gregory James Kuebler, of Huntington
Beach, was arrested on a warrant for possession of less than one ounce of
marijuana. Reported at 10:00 p.m.

Cliff Drive/Coast Highway, drunken driving. Manuel Mendo Salas, of Nevada, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 3:49 p.m.

Cleo, 100 block, traffic stop. Bryan David Fastenberg, of Arizona, was arrested
on suspicion of driving under the influence. A charge of unlicensed driver was
added. Reported at 2:33 a.m.

Coast Highway, 200 block, traffic stop. Sara Lynn Estess, of Bakersfield, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 2:45 p.m.

San Joaquin/Coast Highway, traffic stop. Nick Steven Scher, of Cardiff, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Catherine Sepulveda was
arrested on suspicion of resisting and obstructing an officer. Reported at 1:14
a.m.

Friday, Nov. 26

Moss/Coast Highway, pedestrian stop. Eric A. Meciwese, of Florida, was arrested
on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 7:08 p.m.

Cypress/Myrtle, pedestrian stop. John Clayton Haag, of Laguna Beach, was booked
on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance and on suspicion of
possession of marijuana for sale. Reported at 8:15 a.m.

Police Blotter is compiled by Erika I. Ritchie from oral and written reports of
the Laguna Beach Police Department. The crime log represents only a portion of
the crimes committed during the reporting period. Arrests indicate a suspicion
of violations, not charges filed, nor results of court proceedings unless noted.

Police Blotter, compiled by Erika I. Ritchie from oral and written reports of
the Laguna Beach Police Department, represents only a portion of the crimes
committed during the reporting period. Arrests indicate a suspicion of
violations, not charges filed, nor results of court proceedings.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Big U.S. Firms Seek to Increase Influence on State Politics

                          November 17, 1983, Thursday


Major U.S. companies are trying to increase their influence in state politics
because the amount of business-related legislation at the state level has grown
rapidly, according to a study by the Conference Board released yesterday.

The study, covering a broad cross-section of 253 of the nation's largest
companies, shows that 75% of the companies now engage in efforts to influence
public policy in one or more states. Nearly half of the companies which now
employ state-government relations specialists have hired them since 1975.

The study reveals the following:

* More than 40% of the firms with state relations departments report increases
in their use of outside lobbyists.

* Two-thirds of the companies say their managers and other company executives
are devoting increasing amounts of time to state affairs.

* Two-thirds of the firms indicate that a rising share of their Political Action
Committee funds are going to candidates for state and local office.

* Surveyed companies are most active at the state level in California, Ohio, New
York, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Texas, New Jersey, Michigan, Florida, Indiana,
North Carolina, Washington, Massachusetts, and Wisconsin.

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 203 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             March 7, 2006 Tuesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 561 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
 DISPOSITIONS
 Michael W. Clark, Cheyanne Drive, Windsor; robbery; waived to court.

Amanda M. Whay, Hilton Ave.; robbery; waived to court.

Louis A. Deleon, N. Queen St.; burglary; waived to court.

Zachary Carroll, Susquehanna Trail; conspire burglary; waived to court.

Kathy Weems, Millcreek Road, Dover; simple assault; held for court.

Shawn Hubbard, Evergreen Road, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Kathleen S. Sanders, Poplar Ave., New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Carl M. Seitz III, concord Road; robbery; held for court.

James L. Lombardo, Springers Lane, New Cumberland; accidents involving death;
waived to court.

Daniel L. Kreider, Essex St., Marietta; defiant trespass; waived to court.

Justin Jarman, Susquehanna Trail; conspire burglary; held for court.

Howard L. Slippery, Copenhaffer Road; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Leann Luse, Butter Road, Dover; retail theft; waived to court.

William E. Hughes, Ridge Road, Etters; failure to comply with regulations;
fugitive.

David W. Rudy, Red Mill Road, Etters; theft by unlawful taking; fugitive.

Justin R. Casner, White Dogwood Drive, Etters; statutory sexual assault; waived
to court.

Joan J. Prologo, Summitview Court, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Connie Peterson, Aspen Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Brandon S. Miller, Valley Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Linda K. Bender, Sanger Lane, York Haven; bad checks; held for court.

Jordan D. Learn, Herman Ave., Lemoyne; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Samuel B. Leach, Shauffnertown Road, New Cumberland; corruption of minors;
waived to court.

Michael J. Houseknecht, Ridge Road, Etters; false identification to law
enforcement; held for court.

Richard K. Husler, Springers Lane, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

David W. Mull, Birch Lane, Carlisle; escape; waived to court.

George E. Havens, concord Road; burglary; waived to court.

Michael B. Sanger, Copenhafer Road; robbery; waived to court.

Christopher C. Lewis, Ramblewood Drive, Etters; conspire burglary; held for
court.

Sandra Harris, Ridge Road, Etters; theft by unlawful taking; held for court.

Jason L. Fultz, Plaza Apts., LeBanon; conspire robbery; waived to court.

Heather Whitfield, Plaza Apts., Lebanon; conspire robbery; waived to court.

Nicholas Rudy, Springer Lane, New Cumberland; theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

David W. Walton Jr., Clover St., Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Shawn P. Kelley, Kenwood Ave., Carlisle; manufacture, deliver , possession; held
for court.

Jimmy L. Stoll Jr., Conewago Ave., Manchester; harassment; waived to court.

Teresa L. Butler, Disbrow St., Harrisburg; use, possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Ervin E. Billet Jr., Old Trail Road, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                          December 24, 2003 Wednesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 1385 words


Dispositions

David S. Sansoni II, first block West Front Street, Lewisberry; simple assault;
waived to court. [Gross]

Wesley P. Brydon, 2400 block School House Road, Middletown, Dauphin County;
driving under the influence of alcohol; waived to court. [Gross]

Curtis Griffin, 1500 block Old Trail Road, Etters; simple assault, endangering
welfare of children; waived to court. [Gross]

Juan Velaquez-Berrios, 1300 block York Haven Road, York Haven; driving under the
influence of alcohol, restrictions on alcoholic beverages, careless driving;
waived to court. [Gross]

Michael J. Cooper, 400 block Centerview Drive, New Cumberland; possession of
controlled substance/marijuana, drug paraphernalia; held for court. [Gross]

Stephen F. Miller, first block South Front Street, York Haven; simple assault;
waived to court. [Gross]

Darrell D. Fears, 1500 block South 15th Street, Harrisburg; false identification
to law enforcement officer; waived to court. [Gross]

Richard E. Farber, 1200 block Vintage Drive, Harwood, Md.; deliver controlled
substance/cocaine, criminal conspiracy to deliver controlled substance/cocaine,
possess with intent to deliver/cocaine; waived to court. [Gross]

Elijah E. Valencia, 300 block East Main Street, Mechanicsburg, Cumberland
County; fleeing or attempt to elude officer, duties at stop sign, careless
driving, exceed maximum speed limits; waived to court. [Gross]

Richard M. Etter Jr., 200 block Mount Zion Road, Carlisle, Cumberland County;
driving under the influence of alcohol, disregard traffic lane; held for court.
[Gross]

Terry Albright Sr., 200 block Kise Mill Road, York Haven; criminal mischief,
harassment; waived to court. [Gross]

Lori M. Rosengrant, 6300 block Old Carlisle Road, Dover; driving under the
influence of alcohol, driving under the influence of controlled
substance/marijuana, driving under the influence of alcohol and controlled
substance/marijuana, possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court. [Gross]

Christopher M. Georgianni, first block Winding Way, Gibbsboro, N.J.; deliver
controlled substance/cocaine, criminal conspiracy to deliver controlled
substance/cocaine; waived to court. [Gross]

Richard E. Sharp, 5100 block Susquehanna Trail; indecent assault, harassment;
held for court. [Gross]

Chad D. Paul, 300 block Fieldstone Road, Camp Hill, Cumberland County; driving
under the influence of alcohol, driving under the influence of controlled
substance/marijuana, driving under the influence of alcohol and controlled
substance/marijuana, purchase etc. alcoholic beverage by a minor; waived to
court. [Gross]

Travis G. Bitting, 4000 block North Sherman Street Extended, Mount Wolf;
indecent exposure [three counts], open lewdness [three counts], disorderly
conduct [three counts]; held for court. [Gross]

Shaun A. Baer, 1200 block East Lisburn Road, Mechanicsburg, Cumberland County;
simple assault, terroristic threats, false imprisonment; waived to court.
[Gross]

Jamie L. Sudduth, 600 block Cedar Ridge Lane, Mechanicsburg, Cumberland County;
access device fraud, retail theft, theft by deception; waived to court. [Gross]

Samantha D. Eary, 200 block Bridge Street, New Cumberland County; driving under
the influence of alcohol; waived to court. [Gross]

Barton R. Rehm Jr., 800 block Red Mill Road, Etters; simple assault,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court. [Gross]

District Justice Scott J. Gross's office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Goldsboro, Lewisberry and York Haven.

Ryan L. Wickline, 210 Stuart Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; ordered to pay fine and costs, $67. [District Justice James S. Miner]

Westley E. Lippy, 1125 Cobblestone Court, Hanover; harassment; ordered to pay
fine and costs, $322. [Miner]

Hanover juvenile; disorderly conduct; ordered to pay fine and costs, $412.
[Miner]

Richard W. Mitchell Jr., 3121/2 Third St., Hanover; confinement of dog; ordered
to pay fine and costs, $110.30. [Miner]

W. Dean Wright, 446 Baltimore St., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; ordered to pay fine and costs, $67. [Miner]

Brian L. Ruppert, 963 York St., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified places;
ordered to pay fine and costs, $67. [Miner]

Hanover juvenile; criminal mischief; ordered to pay fine and costs, $736.61.
[Miner]

Daniel A. Eisenhart, 118 Circle Drive, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine
and costs, $97. [Miner]

Raymond J. Bankert, 416 S. High St., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; ordered to pay fine and costs, $67. [Miner]

Benjamin D. Warner, 1224 Granite Station Road, Gettysburg; liquor law; ordered
to pay fine and costs, $322. [Miner]

James R. Jennings, 3183 Pine Orchard Lane, Ellicott City, Md.; possession and
display of license; ordered to pay fine and costs, $143.50. [Miner]

Allan F. Godfrey Jr., 148-A Pleasant St., Hanover; disorderly conduct; ordered
to pay fine and costs, $272. [Miner]

Kenneth R. Gilliam, 255 Berwick Road, Abbottstown; harassment; ordered to pay
fine and costs, $422. [Miner]

Sylvia Gower, 311 Marin Drive, Hanover; opening burning without permit; ordered
to pay fine and costs, $452. [Miner]

Brian P. Ruley, 8054 Wallace Road, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $77. [Miner]

Amber L. Long, 42 Cody Court, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and costs,
$97. [Miner]

Donna Loscomb, 1130 Krentler Drive, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $97. [Miner]

Crystal G. Shadle, 2280 Young Road, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $97. [Miner]

Randy L. Kreft, 3619 Granite Road, Woodstock, Md.; wage tax; ordered to pay fine
and costs, $77. [Miner]

Brenda Bergstresser, 3547 Hobart Road, Glenville; wage tax; ordered to pay fine
and costs, $97. [Miner]

Vanessa R. Shuff, 1200 Baer Ave., Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $77. [Miner]

Glenn Lippy, 237 Georgetown Court, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $97. [Miner]

Raymond R. Simmons, 54 Colonial Drive, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine
and costs, $77. [Miner]

Karen Strauss, 4010 Echo Lane, Glenville; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $77. [Miner]

Carole M. Grimm, 73 Zachary Drive, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $77. [Miner]

Chris A. Lawyer, 223 John St., Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and costs,
$77. [Miner]

Terry Frock Jr., 820 W. Alvin St., Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $77. [Miner]

Barron K. Finneyfrock, 484 Pumping Station Road, Hanover; wage tax; ordered to
pay fine and costs, $77. [Miner]

Arthur Stanley, 349 Beckmill Road, Hanover; sanitation violation; ordered to pay
fine and costs, $252. [Miner]

Ruben Garcia, 2171/2 High St., Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and costs,
$47.50. [Miner]

Ruben R. Garcia, R2171/2 High St., Hanover; wage tax; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $97. [Miner]

Timothy L. Forbes, 1120 Westminster Ave., Hanover; disorderly conduct; ordered
to pay fine and costs, $422. [Miner]

Hanover juvenile; disorderly conduct; ordered to pay fine and costs, $332.
[Miner]

Michael A. Denmyer, 2912 Erie Ave., Baltimore; violation of government rules and
regulations; ordered to pay fine and costs, $147. [Miner]

William J. Cool, 1601 Baer Ave., Hanover; harassment; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $322. [Miner]

David E. Cajas, 712 Linden Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; ordered to pay fine and costs, $67. [Miner]

Daniel W. Cornitcher, 8500 Side Saddle Court, Randallastown, Md.; violation of
government rules regarding parking; ordered to pay fine and costs, $147. [Miner]

Krista L. Mann, 830 W. Alvin St., Hanover; bad check; ordered to pay fine and
costs, $230.05. [Miner]

Raymond L. Wilderson, 6535 Brodbeck Road, Glen Rock; wage tax; ordered to pay
fine and costs, $77. [Miner]

District Justice James S. Miner's office covers Penn, Codorus, Manheim and West
Manheim townships; and Jefferson.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 York Newspapers, Inc.


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Suburbs get urban makeover

BYLINE: Haya El Nasser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 805 words


Trend of growing 'up, not out' reflects Asian influences and priorities such as
cutting energy costs

Gleaming high-rises and dense development in white-picket-fence suburbia?

From Anaheim and Fremont in California to Irving, Texas; Queens, N.Y.; and
Arlington, Va., development has taken a dramatic turn from cul-de-sacs to city
centers that mix residences, businesses and entertainment spots.

Suburbs that had not allowed development to rise too high above the
single-family homes that have shaped suburbia for decades are beginning to
embrace the "urban" in "suburban."

The trend reflects the priorities of the times: saving energy, reducing traffic
congestion, saving land, and promoting walking and mass transit.

In some areas, such developments also are a response to Asian influences subtly
reshaping some American suburbs. The U.S. Asian population is booming, and in
these dismal economic times, much of the capital available comes from Asia. As a
result, developments appealing to Asian sensibilities have real potential.

"It is a sociological thing," says John Clifford, a principal with
GreenbergFarrow, an architecture and planning firm based in Atlanta. "People who
come from Asia are very used to high-density living. Asians have been very
comfortable in high-rises for a long time. So they copy it when they come."

Clifford sees the Asian influence in developments in Queens and parts of New
Jersey where Indian populations have grown.

Rapid pace of growth

The trend has played out in a big way in and around Vancouver, British Columbia,
where the number of minorities soared past a million this decade -- most of them
Chinese and South Asian immigrants.

"Providing more choices for people in suburbia that allow them to lead a
healthier life with less impact on the environment is a really great thing,"
says Ellen Dunham-Jones, architecture professor at Georgia Tech and co-author of
Retrofitting Suburbia.

The Asian population in the USA grew 30% this decade to 15.5 million, and it has
soared in some suburbs. In Gwinnett County outside Atlanta, the Asian population
increased 77% to 81,289 since 2000 and now makes up 14% of the population.

In December 2005, Gwinnett rezoned certain areas along major roads to allow
25-story residential buildings. Within six months, three developers had proposed
towers along Interstate 85, Dunham-Jones says.

One proposal envisioned 10 glass high-rises towering above stores, restaurants
and townhouses on 36 acres. That plan was eventually scrapped, but several are
still in the pipeline, awaiting financing. The county is aggressively pursuing
Asian investors.

Paul Bai is Taiwanese-American and the executive vice president of Asian Village
Atlanta, a 184-acre project that includes a Chinese classical garden and
sections representing other Asian cultures to let people "experience Asia
without a passport."

It might transform the city of Norcross in Gwinnett County because of high-rise
hotels and apartments that would surround the museums, concert halls and
pavilions at the core. "We started out as a railroad town," Norcross Mayor Bucky
Johnson says. "We were basically the country."

Norcross may be more city than country today but still, "the tallest building in
Norcross ... is three stories, four stories at the most," he says.

Gwinnett's 2030 plan, which embraces high density and tall buildings along
certain corridors, will change that. "Traditional suburban growth is not the
focus," says Nick Masino, vice president of economic development at the Gwinnett
Chamber of Commerce. "It didn't work."

Masino recently went on a business recruitment mission to China and Korea with
local government and business officials. Local brokers are encouraging Asian
investors to take advantage of visas the U.S. gives to foreign investors to
allow them to live here. Many are lured by the prospect of a U.S. education for
their children.

Looking for capital

"Gwinnett County is making a sophisticated judgment that whatever they're
offering will resonate with offshore investors," says Stephen Blank of the Urban
Land Institute, a non-profit group that promotes innovative development.
"Clearly, there's surplus capital in Asia."

The shift from traditional suburbs to more citified places is fueled by the push
for land and energy conservation. In Irving, Texas, the prospect of a light-rail
line connecting Dallas, Irving and the airport is encouraging urbanized
development. High-rise apartments and offices are in the works, says Gary
Miller, planning and inspections director.

"The new investment is up, not out," says Robert Lang, co-director of the
Metropolitan Institute at Virginia Tech. "You have a willingness to live in
high-rises and a comfort in investing in high-rises. We're going to make our
suburbs little Hong Kongs" -- referring to the skyscraper skyline of the Chinese
island.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday

Law Enforcement (May 13)

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 487 words


Sheriff's Office

The following information was obtained from the Luna County Sheriff's Office.

DWI - Florencio Lucero, 60, of Deming, was arrested for driving under the
influence.

DWI - Alyssa Martinez, 18, of Deming, was arrested for driving under the
influence.

DWI - Netzahualcoyoti Madrid, 35, of Deming, was arrested for aggravated driving
under the influence.

DWI - Miguel Pacheco, 58, of Deming, was arrested for aggravated driving under
the influence.

Warrant - Jose Nevarez, 23, of Deming, was arrested on a magistrate court
warrant for failure to appear.

Warrant - Joe Baeza, 52, of Deming, was arrested on a district court warrant for
probation violation.

License - Ezequiel Murrieta, 24, of Deming, was arrested for driving with a
suspended license.

Warrant - Terrence Beck, 25, of Deming, was arrested on a municipal court
warrant for failure to pay fines.

Larceny - A Ford tractor, tan with red frame, was taken from the 4400 block of
Coyote Road.

Police Department

The following information was obtained from the Deming Police Department.

DWI - Jeremy Fry, 29, of Deming, was arrested for driving under the influence.

DWI - Leobardo Solis, 22, of Deming, was arrested for aggravated driving under
the influence.

Assault - Albert Padilla, 57, of Deming, was arrested for assault on a household
member, false Imprisonment and interference with communications.

Battery - Jimmy Perez, 21, of Deming, was arrested for battery on a household
member.

Battery - Jesus Altamirano, 48, of Deming, was arrested for battery on a
household member.

Reckless - Anna Tobin, 61, of Deming, was arrested for reckless driving with
liquor, drunkenness and interference with officers.

Warrant - Jesus Figueroa, 51, of Deming, was arrested on a municipal court
warrant for failure to pay fines.

Warrant - Manuel Castillo, 22, of Deming, was arrested on a municipal court
warrant for failure to appear.

Warrant - Arturo Lerma, 27, of Deming, was arrested on a municipal court warrant
for failure to pay fines.

Fraud - A resident reports contact from a collection agency seeking $16,400,
charged to a credit card. The resident says charges were unauthorized.

Burglary - A 24-inch television was taken from the 200 block of East Olive
Street. Loss is set at $750.

State Police

The following information was obtained from the New Mexico State Police.

Warrant - Zhao Meng , 40, of Walnut Creek, Calif., was arrested on a Quay County
warrant for failure to appear.

Warrant - Natasha Ellis, 33, of Deming, was arrested on a municipal court
warrant for failure to pay fines.

License - Orlando Salaiz, 25, of Deming, was arrested for driving with a
suspended license.

Detention Center

The following information was obtained from the Luna County Detention Center.

Warrant - Santos Gonzales, 20, of Los Lunas, was arrested on a district court
warrant for failure to appear.

If you have information on any crime, call Crime Stoppers, at (575) 546-7800.
Callers remain anonymous.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           September 26, 2005 Monday

IN COURT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 776 words


McLean County

BLOOMINGTON -- The following people have been sentenced in McLean County Circuit
Court for DUI offenses. Unless otherwise noted, the offense involved alcohol.

David W. Alden, 24, of Yotzonot Drive, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500
and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence
of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Antoinette P. Dsouza, 29, of the 800 block of South University Street, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Tricia J. Fishel, 24, of the 1400 block of South Roosevelt Avenue, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Russell Cole Jenkins, 23, LeRoy, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to
two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Jimmy F. Cureton, 35, of the 800 block of South University Street, Normal, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Johnna E. Quiram, 30, Downs, fined $300, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Jacob Ryan Jones, 20, Mount Zion, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to
two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

James Edward Szczecinski, 22, Naperville, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Rachel R. Cardozo, 24, of the 800 block of East Wood Street, Bloomington, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol; and fined $120 and sentenced to
concurrent six months of court supervision for operating an uninsured motor
vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment.

The Pantagraph values accuracy. If you see something that is inaccurate, report
it to the editor of the section. All corrections will run in this space, except
Sundays. If you are not sure whom to call, contact Editor Terry Greenberg at
(309) 820-3230 or tgreenberg@pantagraph.com or Managing Editor Mark Pickering at
(309) 820-3252 or mpickering@pantagraph.com.

Munkhbat Khangal, 39, Des Moines, Iowa, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol; and fined $120 and sentenced to concurrent six months of court
supervision for operating an uninsured motor vehicle. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Gregory Mitchell Hanzel, 36, of the 300 block of Hazel Street, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol; and conviction for disobeying a traffic
control device. Must complete recommended treatment.

Sheri D. Hibler, 28, of the 2200 block of Todd Drive, Bloomington, fined $600,
DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving
under the influence of alcohol; and conviction for illegal transportation of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Scott R. Church, 32, of the 1200 block of Searle Drive, Normal, fined $600, DUI
fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under
the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Brandon Lee Underwood, 26, of the 600 block of West Front Street, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Zachary Edward Malone, 18, Kempton, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol;
and fined $100 and sentenced to concurrent one year of court supervision for
illegal transportation of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Jacob Scott Clifford, 26, Heyworth, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Christopher J. Loftus, 26, of the 600 block of East Chestnut Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Journal ranks Sensory Analysis Center top in research publications worldwide

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   When it comes to sensory research influence, Kansas State University's
Sensory Analysis Center is tops in the world according to the first-ever ranking
of institutions by the Journal of Sensory Studies.





 Rankings were based on a combination of research articles published and number
of citations from 2009 to 2015.



 Edgar Chambers IV, university distinguished professor and director of the
center, was ranked No. 1 in list of 784 individuals worldwide for sensory
research influence. Delores Chambers, professor and co-director of the center,
ranked No. 5.



 "We are especially proud that Kadri Koppel, our newest assistant professor who
has only been with us for three years, ranked No. 40," Edgar Chambers said.



 Kansas State University's influence score was almost double the No. 2
institution, North Carolina State, and triple that of the University of
California, Davis, which ranked No. 4.



 "The Sensory Analysis Center is an integral part of the teaching and research
mission of the College of Human Ecology," said John Buckwalter, dean. "For
example, the College of Human Ecology's research and scholarship focus on health
and human behavior is exemplified by the Sensory Analysis Center's work related
to consumer behavior and food safety. As international leaders in conducting
important, high-impact research, the sensory analysis program educates graduate
students for leading sensory roles in business and industry as well as
academia."



 "We are proud of the entire team, and especially Dr. Edgar Chambers, for
succeeding well above their peers in research publications," said Mark Haub,
head of the human nutrition department. The center is part of the department in
the College of Human Ecology.



 For nearly 30 years, the Sensory Analysis Center has conducted sensory and
consumer research all over the world, serving clients and investigating
scientific understand in the field. Academic research encompasses food science,
marketing and psychology.



 Published by Wiley, the international, multidisciplinary Journal of Sensory
Studies promotes technical and practical advancements in sensory science. The
journal keeps statistics so it can track key authors and institutions.



 Kansas State University's College of Human Ecology offers Master of Science and
doctoral degrees that specialize in sensory analysis and consumer behavior.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Mercury News editorial: FPPC's Ann Ravel is fighting for voters' right to know

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 494 words


The whopping $11 million paid by shadowy Phoenix donors to influence California
voters on Propositions 30 and 32 embodies everything that's wrong with campaign
financing today.

Californians need sunshine on their elections. If we can't limit what people and
groups spend to influence us, we at least need to know who's doing the spending.
Instead we're getting a massive advertising campaign by unknown megarich people
trying to defeat Gov. Jerry Brown's sales tax proposal and to pass Prop. 32 to
cripple labor unions. And if the latest polls are right, it may be working.

Fair Political Practices Commission Chairwoman Ann Ravel is fighting for voters'
right to know. The former Santa Clara County counsel has demanded immediate and
complete disclosure of who has bankrolled the Arizona business committee so that
the FPPC can tell whether the $11 million expenditure was legal under state law.

Unfortunately, Sacramento County Superior Court did not issue an order at
Thursday's preliminary hearing on Ravel's request. It set a full hearing for
Tuesday. But every day's delay means thousands more Californians will vote by
mail before they get the information.

The Phoenix nonprofit, Americans for Responsible Leadership, says it has the
right to collect anonymous donations. Think about the implications of that
position. The $11 million is believed to be the largest undisclosed donation to
a California campaign in history. If the courts let it stand, anonymous giving
will become the rule. It's a lot easier for fat cats to bankroll campaigns that
serve their interests when they know they can stay anonymous.

Reforms to limit campaign spending in various ways have failed to rein in the
power of special interests. There's always a way to get around them. But voters
at least have the information they need to judge the honesty of ads if they know
who paid for them. While other reforms have been controversial, few argue
against simple disclosure rules.

In June, the Center for Investigative Reporting's California Watch revealed that
over the past 11 years, the top 50 individual donors and the top 50 group
contributors combined spent $12.5 billion to sway California lawmakers and
voters. More than 80 percent of that was spent on ballot measure campaigns. This
fortune spent by an infinitesimal percentage of California's population
represented about a third of the total political contributions for that period.

We know this only because contributions had to be reported. If a nonprofit in
Arizona is exempt from the requirement -- well, expect a spike in politically
active nonprofits outside California borders.

"When an outside-of-California group that has never spent any money on campaigns
in California makes an anonymous $11 million contribution to a campaign in
California, it raises a question," Ravel said Thursday. It sure does. The courts
need to force the Arizona group to give information about its donations to the
FPPC. And time is of the essence.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ann Ravel, the new chairwoman of the California Fair Political
Practices Commission, discusses the increasing partisanship of judicial
elections during an interview with The Associated Press in Sacramento, Calif.,
Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2011. Ravel, who was appointed to the position by Gov. Jerry
Brown in February, said she is concerned about the potential influence of
contributions to judicial campaigns and that the commission plans to begin
posting information about political donations to judges on it's web site next
year.(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bucs' Wright arrested for felony DUI

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 284 words


High-profile signee faces charge after accident in L.A.

From staff reports

Eric Wright, one of three high-profile free agent signings by the Buccaneers
this spring, was arrested on suspicion of felony driving under the influence
early Monday, Los Angeles Police Department spokesman Bruce Borihanh said.

Wright, a 5-foot-10, 190-pound cornerback, was driving a Mercedes SLS luxury
sports coupe when he rear-ended the driver of a Chevy Silverado pickup at around
12:20 a.m. Monday in downtown Los Angeles near the Staples Center.

When police officers responded to the scene of the crash, they saw symptoms that
made it appear Wright was under the influence, Borihanh said. Wright told
officers he had been drinking alcohol.

He refused a field sobriety test and a field Breathalyzer test. The driver of
the Chevy Silverado complained of pain after the crash but refused medical
treatment.

Wright was charged with felony driving under the influence and transported to
the LAPD's downtown Metropolitan Detention Center with bail set at $100,000,
Borihanh said. He was released at 1:34 p.m. according to the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's department website. He is scheduled in court July 23.

"We are aware of the arrest and are in the process of gathering information,''
Bucs director of communications Jonathan Grella said in a statement. "We take
such matters very seriously and will handle it appropriately.''

Wright, 26, signed a contract with the Bucs in March worth $37.5 million after
playing previously for the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns.

Reporter Jose Patino Girona contributed to this report.

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 16, 2011 Friday
                                 CHASE EDITION

Gingrich under fire as GOP field debates;
Front-runner fends off attacks on electability and conservatism

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 783 words


Former House speaker Newt Gingrich, the latest front-runner in a roller-coaster
Republican presidential race, was hammered  Thursday in the final debate before
the Iowa caucuses as rivals sought to slow his momentum.

National and statewide surveys signaled that the attacks on Gingrich for policy
switches and personal behavior were beginning to take a toll.

From the opening question in the season's 13th GOP debate, less than three weeks
before the caucuses will be held, the former Georgia congressman was forced to
defend his $1.6 million consulting contract with Freddie Mac, his record as a
conservative and his electability.

He likened himself to Ronald Reagan in the 1980 campaign, noting Reagan
initially trailed incumbent Jimmy Carter by a wide margin in late 1979. But he
was nominated and elected because Republican voters decided "he believes what
he's talking about, he has big solutions, he can get the economy growing, he
understands foreign policy, and he's the person I want to have debate Jimmy
Carter."

He dismissed the criticism from rivals that he wasn't a lifelong conservative as
"laughable" and said Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann's criticisms about his work
as an "influence peddler" for the quasi-public mortgage lender were "just not
true," noting that he never lobbied for it or other clients.

Bachmann didn't back down.

"It's the fact that we know he cashed paychecks from Freddie Mac; that's the
best evidence you can have" of influence peddling, she said. She said she was
working to push Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae into bankruptcy while Gingrich "had
his hand out and was taking $1.6 million to influence senior Republicans to keep
the scam going in Washington, D.C."

Meanwhile, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney was able to remain largely
above the fray in the debate, hosted by Fox News, at least in the debate's first
90 minutes. He didn't repeat comments he made Wednesday in interviews calling
Gingrich "zany" and "unreliable." Instead, he defended his record as a
businessman who invested in companies, some of which thrived and others failed.

He said he was prepared to answer anticipated attacks from President Obama in
debates in the general election. Not all businesses succeed, Romney said, and he
knows that from experience. Obama doesn't, he said.

"In the real world, some things don't make it," Romney said.

He said he would counter by asking Obama why some GM plants were closed in 2009
as part of the restructuring of the auto industry -- noting that some things had
to close so the company as a whole could survive. That was what he did in
business, he said.

And Texas Rep. Ron Paul, the libertarian who has one of the most extensive
ground operations and fervent base of supporters, defended himself as an
electable candidate, saying  that Obama was so weak that any of the contenders
on stage could win next November.

Paul said he represented the Constitution and freedom, adding, "I see this
philosophy as being very electable."

Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who seemed more confident and sure-footed than in
previous debates. He likened himself to Denver Broncos star quarterback Tim
Tebow, who was initially panned in the NFL.

"I hope I am the Tim Tebow of the Iowa caucuses," he said.

From the start, Gingrich has depended on confident, professorial performances in
the debates to compensate for a shoestring budget and limited campaign
organization, but he had to walk a difficult line Thursday, parrying attacks
without seeming defensive or returning fire in kind. After a race that has seen
seven candidates or potential candidates in the lead this year, the question is
whether he could hold on to his surge in support more effectively than his
predecessors.

There were signs of some erosion in his support here  and nationwide.

In three Iowa polls taken at the beginning of this month, Gingrich's support
ranged from 30% to 33%. Three surveys in the past week put his backing a bit
lower, at 20% to 27%, with Romney leading in one of the polls. Paul was the only
other contender in double digits.

Gallup's daily national survey Thursday put Gingrich on top at 29%, down from
last week's high of 37%. Romney was second at 24% and Paul third at 10%.

The candidates mired in single digits also hoped to break through. Former Utah
governor Jon Huntsman, who has focused his campaign in New Hampshire, defended
his decision not to sign a pledge promising not to raise taxes. "I'm not going
to sign those silly pledges," he said.

And former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum, asked about his failure to rise
in the polls despite his extensive campaigning in Iowa, replied, "I'm counting
on the people of Iowa to catch fire for me."

Page reported from Washington.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo By Eric Gay, AP Final debate before Iowa caucuses: Republican
presidential candidates from left, Rick Santorum, Rick Perry, Mitt Romney, Newt
Gingrich, Ron Paul, Michele Bachmann, and Jon Huntsman arrive for a debate in
Sioux City, Iowa.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: POLITICS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           August 25, 2010 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1092 words


<b>POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF</b>

Richard Coons, San Diego, Calif., reported Sunday the $400 theft of clothing and
luggage from a home on the 9400 block of East Scout Trail Road in Athol.

Justin McLane, Coeur d'Alene, reported Sunday the $150 theft of a solar panel
and $150 damage to wiring of a display in a building at the Kootenai County
Fairgrounds, 4056 N. Government Way.

<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE EUGENE MARANO</b>

Jacob B. Phillips, 20, Hayden; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (165 days suspended), 180 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Patrick T. Shearer, 21, Rathdrum; driving without privileges; $152 fine, 180
days in jail (150 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

<b> JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER</b>

Ginger L. Rivera, 50, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges (second
offense); $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), one year probation (325 suspended) or
160 hours county work program, one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Darin B. Bautista, 42, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years
probation.

Lindsey P. Gill, 24, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (135 days suspended) or 15 days county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time,180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jay R. Kazuma, 37, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (138 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Taren A. Lacroix, 22, Spokane; driving under the influence (second offense);
$1,000 fine, one year in jail (325 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

Aaron M. Urbina, 25, Coeur d'Alene; battery; 180 days in jail.

Renaye M. Rowe, 57, Coeur d'Alene; battery-domestic violence without traumatic
injury against household member; $300 fine, 180 days in jail (175 days
suspended), two years probation.

Steven D. Payne, 20, Coeur d'Alene; possession/consumption/ purchase of alcohol
by a minor; $700 fine, 30 days in jail (30 days suspended), two years probation.

Nicholas F. Lewis, 26, Elk; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Brandon J. Liman-Heberer, 25, Spokane; invalid driver's license; $150 fine, five
days in jail.

James L. Smothers, 35, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($250 suspended) or sixteen days county work program, two years probation.

Johnny W. Phelps, 51, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence; $1,00 fie ($250
suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

<b>JUDGE CLARK PETERSON</b>

Del E. Taskey, 50, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 23 days in jail
(credited).

<b>JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON</b>

Jerry L. Olin, 39, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: felony sexual abuse of a child under
age 16; 10 years determinate penitentiary time (time credited), 10 years
indeterminate penitentiary time. Count II: felony sexual abuse of a child under
age 16; 10 years determinate penitentiary time (time credited), 10 years
indeterminate penitentiary time. Count III: sexual abuse of a child under age
16; 10 years determinate penitentiary time (time credited), 10 years
indeterminate penitentiary time, $300 fine, $300 reimbursement for defense and
prosecution. Counts concurrent.

<b>JUDGE BARRY WATSON</b>

Jeremy M. Montang, 23, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (168 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jason D. Sanford, 30, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jonathan P. Davis, 23, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 18 days
in jail (credited).

<b>JUDGE ROBERT CALDWELL</b>

Lisa R. Jackson, 40, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense); $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), one year in jail (211 days suspended,
124 days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

<b>CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

Timothy Garb v. Michelle Gilbertson and Gary Gilbertson, dba Winning Inc., or
Mountain Power Sports, or Euro Tunz, seeking $1,640.

Shoshone Adjustment Bureau v. Lauren Gustavson, seeking an amount to be proved
at trial.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. James Valentine, seeking $1,696.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Eric Kiser, dba Hidden Valley Landscape, seeking
$1,354.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Robi Thorsness, seeking $1,472.

North Idaho Credit Corp v. Hendrick Tenty and Deborah Tenty, seeking $1,300.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Joseph Roope Jr. and Suzie Roope, seeking $2,312.

Mountain West Bank v. Hollywood Chicken Caf? LLC, Sallie Palleria, aka Sallie
Bradshaw, John Palleria and Kimberly Bradshaw, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Eric Hopkins, seeking $7,304.

Linda Felsing Living Trust v. Robin Hutchins, seeking $5,000.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Desirie Saunders, aka Desirie Robles, seeking
$10,484.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Katie Thompson, seeking $1,567.

Capital One Bank v. Jefferey Moore, and Anywhere Mobile RV, seeking $2,099.

Gentry Finance v. Nicole Galik, seeking $1,082.

<b>CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

Merchants Acceptance Corp v. Chris Benboe, plaintiff awarded $3,093.

Capital One Bank v. Terry Hines, plaintiff awarded $2,792.

Capital One Bank v. Ben Browne, plaintiff awarded $4,519.

Capital One Bank v. Donald Matheson, plaintiff awarded $3,805.

Merchants Acceptance Corp. v. Jerry and Jessica Nelson, plaintiff awarded
$2,536.

Xpress Collectors Agency LLC v. Herbert Gwin, plaintiff awarded $24,805.

Capital One Bank v. Ashley Tyacke, plaintiff awarded $5,242.

<b>CIVIL DISMISSALS</b>

North Star Capital Acquisition LLC v. Jody Hall.

<b>DIVORCES SOUGHT</b>

Jared M. Wells from Laci R. Wells.

Jonathan T. Taylor from Dannette S. Taylor.

Jera L. Barley from Jack L. Barley.

Steven H. Cox from Tammie M. Cox.

Kyle C. McCormick from Julie A. McCormick.

Kodianne L. Stephens from Jeremiah L. Stephens.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 28, 2010 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Digest

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: 0


Lakers' Jackson says health will influence return

Seeing Denver Nuggets coach George Karl sidelined last season with cancer will
influence Phil Jackson's decision on whether to return as coach of the Los
Angeles Lakers, the legendary coach said Sunday.

Jackson, 64, told reporters after a speech to the Western Governors' Association
in Whitefish, Mont., that he's waiting to hear from doctors on whether he's
healthy enough to make it through another 82-game regular season. He said he
wouldn't want to leave his squad without a coach in the middle of the season, as
Karl was forced to do earlier this year while undergoing chemotherapy and
radiation for throat and neck cancer.

Jackson has two replaced hips, a sore knee requiring a brace under his suit
during the season and a previous heart problem.

He's one of the most successful coaches in league history with a .705
regular-season winning percentage, a record 225 postseason victories and 11
championships. His Lakers defeated the Boston Celtics in Game 7 of the NBA
finals last week to claim their second consecutive title, (AP)

Lions president accused of drunken driving - Detroit Lions President Tom Lewand
is apologizing after he was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving while at a
charity golf tournament in northern Michigan. Lewand said in a statement that he
is "deeply sorry" for his actions and takes full responsibility.

Team spokesman Matt Barnhart confirmed Sunday that Lewand was arrested and
released Friday night. Lewand was attending a charity golf event in Houghton
Lake, about 150 miles northwest of Detroit, when he was arrested.

Without providing details, Lewand says in his statement he's "a person in active
recovery" and "committed to taking all necessary steps to ensure nothing like
this ever happens again." (AP)

Police say UCLA players are charged with stealing purse - University police on
Sunday said three incoming UCLA football players arrested last week face felony
theft charges for allegedly stealing a student's purse.

Sgt. Paul Stewart said the victim called police to the dining area of a
dormitory, where she found her bag missing from a storage locker Wednesday.
After an investigation, three freshmen enrolled in the school's summer session
were taken into custody.

Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department records show Joshua Shirley, Shaquille
Richardson and Paul Richardson, all 18, were booked at a county jail and
released early Thursday morning.

Paul Richardson and Shaquille Richardson were released on $20,000 bail, and
Shirley was released without bail. (AP)

UCLA, S. Carolina ready to face off in CWS - UCLA has won a nation-leading 106
NCAA championships in 17 sports. Not one of them is in baseball - yet.

The Bruins' chance has arrived, against South Carolina, in the best-of-three
College World Series finals starting tonight in Omaha, Neb.

The Bruins are in the finals a year after finishing 27-29 and not making the
64-team NCAA Tournament.

They've ridden the strong pitching of starters Gerrit Cole, Trevor Bauer and Rob
Rasmussen.

South Carolina reached the CWS championship game in 1975, 1977 and 2002 and lost
each time. The Gamecocks survived four elimination games to make it to the
finals.

UCLA will start Cole (11-3) in Game 1. South Carolina coach Ray Tanner didn't
announce a starter. He's deciding among Blake Cooper (12-2), Tyler Webb (3-2)
and Jay Brown (3-0). (AP)

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      March 25, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

A'S MOVE TO SANTA CLARA COUNTY HINGES ON ... WHAT ELSE?;
IF TEAM OFFICIALS CAN PROVE THE RELOCATION COULD GENERATE REVENUE FOR THE
LEAGUE, GIANTS COULD LOSE THEIR TERRITORIAL RIGHTS

BYLINE: David Holbrook Times Staff Writer

SECTION: CONTRA COSTA; Pg. A27

LENGTH: 903 words


OAKLAND A complex blend of money, influence and major league politics will
determine whether the Oakland A's can take over the Silicon Valley turf claimed
by the San Francisco Giants, according to industry experts and baseball
executives.

Sources close to the A's said the team already has the required three-quarters
of Major League Baseball's team owners on board to move to a site near Great
America amusement park. But that approval is conditioned on whether baseball
Commissioner Bud Selig recommends revoking the Giants' rights to Santa Clara
County, awarded the team when it was trying to move to the South Bay a decade
ago.

"As of today, I haven't convinced him," A's co-owner Steve Schott told the Santa
Clara City Council on Tuesday, adding he still has "the commissioner's ear."

The Giants have the other ear of the powerful commissioner, and they're arguing
they would have moved to Florida and never built Pac Bell Park without the
rights to the Bay Area's wealthiest and most populous county.

The debate is certain to grow louder after the Santa Clara City Council's
decision last week to give the A's six months to seek baseball's approval to
move south.

Santa Clara has its own issues to resolve before welcoming the team, but the
most significant barrier is the Giants' exclusive claim to the South Bay market.

The teams' competing arguments are being made behind the closed doors of Major
League Baseball, where influence is rooted in an owner's power and the strength
of his alliances, said Mark Rosentraub, dean of the college of urban affairs at
Cleveland State University and author of a book about stadium politics.

"The voting that goes on in Major League Baseball is among a small group of
owners, each of whom has his own issues and wants to build up a level of support
from other owners," Rosentraub said.

Most observers believe it's a tossup as to who has more influence with Selig and
the owners. No one characterizes Schott or Giants managing partner Peter Magowan
as heavyweight insiders who wield major influence in the league.

"Magowan is probably better liked, but neither of them has a lot more influence
than the other," said one baseball executive, who asked not to be identified.

Forced to listen to competing arguments from warring owners, Selig might turn to
another factor to help him decide the territorial issue: money. According to
Schott's comments to the Santa Clara City Council, the league has prepared
relocation studies for at least four markets: Las Vegas, Sacramento, Portland
and Santa Clara County.

The studies follow a report the league released last year that offered
relocation as an option for financially struggling teams. That's likely to be a
favorable remedy, particularly among the league's wealthier franchises, to
greater revenue sharing or a salary cap.

It is no surprise the league is studying the economic viability of the Las
Vegas, Sacramento and Portland markets, which have angled for a major league
franchise for years. But the fact that the league is also studying Santa Clara
shows it is at least weighing the impact of relocating a team into Giants turf.

Schott said he was told the studies show Santa Clara ranks as one of the best
markets in the nation for a new franchise.

"Our future does not lie in Oakland," he told reporters after the Santa Clara
council meeting. "Santa Clara is a much more viable market."

By its own figures, only 9 percent of the Giants' season-ticket holders last
year provided Santa Clara County addresses. It's unknown whether the league's
study measured the impact of a Santa Clara team on the Giants' fan base,
corporate sponsorship or broadcast deals.

"There has to be a huge, additional amount of revenue Major League Baseball can
get by relocating into an area; only then would they override a team on
territorial rights," said Rodney Fort, a sports economist at Washington State
University. "Perhaps the A's move, and a compensation arrangement can be worked
out with the Giants."

The fight over territorial rights so far has remained within the league, and
most sports law experts believe the A's and the Giants will refrain from taking
the issue to court.

Unlike other professional sports, the business of baseball is played free from
the constraints of antitrust regulations, and a court ruling on territorial
rights could threaten the league's exemption.

A baseball owner who raises the antitrust issue in court must be prepared to
become Major League Baseball's equivalent of Oakland Raiders' boss Al Davis. The
renegade football owner won a U.S. Supreme Court decision on antitrust grounds
that allowed him to move his team from Oakland to Los Angeles in the early
1980s.

"If there is enough money at stake, you might see a lawsuit," said Matt Mitten,
a law professor and director of the National Sports Law Institute at Marquette
University. "But I don't see anyone in baseball wanting to become the next Al
Davis. You're ostracized."

Asked at the Santa Clara City Council meeting whether he would be willing to sue
over territorial rights, Schott said he prefers to settle the matter within the
league, "like gentlemen."

Giants executives have refused to comment on the issue since Schott went public
this month with his Santa Clara wishes.

David Holbrook covers sports business and Alameda County. Reach him at
510-763-8045 or dholbrook@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Letter: Join effort against influence of big money in politics

BYLINE: The Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 322 words


Join effort against influence of big money

To the editor:

The 2016 election will be most expensive, money-dominated and voter
suppression-marred contest in modern American history.

The vast majority of the electorate agrees that money has far too big an
influence in politics. Yet, most lawmakers have to start raising funds to get
re-elected as soon as they come into office, and no legislation that addresses
this issue is moving forward. American democracy is fast turning into, or has
already become, a plutocracy, where the influence of a few wealthy people and
companies is deciding, which issues are getting attention and which laws are
being passed, crushing hopes for progress on climate change, economic
inequality, mass incarceration, and more. Our planet and people simply cannot
afford that.

This is why I am so heartened by the initiative "Democracy Spring," a week-long
march from the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia to Washington D.C. When the marchers
arrive at the Capitol on April 11 they will be joined by thousands who've come
from across the country. Beneath the dome of the rotunda, on the steps outside
the Capitol, and in the offices of our congressional representatives, we will
engage in peaceful civil disobedience for at least a week. Day after day.

Before setting out, we will ask Congress to take immediate action to end big
money in politics and make the 2016 elections free and fair for all people as
equal citizens, or be prepared to send thousands of patriotic Americans to jail
simply for demanding an equal voice.

With leaders like Lawrence Lessig, Zephyr Teachout, Cenk Uygur, and Mark Ruffalo
already pledged to risk arrest and over 70 organizations signed on to help, we
can create a watershed moment in America that will force this issue into the
spotlight and make the election a referendum on whether our democracy should
belong to the People as a whole or to the wealthy alone. Join us!

Uli Nagel, Lee

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                           January 15, 2005 Saturday

Elvis is alive and well - in Maine

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 647  words


I didn't get all shook up over Elvis Presley's 70th birthday celebrations. I'd
barely recovered from the 69th and, furthermore, the birthday boy hasn't shown
up at one of these shindigs since 1977.

That leads some conspiracy theorists to believe he's dead, but merely confirms
for us grounded types that he's living on an island just outside Boothbay
Harbor, Me.

And if it's of any help to you Elvis hunters, I can tell you that, based on a
computer-generated portrait of the man at 70 produced at the University of St.
Andrew's, he bears a striking resemblance to a cross between William Shatner and
Richard Nixon.

Major influence on my life

Fact is, Elvis was a major influence in my life. Kids who lived through the
overnight musical transition from Patti Page's Doggie In the Window to Presley's
Hound Dog became howling mad about rock 'n' roll.

The very mention of Elvis's name is enough to unlock the music trivia
compartment of that marvellously erratic instrument I abashedly refer to as my
mind. But The Pelvis wasn't my first musical influence. That was the South
Shore's Hank Snow, who - go figure - would end up playing on the same stage as
an unknown Elvis Presley at the Grand Ole Opry and the Louisiana Hayride and,
for a brief time, would share the same manager, the estimable Col. Tom Parker.

And as Presley's career was reaching its peak, circa 1960, teens in the
Annapolis Valley were listening on local radio to a record - memory tells me the
name of the song was Don't Step On My Ducktail - by another young fellow with
South Shore roots, Dutch Mason.

Which brings me to the great State of Mississippi, at least figuratively,
although I seem to recall being there once, literally.

They've taken a lot of music out of Mississippi over the years. But I shudder to
think what would have happened if they'd taken the Mississippians out of music.

Hank Snow might never have uttered a yodel if it hadn't been for the influence
of Jimmie Rodgers, the legendary Singing Brakeman whose 1928 rendition of Blue
Yodel remains one of the classics of country music. Rodgers, after whom Hank
named his son, was born in Meridian, Miss.

Dutchy Mason's musical career was certainly influenced early on by blues great
Bo Diddley, from McComb, Miss. Dutch, now a blues legend in his own right, would
go on to play with most of the giants of the genre, including my man John Lee
Hooker and everybody's man, B.B. King. It was the latter who labelled Dutch "the
prime minister of the blues."

And if you've had the pleasure of hearing Dutch's son, Garrett, perform, or
you've been smart enough to pick up his debut CD, I'm Just A Man, you know that
the Mason dynasty is in good hands - good blues guitar-pickin' hands.

Then there are the two greatest musical Mississippians of them all. Elvis was
born in Tupelo just three years before the death of Robert Johnson, a native of
Hazlehurst, whose name, perhaps more than any artist, is synonymous with the
blues.

I'm easily intrigued

It's always intrigued me - and we all know I'm easily intrigued - that Presley,
the king of rock, and Johnson, the king of the blues, both died on August 16,
albeit many years apart. Johnson is said to have been poisoned by a jealous
husband, and apparently it could have been one of any number of jealous
husbands. Elvis, if he is in fact dead, succumbed to an accidental drug
overdose, and apparently it could have been any one or any number of drugs.

Or so they say.

I smell conspiracies all over the place. And I'm sure my friend Roy Springett,
who has done his best to further my appreciation of the blues and who is a
grassy knoll guy from way back, would enthusiastically agree.

But conspiracies and intrigues aside, it's pretty hard to turn down any musical
road without finding yourself in Mississippi.

campy@auracom.com

Max Keddy has been rocked by the winter blues. He lives, musically depreciating,
outside Windsor.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

commentary;
How Dixie rules the GOP

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 682 words


MADISON, Wisconsin -- The Super Tuesday primaries underscore how super Southern
our presidential nominating process has become. This makes our way of picking
standard-bearers unrepresentative of the country as a whole. In particular, it
sharply reduces the influence of the great American Midwest even though the
region's states are among the most important general-election battlegrounds.

Southernization is a special problem for Republicans because their Southern
supporters tend to be far more socially conservative than the rest of the party
or the country. Southern politics is also more deeply polarized around race. The
GOP's slide rightward creates electoral difficulties for it in presidential
elections and is the central factor in Washington's inability to find consensus
on much of anything.

True, the whole carnival starts in Iowa, which is as Midwestern as you can get.
But the caucus system gives more conservative Iowa Republicans an outsized
influence because white evangelicals play a disproportionate role in what is a
relatively low-turnout contest.

New Hampshire comes next, and its voters frequently reach verdicts at odds with
those Iowa renders. This means that South Carolina often plays a tie-breaking
role on the GOP side. Talk about shifting the dialogue right: The site of the
opening skirmish of the Civil War is not only one of the most conservative
states in the nation; it is also one of our most racially divided polities.

All of 1 percent of this year's Palmetto State Republican primary voters were
African-American, according to the network exit poll. Some 96 percent were
white.

The matter of diversity is why the Southernized process is less problematic for
Democrats. Having the South vote early gives the party's large and loyal
African-American constituency a significant role in choosing a nominee. In
Hillary Clinton's sweep of Saturday's South Carolina primary, black voters cast
about 60 percent of the ballots and gave her a margin of roughly 6-to-1 over
Bernie Sanders, according to exit polls reported by ABC.

Pushing Nevada's voting dates up has diversified the calendar a bit, but now we
confront Super Tuesday. It includes primaries in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Yes, this Southern-fried mix is
leavened by primaries in Massachusetts and Vermont, caucuses in Colorado and
Minnesota and, on the Republican side, a "preference poll" in Alaska.

Not until March 8 does a big Midwestern state (Michigan) vote, and not until
March 15 do Illinois and Ohio weigh in. Wisconsin doesn't hold its primary until
April 5, and Indiana will not be casting its ballots until May 3.

Republican honchos may have presided over a party that "brought to life" and
"fed" the "Frankenstein monster" they see in Donald Trump, as Robert Kagan wrote
in The Washington Post recently. The feckless establishmentarians now have the
temerity to tell Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he should do his part in their
belated anti-Trump operation by dropping out in support of Florida Sen. Marco
Rubio -- even though Rubio has yet to win a single primary.

Kasich is saying no dice, and he is wholly right to insist that his own base be
heard from before he calls it a day. There's a strong case that Kasich is far
better prepared to be president than Rubio is, and that Kasich's more moderate
brand of conservatism has more appeal.

In any event, it's clear that if the GOP's powers-that-be forced Kasich out
before Michigan and Ohio voted, they would be confirming for all to see that
their party only has room for Southerners (Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz) or, in
the case of Trump, Northerners who speak the Republican South's language on
immigration, race and nationalism.

High-minded thinkers regularly bemoan the sharp polarization of American
politics and wring hands earnestly over why this has come to pass. One of the
principal causes is the Southernization of Abraham Lincoln's party, and our
primary process only makes it harder for those who would reverse the trend.

--Contact E.J. Dionne: ejdionne@washpost.com, twitter.com/EJDionne.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Senior Auditor II

LENGTH: 595  words


Washington, D.C.: American Bankers Association has issued the following news
release:


Senior Auditor II
Job ID:  21886915
Position Title:  Senior Auditor II
Company Name:  Bank of America
Location(s):  Charlotte, North Carolina, 28201, United States

Posted:  January 22, 2015
Job Function:  Other
Entry Level:  No
APPLY FOR THIS JOB
Apply URL:  http://careers.bankofamerica.com/job-detail/150000...
Save Job  Email Job  Print Job
Job Description

Job description

Must work from office in Charlotte, NC or 222 Broadway in NYC and no relocation
is provided.

Job Specific Description:

IT auditor who can independently execute assigned audit activities. Responsible
for multiple projects simultaneously. Utilizes sound, seasoned analytical skills
and possesses product, business, and technical expertise to execute assigned
responsibilities. Coordinates, schedules, scopes activities on audits. Leads
analysis of control deficiencies as well as expansion and refinement of
documentation for more complex control deficiencies to drive actionable business
impact, influences management on sufficiency of correctives actions, recommends
audit rating. Implements risk based audit strategy. Exercises judgment and
critical thinking to influence business partners. Identifies control trends in
assigned business areas as well as impact to the business and to the Bank
overall by applying deep and broad business acumen. Coaches/trains team in
execution of the audit.

General Description:

Independently executes assigned audit activities and supervises audit team.
Responsible for multiple projects simultaneously. Utilizes sound, seasoned
analytical skills and possesses product, business, and technical expertise to
execute assigned responsibilities. Coordinates, schedules, scopes and leads team
activities on audits (incl. large, cross-functional). Leads analysis of control
deficiencies as well as expansion and refinement of documentation for more
complex control deficiencies to drive actionable business impact, influences
management on sufficiency of correctives actions, recommends audit rating.
Implements risk based audit strategy. Exercises judgment and critical thinking
to influence business partners. Identifies control trends in assigned business
areas as well as impact to the business and to the Bank overall by applying deep
and broad business acumen. Coaches/trains team in execution of the audit.

Qualifications

Required Skills:

Bachelors degree
    Strong understanding of IT general controls and other IT controls as
indicated in COBIT
    Sound organizational, analytical, oral and written communication skills
    Ability to successfully communicate to influence management and lead change
in both strategic and tactical initiatives
    Self Starter, desire to learn able to teach others, high energy, positive
attitude, exhibits flexibility
    Audit, Risk or Compliance experience
    Strong analytical skills. Ability to analyze large amounts of data and turn
it into usable information
    Ability to work in a very detailed manner as well as to look broadly across
a population and develop connections and themes identifying risk and concerns
    Ability to juggle multiple work efforts and to quickly change direction, as
needed
    Proficiency in Microsoft Office Products
    Ability to converse with management on all levels
    Excellent written and oral communication skills, ability to converse with
management on all levels
    Ability and willingness to travel 15%


Desired Skills:

Advanced degree
    CISA Certification
    Strong presentation skills

Posting

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             April 15, 2013 Monday

Russia prevents US influence in Tajikistan, region - expert

LENGTH: 228 words


Text of report by website of state-run Iranian radio external service from
Mashhad on 13 April

A Tajik analyst believes that Russia is a serious obstacle for the USA to expand
its influence in Tajikistan.

The TopTJ.com website quoted Shafqat Qosimov as saying that despite
disagreements between Russia and Tajikistan, Dushanbe is greatly dependent on
Moscow from economic and military points of view. Because the presence of nearly
two million Tajik labour migrants in Russia and their contribution to the
economic development of their country are among these instances. However,
currently Russia is also the major factor for stopping the USA's influence on
Tajikistan from the political and security points of view as it will not allow
Washington to achieve its goals in Tajikistan.

According to the Tajik analyst's opinion, despite considerable assistance to
security and law-enforcement structures of Tajikistan, the USA is also forced to
take into account Russia's strategic interests in this country, because with the
signing of an agreement on extending the presence of its servicemen in the 201st
military base in Tajikistan, Russia gives a message to the USA and the West to
give up the idea of expanding their influence outside Afghanistan and especially
in Central Asia.

Source: Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran website, Mashhad, in Persian 0838
gmt 13 Apr 13

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Erie Broadway Series founder's influence extends across Northeast

BYLINE: Dave Richards, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


Jan. 12--Al Nocciolino, the founder of Erie's Broadway Series, earned a key
appointment in December.

He was elected as vice chairman of the road for the Broadway League, which
includes theater owners, producers, presenters, press agents, booking agents,
general managers, advertising agencies and industry specialists representing
shops for scenery, costumes and props.

Nocciolino founded NAC Entertainment in 1976. The company presents Broadway
touring shows in Erie, Scranton, and seven New York cities: Buffalo, Rochester,
Syracuse, Binghamton, Utica, Albany and Elmira.

Buffalo has become one of the country's most successful touring Broadway stops,
according to a recent New York Times article that profiled the series and
Nocciolino. Its 2011-12 season includes "The Lion King," "Million Dollar
Quartet," "The Addams Family," "Les Miserables," "South Pacific" and "Memphis."

"Few cities ... are as profitable as Buffalo, chiefly because of the huge and
loyal base of subscribers at Shea's, an 85-year-old theater designed by Louis
Comfort Tiffany that sits like a monument on the city's Main Street," the Times
reported.

"Buffalo has emerged as a major bellwether in commercial theater, which while
centered on Broadway, relies heavily on tours, which now gross more than $1
billion a year, or at least as much as Broadway itself."

Nocciolino also occasionally produces shows on Broadway, including most recently
"Driving Miss Daisy," with James Earl Jones and Vanessa Redgrave. He earned a
Tony Award in 1997 as a producer of best revival winner "Annie."

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120112-EI-Erie-Broadway-Series-founder-s-influence
-extends-across-Northeast-20120112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: from news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 504 words


WILLIAMS, CALIF.

Bus driver held in crash that killed 8, injured 35

The driver of a bus that crashed about 10 miles from the Colusa Casino, killing
eight passengers and injuring 35 others, has been arrested on suspicion of
driving under the influence, the California Highway Patrol said today.

The driver, Quintin Watts, 52, of Stockton, Calif., may have been under the
influence of prescription medication when the bus crashed at 6:10 p.m. Sunday,
Officer Robert Keys said. Watts was one of those hospitalized.

LOS ANGELES

Man, 45, kills his family then turns gun on himself

Los Angeles police say a father who was despondent over finances killed five
family members and himself over the weekend in an upscale home.

Deputy Chief Michel Moore says the other victims were the man's wife, three
children and mother-in-law. He says the shootings happened sometime after 6 p.m.
Saturday; the bodies were found Monday morning.

Their names have not been released. Police say the father, 45, was unemployed
and previously worked at an accounting firm and at Sony Pictures. He left two
suicide letters. The children were ages 19, 12 and 7.

MIAMI

Mother drops toddler to safety off carnival ride

Fairgoers at a central Florida carnival caught a 2-year-old girl whose mother
was forced to drop her after they were both stranded 30 feet off the ground on a
ride. Paramedics also rescued the woman. No injuries were reported.

FAYETTEVILLE, N.C.

Soldier asked fellow GI to kill his wife, police say

A soldier at Fort Bragg repeatedly asked an 18-year-old colleague to kill his
wife - also a soldier - and eventually offered $30,000 for the deed to be
carried out, the solicited soldier told authorities in police records released
Monday.

Both men appeared in court Monday, charged with one count each of first-degree
murder and conspiracy to commit murder. Superior Court Judge Tal Baggett
scheduled probable cause hearings for Oct. 23 for both men.

ATLANTA

Politician didn't mislead voters, court rules

Georgia's top court ruled in favor of a transgender politician who was slapped
with a lawsuit by two political opponents who claimed the politician misled
voters by running as a woman.

The Georgia Supreme Court's unanimous ruling on Monday found that the two
political opponents who filed the lawsuit failed to produce evidence of fraud,
misconduct or illegal action after claiming that Michelle Bruce bamboozled
voters by identifying herself as female.

CRAWFORDSVILLE, IND.

College student found dead in fraternity house

Police in Indiana say a college freshman was found dead over the weekend in his
fraternity house and suspect that alcohol was involved.

Officials say Johnny D. Smith, 18, of Tucson, Ariz., had pledged to the Delta
Tau Delta fraternity at Wabash College. An autopsy was pending.

All-men Wabash College is 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis.

GRAND RAPIDS, MICH.

President of college drove drunk, he admits

The president of Davenport University has pleaded guilty to a first-time
drunken-driving charge and of refusing to take a breath test.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  DIGEST

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 2, 2008 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Clinton leads by a nose in Iowa opener

BYLINE: Tony Walker WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 996 words


The eyes of the United States and the rest of the world will be fixed improbably
over the next two days on a small farm state where voters are set to exert an
influence over who might be the next president of the US far out of proportion
to their actual numbers.

Just 6 per cent of Iowa's eligible voters in a population of about 3 million are
expected to leave their homes in freezing temperatures on the evening of
Thursday January 3 (Friday Australian time) to express their preferences for
competing candidates through an arcane caucus system whose results are difficult
to predict.

Latest polling, aggregated by RealClearPolitics (a non-partisan website), shows
that among Democrats, New York senator Hillary Clinton leads former North
Carolina senator John Edwards 28.5 per cent to 26.7 per cent, with Illinois
senator Barack Obama on 25.5 per cent.

Among the Republican candidates, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney is
leading former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee 28 per cent to 27.6 per cent,
with Arizona senator John McCain on 11.8 per cent.

Both the Democratic and Republican contests are well within the margin of error,
which means that pollsters are not at all confident about the accuracy of their
predictions.

Pollster John Zogby, whose Reuters/C-SPAN/Zogby poll released on Monday showed
both the Democratic and Republican contests too close to call, observed: "It's
about as close as you can get at the top in both races. It's still very
uncertain."

It has been estimated that because of Iowa's first in the nation status as an
electoral curtain-raiser for the presidential nominating process, its voters
exert an influence over the eventual outcome by a factor of 20 compared with
Americans in more populous states such as New York, Illinois and California.

That influence may be even more pronounced this year because the contests among
both Democrats and Republicans remain wide open and thus Iowa is assuming even
greater importance as a potential springboard for later primaries and caucuses -
and the nomination itself.

Democratic and Republican contenders have blanketed Iowa in search of that most
precious political commodity - momentum.

Candidates, who have spent tens of millions of dollars on the Iowa campaigns -
Mr Romney is reported to have outlayed $US20 million ($22.8 million) - are
engaged in a last desperate scramble for votes in a contest that remains as
tight as a drum.

The RealClear Politics average of the major polls indicates that not one of the
frontrunners has established a clear-cut lead, suggesting that the actual
outcome remains in flux and in the hands of a handful of undecided caucus-goers.

The vagaries of the caucus system, in which second preferences (after a first
round of voting leaves some candidates below a required 15 per cent threshold)
can decide the final result, complicate predictions.

If the outcome rests on a knife edge, the thousands of reporters gathered in
frozen, featureless Des Moines near America's geographic centre will be in for a
long, cold night but the wait will seem nowhere near as frigid as it will for
candidates who have given their all and come up short.

But the Zogby poll, which had Senator Clinton leading Senator Obama and Mr
Edwards 30 to 26 per cent, revealed some interesting details. It found that
Senator Clinton's supporters were most dedicated, with 73 per cent saying their
backing was "very" strong compared with 66 per cent for Mr Edwards and 63 per
cent for Senator Obama.

On the other hand, Senator Clinton had reason to be concerned by figures that
showed her trailing Mr Edwards and Senator Obama as the popular second choice.
Mr Edwards led that category with 28 per cent, Senator Obama 25 per cent and
Senator Clinton just 14 per cent.

Among Republicans, according to the Zogby poll, Mr Huckabee led Mr Romney 29 to
27 per cent with Senator McCain on 13 per cent. A solid third-place finish for
the Arizona senator in Iowa would help his campaign in New Hampshire where he is
running neck and neck with Mr Romney.

Candidates have sharpened their rhetoric as judgement moment approaches.
Reacting to negative advertising, Mr Huckabee accused Mr Romney - the former
Massachusetts governor has spent millions attacking Mr Huckabee's record in
Arkansas - of a "very desperate and, frankly, a dishonest campaign".

Mr Romney's spokesman, Kevin Madden, responded that Mr Huckabee's governorship
was "tough to defend so his testiness and irritability when questioned about it
is obvious".

Mr Huckabee, who has loomed in the Republican race as an improbable outside
chance to challenge the party establishment represented by Mr Romney, released
his own counterattacking advertisement.

"If you love negative campaigning you've got to be loving the last few days of
this election," Mr Huckabee says in the ad. "But if you love our country, you've
got to be thinking enough is enough."

Matthew Dowd, a former campaign director for President George Bush and now a
political commentator, noted that the stakes could hardly be higher, or the
margins more narrow.

"I think every candidate who wants to be president is desperately doing whatever
they can to get that final margin in a race that can be decided by 200 votes,"
Mr Dowd said.

EARLY DAYS

Polls for 2008 presidential campaign

National:

Democrats: Senator Hillary Clinton 44.2 per cent; senator Barack Obama 25.0 per
cent; former senator John Edwards 13.4 per cent.

Republicans: Former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani 20.5 per cent; former
Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee 17 per cent; Arizona senator John McCain 16 per
cent; former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney 15.3 per cent.

Iowa:

Democrats: Clinton 28.5 per cent; Edwards 26.7 per cent; Obama 25.5 per cent;

Republicans: Romney 28 per cent; Huckabee 27.6 per cent; McCain 11.8 per cent.

New Hampshire:

Democrats: Clinton 30.4 per cent; Obama 29.8 per cent; Edwards 18.2 per cent.

Republicans: Romney 31.4 per cent; McCain 25.8 per cent; Giuliani 12.8 per cent.

Source: RealClear Politics

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Party time . . . supporters wear new year's hats at a campaign
stop for Hillary Clinton in Muscatine, Iowa. Photo: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 26, 2007 Friday

Crime Watch for 10/26/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSTIONS
Matthew J. Long, 701 Cassel Road, Manchester; institutional vandalism adjacent
ground, arson-reckless-place building in danger, criminal mischief/damage
property, public drunkenness; waived to court.

Cherly McClane, 719 N. State St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, criminal
conspiracy/manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver,
criminal conspiracy-use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Elijah D. Valenti Sr., 335 Kurtz Ave.; robbery, theft by unlawful taking,
harassment; waived to court.

Matthew Bosserman, 1017 S. Queen St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Leroy Kirkland, P.O. Box 7413; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Russell Lehr III, 1884 Raub Road, Felton; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Pauline Nieves, 682 S. Hampton @ Waterford; harassment; found guilty, paid
costs.

Fredric Malmberg, 1545 E. Market St.; property maintenance; found guilty, paid
costs.

Eugene Hampton, 1662 W. Philadelphia St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, served
time.

David Troutman, 33 Deardorff Road, Dillsburg; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

---
District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
township,; Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Eric M. Golden, 6285 Hauser School Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, failure to keep right; waived to court.

Daniel A. Winter, 31 Old Church Lane; possession of small amount of marijuana,
possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, not using low
beam, failure to use safety belt system; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 1, 2007 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 05/01/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 694 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Charles R. Stone Jr., Horseshoe Ave., Manchester; theft by unlawful
taking-movable property; waived to court.

Megan Walters, Lewisberry Road, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Matthew Moody, 100 Block of Railroad Street, Etters; unlawful absence; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Michael Fetterolf, 100 Block of North Street, Lewisberry; harassment; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Richard W. Straub, 2700 Block of Market Street, Camp Hill; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Janet Fetterolf, 100 Block of North Street, Lewisberry; contempt of court; found
guilty, time to pay.

Christina Hakes, First Block of South York Street, Etters; unlawful absence;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

William Eisele, 400 Block of Fitzpatrick Lane, Hellam; criminal trespass;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lee Cressler, First Block of Meadowbrook Court, New Cumberland; disorderly
conduct; pleaded guilty, time to pay.

John J. Fuller, 100 Block of Lewisberry Road, New Cumberland; harassment;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Ibrahim El-Dessouky, First Block of Laurel Street, Pine Grove; doing business
without a tax license; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Matthew Moody, First Block of Railroad Street, Etters; unlawful absence; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Matthew Moody, First Block of Railroad Street, Etters; unlawful absence; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Jennifer Simpson, 100 Block of Northcrest Drive, York Haven; unlawful absence;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Jennifer Simpson, 100 Block of Northcrest Drive, York Haven; unlawful absence;
paid some.

Tracy S. Kintner, 700 Block of Salem Road, Etters; harassment; pleaded guilty,
time to pay.

Diana Weigel, Stoneyrun Road, Dillsburg; receiving stolen property held for
court.

Casey Vogelsong, Gleenwood Drive, Camp Hill; terroristic threats; waived to
court.

Jonathan Schreffler, Potts Hill Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Benjamin Hager, Carlisle Road, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Nicole Parker, Woodland Ave., Drexel Hill; forgery; waived to court.

Ramsey Neil, Veterans Way, Elliotsburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Samuel Yeager, Schoolhouse Lane, Lewisberry; possession of marijuana; held for
court.

Keith Delany, Umberto Ave., New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; fugitive.

Kevin Sanders, T Street NW, Washington, D.C.; bad checks; fugitive.

Jessica Sweeney, Market Street, Newport; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Amador Rodriguez-Nieves, Terrace Road, Lancaster; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Luis Alvarez-Hernandez, Oakwood Building, Middletown; reckless driving; waived
to court.

Darryl Barfield, White Dogwood, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Gabriel Peters, North Susquehanna Trail; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Chad Stoner, Copenhaffer Road; terroristic threats with intent to terrorize;
waived to court.

Mary Knight-Wallace, Old York Road, New Cumberland; retail theft; waived to
court.

Anthony Bekelja, Garriston Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; held
for court.

Daniel Wert, Old Trail Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Gregory Myers, Carlisle Road; corruption of minors; held for court.

Benjamin Feliciano, E. South Street; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Cynthia Labonte, Clifton Heights Road, Hummelstown; theft of services; fugitive.

Dennes Evans, South Poplar Court, Manchester; simple assault; waived to court.

Shirley Horne, North Street, Harrisburg; marijuana/small amount for personal
use; waived to court.

Michael Caler Jr., North Walnut Street, Dallastown; habitual offenders; waived
to court.

Matthew Moody, Stone Jug Road, Lewisberry; false reports; waived to court.

Mario Munoz-Cortes, E. Hanna Road, Harrisburg; driving under suspension; waived
to court.

Ronald Bevier Jr., Boundary Ave., Hanover; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Jesse Johnson, Ridge Road, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; held for
court.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 4, 2006 Sunday

The Redlegs don't show their true colors

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 969 words


Hal McCoy, the hall-of-fame baseball writer for the Dayton Daily News, knows a
thing or two about America's pastime. If you want to tap into that knowledge,
send him an e-mail at hmccoy@daytondailynews.com.

For more Ask Hal, log on to DaytonDailyNews.com/reds.

Q Barry Larkin became rambunctious when it was suggested he move from shortstop
to the outfield when his skills eroded. Now Ken Griffey Jr. throws a tirade when
some guys on the radio suggest he move from center field to left field or first
base. Once again, Barry was a bad influence on Junior. - Dave,
Miamisburg/Centerville/ Beavercreek

A Hundreds of readers suggest you move to Pago Pago and leave your computer
behind. Larkin was never a bad influence on anybody, and the team still misses
his leadership. Any influence Larkin had on Griffey was positive. As for
changing positions, here's a suggestion: Remove your head from that dark place.

Q When did our Redlegs become the White Pants? Do the Reds even issue socks
anymore? All the players and coaches have their pants legs dragging on the
ground. - Jeff, Yellow Springs

A It's with every team, and it's called "styling." I mean, how do we know they
are White Sox or Red Sox? I'd like to see MLB set a dress code and order players
to quit wearing their footie pajamas when they play, or issue them all teddy
bears.

Q Is there any connection between you and your family to McCoy Stadium in
Pawtucket, R.I.? - Gene, Dayton

A That's where the Pawtucket PawSox, the Triple-A farm team of the Red Sox, play
their home games. I've never been there, but I'm told it's a lovely place. A
friend sent me a hat with "McCoy Stadium" on it, and I love wearing it. My
connection is to the McCoy-Hatfield feud, so I still refer to potatoes as taters
and windows as winders.

Q I've only heard reference to bench coaches in recent years. Just exactly what
do they do? - Pat, Middletown

A They don't coach the bench players. They are the managers' right-hand men. The
manager usually hires a close friend, a guy with whom he has played or coached
and a guy he trusts implicitly. They discuss strategy and pinch-hitters and
pitching changes. And if the manager needs chewing tobacco, the bench coach
fetches it. Don Zimmer was Joe Torre's bench coach and then Lou Piniella's bench
coach so Zim could accompany both to the racetrack.

Q How big of a free shopping spree does Ken Griffey Jr. get when he goes to
Niketown stores on the road? You never see him without a Nike swoosh somewhere.
- Bill, Villa Hills, Ky.

A I've heard he has a Nike swoosh for a handle on his commodes, but I can't
confirm that. With his value to Nike, I assume he could empty a store and the
manager would hold the door open for him. What's great about Griffey is that he
shares his largesse with his teammates and the clubhouse kids.

Q What is the record with Ryan Freel and Felipe Lopez batting at the top of the
Reds' order? - Luke, Dayton

A It is 20-13 with Freel batting first, 23-17 with Lopez batting second, 6-6
with Lopez leading off. How about this one? The Reds are 10-5 with Rich Aurilia
batting fourth, a better record than the team has with any of the other four
guys who have batted fourth. And they are 10-4 with catcher David Ross batting
eighth. What does it all mean? Dunno. Check a numerologist.

Q Why is Jason LaRue playing with a batting average of .200 (.173 as of Friday)
instead of David Ross or Javier Valentin? - Mark, Dayton

A Good question. Ross is hitting .300 with four homers and 12 RBIs in 50 at-bats
to LaRue's three homers and 10 RBIs in 76 at-bats. Ross was brought in by GM
Wayne Krivsky, and many wonder how long the team will go with three catchers.
With the salary LaRue is making, there could be a trade near the July deadline,
especially if another team suffers an injury to a catcher and needs help. But
don't worry about LaRue. A country boy will survive.

Q Does it disturb you as much as it disturbs me that manager Jerry Narron didn't
argue more when Ryan Freel was jobbed out of a home run in Wrigley Field, even
if the Reds were down four runs? - Kevin, Dayton

A No, it doesn't. Narron is pretty low-key and picks his spots. He was ejected
the day before for arguing and probably didn't want to go 2-for-2. As he said,
if the Reds had been down by only one run Narron probably would be appearing in
front of a Chicago magistrate for assault and battery of a visually impaired
arbiter.

Q Houston's Craig Biggio has been hit by pitches more than 270 times (278
through Friday night to be exact). Shouldn't it be illegal for players to wear
so much body armor? Seems like an unfair advantage for the hitter. - Keith,
Dayton

A Amen to that. A player can be awfully bold at crowding the plate when he steps
into to the batter's box looking like Sir Lancelot. Next thing you know they'll
be carrying a lance to the plate instead of a bat. That's another instance where
MLB should say, "Cease and desist." If they want to wear that much padding, go
play hockey.

Q If the Reds stay close, and the Pirates are still in the basement, any chance
we might get Sean Casey back in July? - Becky, Dayton

A Well, the Pirates wouldn't take Dave Williams back for him. The feeling here
is that by July, the Reds and the rest of the National League Central will need
global positioning to find the St. Louis Cardinals. And I'd be shocked if Casey
returns to Cincinnati. Look for the Pirates to re-sign him. He is now the mayor
of Pittsburgh.

Q How long before the Reds address the terrible defense on the left side of the
infield? - Will, Dayton

A What would you like the address to be: E5E6 Way or Boot the Ball Boulevard?
Yes, too often the double-play combination is Brandon Phillips to Felipe Lopez
to Pete Rose Way, but shortstop Lopez and third baseman Edwin Encarnacion are
working hard at improving. And what's the alternative?

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cincinnati Reds' first-base coach Billy Hatcher has red socks under
those white pants, but a reader and Hal McCoy wish the Reds would show their
true colors more often and quit dragging their pants legs. Associated Press
photo by Al Behrman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             May 17, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 532 words


Millinocket District Court

Cases April 5-7, 2006

Miranda A. Achorn, 18, Millinocket, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Tyson L. Baron, 21, Bangor, attaching false plates, $100.

Jeffrey C. Beal, 44, Old Town, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Randolph Bourgoin III, 19, Millinocket, minor possessing liquor, $200.

William R. Boyington Jr., 48, Millinocket, operating unregistered snowmobile,
$100.

Harriet A. Charette, 39, Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Raymond W. Charloux III, 25, Newport, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days; failing to stop for
officer, $500; driving to endanger, $575.

Wade Chipman, 36, North Anson, unattended lines, $100.

Seth E. Colbath, 25, Medway, negotiating worthless instrument, jail 48 hours,
restitution $60.

Roxanne Day, 40, Medway, operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked,
$500.

Tiffany Ferguson, 25, Millinocket, operating vehicle after registration
suspended, dismissed.

Lloyd B. Fitzgerald, 51, Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $750, jail 10 days, license suspended 18 months.

Shane Gardner, 28, Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

John J. Gray, 41, Orland, unattended lines, $100.

Josh Harmon, 18, Millinocket, violating fishing rule, $100 suspended,
restitution $10.

Adam Hinkley, 30, Scarborough, unattended lines, $100.

Michelle Jacobs, 36, East Millinocket, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $250.

Anthony J. Jeffrey, 30, Chelsea, Mass., operating unregistered snowmobile, $100.

Kevin Langlais, 24, Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $900, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months; failing to make
oral or written accident report, jail 48 hours.

Karen Mackin, 36, Millinocket, negotiating worthless instrument, $100,
restitution $80.

Richard P. Michaud III, 23, Millinocket, operating ATV on private road, $100.

Ronald Parcell, 57, East Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Rebekah Perkins, 21, Medway, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Jeremy M. Rideout, 21, Millinocket, failing to register vehicle, $100.

Susan L. Rossignol, 40, Medway, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Peter Sindo, 52, Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $600, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Jennifer Smith, 29, Millinocket, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Ralph O. Sprague, 30, Millinocket, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, dismissed.

Jeremy Scott Thompkins, 29, Caribou, criminal trespass, $400, restitution $550.

Chad Warren Tompkins, 35, Castle Hill, criminal trespass, $400, restitution
$550.

Joseph S. Tracy, 18, Stacyville, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $600, jail seven days, license suspended one year.

Sean R. Voteur, 29, Deland, Fla., operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Dana Wills, 27, New Portland, unattended lines, $100.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 29, 2008 Monday

Police Reports, Sept. 29

BYLINE: Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 413 words


Sep. 29--The following list was compiled from reports to area law enforcement
agencies: Owensboro Police Joseph L. Hamilton, 38, of the 2000 block of Griffith
Place West, was charged Saturday with driving under the influence. Teon Kareem
Thornton, 36, of the 3400 block of Wandering Lane, was charged Saturday with
second-degree burglary.

Antonio C. Cuahua, 26, of the 700 block of Hathaway Street, was charged Saturday
with driving under the influence. Juan Jose Roblero, 23, of the 1800 block of
Oak Avenue, was charged Sunday with trafficking in a controlled substance.
Javier Hernandez, 34, of the 700 block of Bolivar Street, was charged Sunday
with trafficking in a controlled substance and driving under the influence. Ryan
Patrick Hayden, 29, of the 900 block of West First Street, was charged Saturday
with driving under the influence. Joshua G. Kost, 21, of the 500 block of
Bolivar Street, was charged Sunday with second-degree burglary. Oscar Rios
Sanchez, 20, of the 45000 block of Towne Square Court, was charged Sunday with
driving under the influence. Property worth $600 was reported stolen from a
parking lot Sunday in the 1600 block of Thompson Drive. Traffic Accidents A
sport utility vehicle driven by Leah D. Lanham, 17, of the 4600 block of
Strickland Drive, struck Lindsey C. Able, 26, of the 1800 block of South
Griffith Avenue. Able was taken to Owensboro Medical Health System, where she
was treated and released. Daviess County Sheriff Travis M. Bess, 20, of
Madisonville, was charged Saturday with driving under the influence and carrying
a concealed weapon. Leslie M. Simon, 32, of the 300 block of East Second Street,
was charged Saturday with driving under the influence. Ronald L. Laiche, 61, of
the 2900 block of Veach Road, was charged Friday with driving under the
influence. Kentucky State Police Zamora Omar, 25, of the 2200 block of Hutch
Lane, was charged Sunday with driving under the influence. James Byron Edge, 38,
of the 3600 block of Legacy Run, was charged Saturday with driving under the
influence.

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080929-OW-Police-Reports-Sept-29-0929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2008 Messenger-Inquirer


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             January 5, 2009 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Sorting out the seating arrangements

BYLINE: Lorne Gunter, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 809  words


The federal government has to find a better, faster way of adding seats to the
House of Commons.

Understandably, this is a very touchy subject with provinces that have
slow-growing or stagnant populations.

Even though such provinces are currently over-represented relative to their
populations -- P.E.I., for instance, has three times as many MPs per capita as
Alberta -- politicians and voters in those provinces already believe they have
too little influence over national affairs. They fear that a Commons drawn up
more along the lines of one-person, one-vote would only dilute their influence
further still.

But a federation in which some citizens' votes count for three and others for
only one is not fully a democracy. It is more of a geocracy in which where one
lives determines how much power one will have, individually, to choose national
leaders and governments.

The issue of rep-by-pop raised its head again last month during a year-end news
conference given by Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty. McGuinty claimed that Prime
Minister Stephen Harper had agreed at a closed meeting to pass legislation
giving Ontario an additional 21 seats beginning in 2011.

This is only fair (if far too slow), given that Ontario has nearly 39 per cent
of the national population, but just 34 per cent of the seats in the Commons.

Currently, Alberta, B.C. and Ontario have far fewer MPs than they deserve,
altogether about 34 fewer.

Given a national population of just over 33 million, each riding in a perfect
world would have around 108,000 inhabitants. Fewer than that and the voters in a
riding have more influence than the average; more than that and they have less.

Quebec, for instance, has an average of 103,000 people in each of its 75
ridings. Alberta has an average of 127,000 in its 28 federal constituencies.
That's an advantage to Quebec of nearly 20 per cent.

Ontario has an average of 122,000 (in 106 seats), B.C. an average of 121,000 and
P.E.I. just 35,000. For comparison, Saskatchewan is at about 72,000 per riding.

As with nearly all things federal, a cockamamie notion of "fairness" is behind
the discrepancies, not to mention a handful of antiquated laws and regulations.

Changing these will not be simple. Still, they must be changed.

We could do as the Americans have done -- fix the number of seats in the House
of Representatives, then adjust state seat totals up or down as each state's
population fluctuates. After nearly every census, some states lose seats while
growing states gain.

For instance, following the 2000 U.S. census, four states -- Arizona, Texas,
Georgia and Florida -- each gained two House seats. California, Colorado, Nevada
and North Carolina gained one apiece. Meanwhile, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Wisconsin each lost one, and New York
and Pennsylvania lost two.

Every state is assured one House seat (and seven states have only one), but
beyond that, there are no guarantees.

Nothing even remotely as clear-cut is possible in Canada, though.

Quebec is guaranteed 75 seats, period. The Constitution prevents that province's
total from falling below that minimum, which is one of the principal reasons the
House of Commons gets bigger each time there is an effort to make representation
more nearly equal across the country: Quebec's seat total may not fall, so
everyone else's must rise.

This means that while Quebec has just 23.4 per cent of Canada's population, it
retains nearly 25 per cent of the desks in Parliament.

Adjusting seats is also hampered by the 1915 "Senate floor" guarantee and the
1985 "grandfather" clause.

Near the beginning of the First World War, provinces were guaranteed they would
never have fewer Commons seats than they had senators. And roughly a year into

Brian Mulroney's tenure, in 1985, Ottawa guaranteed that no province would have
fewer seats in the future than it had then.

That's bad enough, since it disconnects representation from population. Yet, in
the course of a half-century or so -- a period of five or six censuses -- it
would have evened out. Growing provinces would have picked up all the additional
seats and eventually averages by province would have become more nearly equal.

But Mulroney added a tricky twist: From 1985 on, per-riding averages would be
determined by taking the national population and dividing it by the number of
seats in 1985, not the current number.

At present, for example, this yields a phony per-riding average of 118,000,
which leaves the false (and fully intended) impression that Alberta, B.C. and
Ontario have about the representation they deserve.

To make representation in the Commons more nearly fair, Alberta should have six
more seats, B.C. an additional seven and Ontario 21. And all three should have
them before the next election, rather than waiting until 2011.

- Gunter writes for the Edmonton Journal.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           February 29, 2016, Monday

`Southernization' creates problems for the GOP

BYLINE: E.J. Dionne

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 778 words


The Super Tuesday primaries underscore how super Southern our presidential
nominating process has become. This makes our way of picking standard-bearers
unrepresentative of the country as a whole. In particular, it sharply reduces
the influence of the great American Midwest even though the region's states are
among the most important general-election battlegrounds.

Southernization is a special problem for Republicans because their Southern
supporters tend to be far more socially conservative than the rest of the party
or the country. Southern politics is also more deeply polarized around race,
giving backlash candidates a leg up. The GOP's slide rightward creates electoral
difficulties for it in presidential elections and is the central factor in
Washington's inability to find consensus on much of anything.

True, the whole carnival starts in Iowa, which is as Midwestern as you can get.
But the caucus system gives more conservative Iowa Republicans an outsized
influence because white evangelicals play a disproportionate role in what is a
relatively low-turnout contest.

It is to the evangelicals' credit as democratic citizens that they organize,
mobilize and participate. But their civic virtuousness only makes the final
result less reflective of opinion in the party, in Iowa itself and elsewhere.

New Hampshire comes next, and its voters frequently reach verdicts at odds with
those Iowa renders. This means that South Carolina often plays a tie-breaking
role on the GOP side. Talk about shifting the dialogue right: The site of the
opening skirmish of the Civil War is not only one of the most conservative
states in the nation; it is also one of our most racially divided polities.

All of 1 percent of this year's Palmetto State Republican primary voters were
African-American, according to the network exit poll - yes, 1 percent. Some 96
percent were white.

The matter of diversity is why the Southernized process is less problematic for
Democrats. Having the South vote early is one way to guarantee that the
Democratic Party's large and loyal African-American constituency gets to play a
significant role in choosing a nominee - as it did in Saturday's South Carolina
Democratic primary between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

Pushing Nevada's voting dates up has diversified the calendar a bit, but now we
confront Super Tuesday. It includes primaries in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Yes, this Southern-fried,
hickory-smoked mix is leavened by primaries in Massachusetts and Vermont,
caucuses in Colorado and Minnesota, and, on the Republican side, a "preference
poll in Alaska. But there's a reason why the day is often called the "SEC
primary, after the Southeastern college sports conference.

Not until March 8 does a big Midwestern state (Michigan) vote, and not until
March 15 do Illinois and Ohio weigh in. Wisconsin doesn't hold its primary until
April 5, and Indiana will not be casting its ballots until May 3.

The Dixiefied calendar is now an issue in Republican presidential maneuvering,
with the possibility that the Midwest would be further disenfranchised.
Republican honchos may have presided over a party that "brought to life and "fed
the "Frankenstein monster they see in Donald Trump, as Robert Kagan wrote in The
Washington Post recently. Never mind. The feckless establishmentarians now have
the temerity to tell Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he should do his part in their
belated anti-Trump operation by dropping out in support of Florida Sen. Marco
Rubio - even though Rubio has yet to win a single primary.

Kasich is saying no dice, and he is wholly right to insist that his own base be
heard from before he calls it a day. There's a strong case that Kasich is far
better prepared to be president than Rubio is, and that Kasich's tonally (and,
to some degree, substantively) more moderate brand of conservatism has more
appeal outside Republican ranks than Rubio's narrow conservative orthodoxy.

In any event, it's clear that if the GOP's powers-that-be forced Kasich out
before Michigan and Ohio voted, they would be confirming for all to see that
their party only has room for Southerners (Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz) or, in
the case of Trump, Northerners who speak the Republican South's language on
immigration, race and nationalism.

High-minded thinkers regularly bemoan the sharp polarization of American
politics and wring hands earnestly over why this has come to pass. One of the
principal causes is the Southernization of Abraham Lincoln's party, and our
primary process only makes it harder for those who would reverse the trend.

E.J. Dionne is a columnist for The Washington Post.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Land use and climate affect Black Tern, Northern Harrier, and Marsh
Wren abundance in the Prairie Pothole Region of the United States

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Geological Survey, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Bird populations are influenced by many environmental factors at both large and
small scales. Our study evaluated the influences of regional climate and
land-use variables on the Northern Harrier (Circus cyaneus), Black Tern
(Childonias niger), and Marsh Wren (Cistothorus palustris) in the prairie
potholes of the upper Midwest of the United States. These species were chosen
because their diverse habitat preference represent the spectrum of habitat
conditions present in the Prairie Potholes, ranging from open prairies to dense
cattail marshes.

We evaluated land-use covariates at three logarithmic spatial scales (1,000 ha,
10,000 ha, and 100,000 ha) and constructed models a priori using information
from published habitat associations and climatic influences. The strongest
influences on the abundance of each of the three species were the percentage of
wetland area across all three spatial scales and precipitation in the year
preceding that when bird surveys were conducted. Even among scales ranging over
three orders of magnitude the influence of spatial scale was small, as models
with the same variables expressed at different scales were often in the best
model subset. Examination of the effects of large-scale environmental variables
on wetland birds elucidated relationships overlooked in many smaller-scale
studies, such as the influences of climate and habitat variables at landscape
scales. Given the spatial variation in the abundance of our focal species within
the prairie potholes, our model predictions are especially useful for targeting
locations, such as northeastern South Dakota and central North Dakota, where
management and conservation efforts would be optimally beneficial. This modeling
approach can also be applied to other species and geographic areas to focus
landscape conservation efforts and subsequent small-scale studies, especially in
constrained economic climates.

For more information please visit: http://pubs.er.usgs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2014 Monday

Washington: Land use and climate affect Black Tern, Northern Harrier, and Marsh
Wren abundance in the Prairie Pothole Region of the United States

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Geological Survey, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Bird populations are influenced by many environmental factors at both large and
small scales. Our study evaluated the influences of regional climate and
land-use variables on the Northern Harrier (Circus cyaneus), Black Tern
(Childonias niger), and Marsh Wren (Cistothorus palustris) in the prairie
potholes of the upper Midwest of the United States. These species were chosen
because their diverse habitat preference represent the spectrum of habitat
conditions present in the Prairie Potholes, ranging from open prairies to dense
cattail marshes.

We evaluated land-use covariates at three logarithmic spatial scales (1,000 ha,
10,000 ha, and 100,000 ha) and constructed models a priori using information
from published habitat associations and climatic influences. The strongest
influences on the abundance of each of the three species were the percentage of
wetland area across all three spatial scales and precipitation in the year
preceding that when bird surveys were conducted. Even among scales ranging over
three orders of magnitude the influence of spatial scale was small, as models
with the same variables expressed at different scales were often in the best
model subset. Examination of the effects of large-scale environmental variables
on wetland birds elucidated relationships overlooked in many smaller-scale
studies, such as the influences of climate and habitat variables at landscape
scales. Given the spatial variation in the abundance of our focal species within
the prairie potholes, our model predictions are especially useful for targeting
locations, such as northeastern South Dakota and central North Dakota, where
management and conservation efforts would be optimally beneficial. This modeling
approach can also be applied to other species and geographic areas to focus
landscape conservation efforts and subsequent small-scale studies, especially in
constrained economic climates.

For more information please visit: http://pubs.er.usgs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 24, 2011 Friday

Dickie Scruggs asks court to throw out his 2009 conviction

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1090 words


June 24--OXFORD -- Richard F. "Dickie" Scruggs wants his sentence vacated in the
so-called DeLaughter judicial bribery scandal.

Scruggs of Oxford, who is serving time in an Alabama federal prison, filed legal
papers Thursday, insisting to the U.S. District Court of Northern Mississippi
that he was prosecuted wrongly in 2009 "for ethical infractions," not crimes,
when he hired former Hinds District Attorney Ed Peters to influence Peters'
friend, then-Circuit Judge Bobby DeLaughter, presiding over a legal-fees lawsuit
against Scruggs.

Now, Scruggs says that this action was an "exercise of political influence,"
which is constitutionally protected speech and not a crime.

"Although this behavior was unethical," his motion states about the attempt to
influence, it is not a bribe because the illegal Peters-DeLaughter conversations
based on a long friendship lacked a "quid pro quo," which is one favor for
another.

Scruggs, 65, pleaded guilty twice about attempts to improperly influence judges
presiding over lawsuits against him and others.

The new motion to vacate deals only with the DeLaughter case, not the one
directed at then-Circuit Judge Henry Lackey of Calhoun City. It also shows
Scruggs is in a Montgomery, Ala., facility after initially serving time in
Ashland, Ky.

Beats deadline

The appeal comes just under the wire for a one-year deadline from the June 24,
2010, U.S. Supreme Court decision Scruggs bases his appeal on.

Scruggs-watchers should have expected some development after Wednesday's legal
team additions -- former state Attorney Gen. Mike Moore, his Flowood partner
David Martin and Michael Rader, all members of Zach Scruggs' appeal team.

In 2007, Peters told DeLaughter that Scruggs would ask his brother-in-law,
then-U.S. Sen. Trent Lott, to suggest DeLaughter for a federal judgeship, if the
circuit judge looked favorably on some rulings Scruggs wanted.

"No case holds that an agreement to recommend someone for a political
appointment constitutes a bribe," the motion notes.

Scruggs was one of the country's most famous plaintiffs' lawyers in 2007 when he
and four others were indicted on federal charges that they attempted to bribe
Lackey to order arbitration in another legal-fees lawsuit. Eventually, everybody
pleaded guilty and went to prison.

The Lackey and DeLaughter cases shocked the public and shook the Mississippi
legal community when arrests began in late November 2007.

Scruggs' son, Zach, awaits a ruling by Senior U.S. District Judge Neal Biggers
on his own motion to vacate his conviction and guilty plea to knowing about but
not reporting a colleague's illegal conversation with Lackey.

Senior Judge Glenn H. Davidson presided over the DeLaughter case and now this
motion.

In both cases, the law demands they prove "actual innocence" on the original
indictment charges.

Scruggs' 2009 guilty plea in the DeLaughter case added some two years to his 60
months sentence in the Lackey case.

But he says now that 2010 appeals-court decisions in two other cases put his
situation in a completely new light, requiring his DeLaughter conviction to be
thrown out.

He is not challenging the outcome of the Lackey case.

DeLaughter could not use similar legal arguments because he pleaded guilty to
lying to the FBI about his conversations with Peters, not bribery. Last April,
federal authorities released him from an 18-month prison term. He insists he
never accepted a bribe.

Scruggs' new motion insists that neither hiring Peters to persuade the judge nor
the Lott recommendation constitutes bribery and was not an "honest services
violation," in light of the new decisions.

The federal "honest services" statute says it is illegal to deprive the public
of the honest services of an official, like a judge. Prosecutors often used it
when they wanted to bolster related charges, but in 2010 the U.S. Supreme Court
significantly narrowed "honest services" only to bribery and kickbacks in the
case Skilling v. U.S.

Denies 'value' to judge

Although Scruggs admits he agreed to pay Peters up to $2.5 million for his help,
"no money was intended for Judge DeLaughter, and none was given or offered to
him."

His petition also repeatedly states the he did not know Peters personally and
"never personally dealt" with Peters or DeLaughter.

About Lott's contact, termed a "courtesy call," to DeLaughter about the
judgeship, the document says Lott "advised the judge that his 'no-good
brother-in-law' had 'recommended' him for 'consideration," in that way telling
the judge Scruggs endorsed him.

Ultimately, other people secured the two federal bench openings in the region.

"Here, Bobby DeLaughter received nothing of value," Scruggs insists.

Scruggs' new motion strongly references two decisions -- Skilling and Whitfield
v. U.S. by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.

In Whitfield, the court held that state judges acting in their judicial
capacities are not "agents" of the federal government, which is a key element in
federal bribery prosecutions.

A few weeks ago, Biggers agreed that Lackey was not a federal agent and
dismissed multiple counts in Zach Scruggs's original indictment.

If Dickie' Scruggs conviction and sentence were set aside, he continues the
60-month Lackey sentence and would be due for release by fall 2013.

His current release date is Feb. 20, 2015.

A similar argument isn't likely for his Lackey sentence, court observers say,
because co-defendant Timothy Balducci actually gave the judge, acting
undercover, payments totaling $40,000, which Scruggs reimbursed him for through
other legal work.

Last August, Zach Scruggs also asked the federal court to throw out the
conviction and sentence for his guilty plea to not reporting that he knew
Balducci planned an illegal conversation with Lackey about the lawsuit Jones v.
Scruggs.

In addition to the Lackey defendants, former Booneville attorney Joey Langston
is the only other person to serve prison time in the DeLaughter case. He is
serving out his sentence on house arrest, thanks to his extensive cooperation
with prosecutors in both cases.

Peters was granted immunity from prosecution for his cooperation.

Contact Patsy R. Brumfield at (662) 678-1596 or patsy.brumfield@journalinc.com

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nems360.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110624-TP-Dickie-Scruggs-asks-court-to-throw-out-his-2009-conviction-0624-2011
0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 602 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases April 1 to May 20, 2009

Luke Alexander Abell, 25, Islesford, failing to register vehicle, $150.

Anne M. Albee, 28, Gouldsboro, two counts operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $500.

Christopher J. Allen Jr., 20, Bangor, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months.

Michael A. Ames, 21, Sullivan, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Robert Anderson, 49, Sedgwick, violation of gear rule, $250.

Carl C. Angell, 36, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days; violating condition of release,
jail 24 hours; theft of services, $100.

Adrian J. Arango, 34, Trenton, violating condition of release, jail 48 hours.

James E. Astbury, 46, Penobscot, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $1,000, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

John Austin, 33, Bucksport, operating vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail 120 days, all but seven days suspended, probation one
year, license suspended 18 months; sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Azure D. Averill, 27, Ellsworth, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, $400,
jail 30 days.

John M. Balash, 55, Matlacha, Fla., operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, dismissed.

William M. Ball, 21, South Thomaston, operating vehicle under influence of
intoxicants, dismissed.

William M. Ball, 21, South Thomaston, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $250.

Jimmy D. Barber, 49, Bucksport, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $300.

Abram E. Barrett, 31, Bucksport, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months; operating
vehicle without license, jail 48 hours; failing to stop, remain, provide
information, jail 48 hours.

Michael J. Bazinet, 30, Bar Harbor, disorderly conduct, $250, restitution, $300.

Patrick T. Beal, 28, Dover, N.H., failing to register vehicle, $100.

Jeremy Michael Beer, 20, Bethesda, Md., minor consuming liquor, $200.

Cory J. Betts, 30, Deer Isle, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; operating vehicle without license, $150.

Richard A. Blanchard Jr., 34, Bucksport, operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $1,000, jail 25 days.

Robert W. Bothen, 58, Salisbury Cove, burning without permit, $50.

Lisa M. Bowden, 38, Holden, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Neil S. Bowden, 25, Camden, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Lynn M. Broughman, 37, Trenton, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail suspended three years.

Garrett L. Brown, 36, Deer Isle, violating gear rule, $250.

Caitlin H. Buchanan, 21, Seal Harbor, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Jonathan M. Bunker, 23, Southwest Harbor, leaving scene of motor vehicle
accident, $150.

Kody L. Bunker, 16, Penobscot, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Carl A. Burch Jr., 37, Ellsworth, assault, $300.

Mark A. Burnett-Tubbs, 25, Seal Cove, allowing dog to be at large, $50.

Owen W. Burns, 72, Bar Harbor, assault, dismissed.

Steven W. Burris, 35, Brewer, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Lucas M. Butler, 25, Salisbury Cove, failing to register vehicle, $100.

Scott L. Butters, 43, Lamoine, attaching false plates, $200.

Andrew G. Buzzell, 27, Bar Harbor, criminal trespass, $100; violating condition
of release, jail 48 hours.

Thorne W. Campbell, 52, Deer Isle, sea urchin, scallop diving tender license,
$342.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2009 Friday

BRIEF: Deputies arrest Maricopa teacher for being under the influence in
classroom

BYLINE: Jorge Barrientos, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 224 words


Feb. 27--A second-grade teacher at Maricopa Elementary School was arrested at
school Thursday afternoon on suspicion of being under the influence of drugs --
in her classroom.

Dori Rochelle Keigley, 45, was suspected of being under the influence of a
stimulant at about 1:45 p.m. She was displaying odd behavior, according to the
Sheriff's Department. Deputies took her into custody for being under the
influence, and 17 counts of child endangerment.

Superintendent of Maricopa Unified School District Terry Wolfe said children
were never at risk.

"At no time was anybody in danger," he said.

Wolfe would not given any more information on the arrest or Keigley, citing it
was a personnel matter.

Court records show Keigley pleaded no contest in 2005 for driving under the
influence of alcohol, where she was given three years probation. She pleaded
guilty to the same charge in 2001.

Keigley could not be reached for comment.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090227-BK-BRF-Deputies-arrest-Maricopa-teacher-for-being-under-the-
influence-in-classroom-0227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            December 29, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

A numbers racket

BYLINE: Lorne Gunter, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Lorne Gunter; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 811  words


The federal government has to find a better, faster way of adding seats to the
House of Commons.

Understandably, this is a very touchy subject with provinces that have
slow-growing or stagnant populations.

Even though such provinces are currently over-represented relative to their
populations -- P.E.I., for instance, has three times as many MPs per capita as
Alberta -- politicians and voters in those provinces already believe they have
too little influence over national affairs. They fear that a Commons drawn up
more along the lines of one-person, one-vote would only dilute their influence
further still.

But a federation in which some citizens' votes count for three and others for
only one is not fully a democracy. It is more of a geocracy in which where one
lives determines how much power one will have, individually, to choose national
leaders and governments.

The issue of rep-by-pop raised its head again this month during a year-end news
conference given by Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty. McGuinty claimed that Prime
Minister Stephen Harper agreed at a closed meeting last week to pass legislation
giving Ontario an additional 21 seats beginning in 2011.

This is only fair (if far too slow), given that Ontario has nearly 39 per cent
of the national population, but just 34 per cent of the seats in the Commons.

Currently, Alberta, B.C. and Ontario have far fewer MPs than they deserve,
altogether about 34 fewer.

Given a national population of just over 33 million, each riding in a perfect
world would have around 108,000 inhabitants. Fewer than that and the voters in a
riding have more influence than the average; more than that and they have less.

Quebec, for instance, has an average of 103,000 people in each of its 75
ridings. Alberta has an average of 127,000 in its 28 federal constituencies.
That's an advantage to Quebec of nearly 20 per cent.

Ontario has an average of 122,000 (in 106 seats), B.C. an average of 121,000 and
P.E.I. just 35,000. For comparison, Saskatchewan is at about 72,000 per riding.

As with nearly all things federal, a cockamamie notion of "fairness" is behind
the discrepancies, not to mention a handful of antiquated laws and regulations.

Changing these will not be simple. Still, they must be changed.

We could do as the Americans have done -- fix the number of seats in the House
of Representatives, then adjust state seat totals up or down as each state's
population fluctuates. After nearly every census, some states lose seats while
growing states gain.

For instance, following the 2000 U.S. census, four states -- Arizona, Texas,
Georgia and Florida -- each gained two House seats. California, Colorado, Nevada
and North Carolina gained one apiece. Meanwhile, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Wisconsin each lost one, and New York
and Pennsylvania lost two.

Every state is assured one House seat (and seven states have only one), but
beyond that, there are no guarantees.

Nothing even remotely as clear-cut is possible in Canada, though.

Quebec is guaranteed 75 seats, period. The Constitution prevents that province's
total from falling below that minimum, which is one of the principal reasons the
House of Commons gets bigger each time there is an effort to make representation
more nearly equal across the country: Quebec's seat total may not fall, so
everyone else's must rise.

This means that while Quebec has just 23.4 per cent of Canada's population, it
retains nearly 25 per cent of the desks in Parliament.

Adjusting seats is also hampered by the 1915 "Senate floor" guarantee and the
1985 "grandfather" clause.

Near the beginning of the First World War, provinces were guaranteed they would
never have fewer Commons seats than they had senators. And roughly a year into
Brian Mulroney's tenure, in 1985, Ottawa guaranteed that no province would have
fewer seats in the future than it had then.

That's bad enough, since it disconnects representation from population. Yet, in
the course of a half-century or so -- a period of five or six censuses -- it
would have evened out. Growing provinces would have picked up all the additional
seats and eventually averages by province would have become more nearly equal.

But Mulroney added a tricky twist: From 1985 on, per-riding averages would be
determined by taking the national population and dividing it by the number of
seats in 1985, not the current number.

At present, for example, this yields a phony per-riding average of 118,000,
which leaves the false (and fully intended) impression that Alberta, B.C. and
Ontario have about the representation they deserve.

To make representation in the Commons more nearly fair, Alberta should have six
more seats, B.C. an additional seven and Ontario 21. And all three should have
them before the next election rather than waiting until 2011.

Lorne Gunter writes for the Edmonton Journal.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            December 19, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Alberta needs more Commons seats; Ontario and B.C. also lag in Ottawa's
representational count

BYLINE: Lorne Gunter, Freelance

SECTION: OPINION; Lorne Gunter; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 802  words


The federal government has to find a better, faster way of adding seats to the
House of Commons.

Understandably, this is a very touchy subject with provinces that have
slow-growing or stagnant populations. Even though such provinces are currently
over-represented relative to their populations -- P.E.I., for instance, has
three times as many MPs per capita as Alberta -- politicians and voters in those
provinces already believe they have too little influence over national affairs.
They fear that a Commons drawn up more along the lines of one-person, one-vote
would only dilute their influence further still.

But a federation in which some citizens' votes count for three and others for
only one is not fully a democracy. It is more of a geocracy in which where one
lives determines how much power one will have, individually, to choose national
leaders and governments.

The issue of rep-by-pop raised its head again this week during a year-end news
conference given by Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty. McGuinty claimed that Prime
Minister Stephen Harper agreed at a closed meeting last week to pass legislation
giving Ontario an additional 21 seats beginning in 2011.

This is only fair (if far too slow), given that Ontario has nearly 39 per cent
of the national population, but just 34 per cent of the seats in the Commons.

Currently, Alberta, B.C. and Ontario have far fewer MPs than they deserve,
altogether about 34 fewer.

Given a national population of just over 33 million, each riding in a perfect
world would have around 108,000 inhabitants. Fewer than that and the voters in a
riding have more influence than the average; more than that and they have less.

Quebec, for instance, has an average of 103,000 people in each of its 75
ridings. Alberta has an average of 127,000 in its 28 federal constituencies.
That's an advantage to Quebec of nearly 20 per cent.

Ontario has an average of 122,000 (in 106 seats), B.C. an average of 121,000 and
P.E.I. just 35,000. For comparison, Saskatchewan is at about 72,000 per riding.

As with nearly all things federal, a cockamamie notion of "fairness" is behind
the discrepancies, not to mention a handful of antiquated laws and regulations.

Changing these will not be simple. Still, they must be changed.

We could do as the Americans have done -- fix the number of seats in the House
of Representatives, then adjust state seat totals up or down as each state's
population fluctuates. After nearly every census, some states lose seats while
growing states gain.

For instance, following the 2000 U.S. census, four states -- Arizona, Texas,
Georgia and Florida -- each gained two House seats. California, Colorado, Nevada
and North Carolina gained one apiece. Meanwhile, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Wisconsin each lost one, and New York
and Pennsylvania lost two.

Every state is assured one House seat (and seven states have only one), but
beyond that, there are no guarantees.

Nothing even remotely as clear-cut is possible in Canada, though.

Quebec is guaranteed 75 seats, period. The Constitution prevents that province's
total from falling below that minimum, which is one of the principal reasons the
House of Commons gets bigger each time there is an effort to make representation
more nearly equal across the country: Quebec's seat total may not fall, so
everyone else's must rise.

This means that while Quebec has just 23.4 per cent of Canada's population, it
retains nearly 25 per cent of the desks in Parliament.

Adjusting seats is also hampered by the 1915 "Senate floor" guarantee and the
1985 "grandfather" clause.

Near the beginning of the First World War, provinces were guaranteed they would
never have fewer Commons seats than they had senators. And roughly a year into
Brian Mulroney's tenure, in 1985, Ottawa guaranteed that no province would have
fewer seats in the future than it had then.

That's bad enough, since it disconnects representation from population. Yet,
over a half-century or so -- five or six censuses -- it would have evened out.
Growing provinces would have picked up all the additional seats and eventually
averages by province would have become more nearly equal.

But Mulroney added a tricky twist: From 1985 on, per-riding averages would be
determined by taking the national population and dividing it by the number of
seats in 1985, not the current number.

At present, for example, this yields a phoney per-riding average of 118,000,
which leaves the false (and fully intended) impression that Alberta, B.C. and
Ontario have about the representation they deserve.

To make representation in the Commons more nearly fair, Alberta should have six
more seats, B.C. an additional seven and Ontario 21. And all three should have
them before the next election rather than waiting until 2011.

lgunter@shaw.ca

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Blackbaud Inc. (South Carolina) applies for US Patent titled as "SYSTEM FOR
TRACKING DONOR INFLUENCE IN CHARITABLE TRANSACTIONS"

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160350817 for US Patent, published on December 01, 2016, by
Blackbaud Inc. (South Carolina), titled as "SYSTEM FOR TRACKING DONOR INFLUENCE
IN CHARITABLE TRANSACTIONS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Garbarino; Matthew; (Charleston, SC) ; Swick; Brian; (Asheville, NC)

Applicant: Blackbaud Inc. Charleston SC (South Carolina)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system for tracking donor influence in a charitable fundraising campaign by
generating unique URLs in response to a fundraising transaction, and associating
web page metadata with donors in a transaction database is described.
Embodiments of the present disclosure provide a system for generating unique
links for online donation forms containing embedded GUIDs, and provisioning GUID
data to a transaction database to track the relationships between donors across
database nodes, and calculate an aggregate impact of a referring donor's online
link sharing efforts across a network."


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

National issues could influence N.H. races: Most notably, U.S. Senate race
between Shaheen and Brown

BYLINE: Casey Conley, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


Oct. 18--DOVER -- Polls show the race between U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and Scott
Brown is tightening, and some experts believe factors outside either candidate's
control could influence the results.

The Ebola outbreak, ISIS militants in Iraq and Syria, and recent stock market
weakness could become wild cards in the final two weeks of the campaign, Andrew
Smith, director of the UNH Survey Center, said Thursday.

"There are a lot of factors out there independent of the campaigns that I think
are going to have an impact on the race," he said.

President Obama's approval rating in New Hampshire could have the most
significant impact of all. One recent poll showed less than 40 percent of
Granite State voters are satisfied with the job he's doing, and that could
affect turnout among some "marginal Democrats."

Turnout is a key factor because Democrats face what political experts call an
"enthusiasm gap." In other words, Republicans are more excited about the
election and more motivated to get out and vote for their candidates.

"The biggest factor contributing to the (Senate) race is attitudes toward
President Obama," Smith said. "That will impact turnout, so as President Obama's
approval rating declines, Democrats are less likely to vote."

Historically, this is not unusual.

Whichever party controls the White House often does poorly during in midterm
elections. In 2006, when George W. Bush was president, fired-up Democrats
regained control of the U.S. House and Senate, and in 2010 Republicans
recaptured the House thanks, in part, to Tea Party support.

That means Democrats are at a disadvantage for this midterm election across the
U.S. and in New Hampshire, where both Democratic congresswomen face tough
battles against Republican challengers.

Wayne Lesperance, a political science professor at New England College, expects
candidates and their surrogates to focus on issues that tend to get voters off
the sidelines.

For Democrats, that means ads highlighting abortion rights and women's issues
that particularly appeal to younger voters. He believes Republicans will respond
to the threat posed by ISIS militants and the Ebola outbreak by focusing on
national security issues.

This is already starting to happen.

On Friday, Republican Senate hopeful Brown told a radio interviewer that the
country should impose a travel ban on West African countries battling the Ebola
outbreak. Earlier in the week, he urged Gov. Maggie Hassan, a Democrat, to do
more to train and protect the state's health care workers against Ebola.

Last week, Brown said the Ebola outbreak highlights the need for better security
at the Southern U.S. border.

Meanwhile, Shaheen has regularly highlighted her support for women's issues,
most recently in an Oct. 15 op-ed published in the Concord Monitor. Shaheen
wrote that Brown sponsored legislation twice in Massachusetts that would have
required women considering an abortion to look at color photographs of the
fetus. Her campaign ads have focused on her record of delivering for New
Hampshire.

These trends also are playing out in races lower on the ballot.

U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter, a Democrat representing the state's first
congressional district, released an ad this week arguing that Republican
challenger Frank Guinta's views on equal pay for women and abortion are "stuck
in the fifties."

Guinta has described Shea-Porter as "extreme" and likened her to a rubber stamp
for an unpopular Democratic president. He's also begun talking about Ebola and
ISIS during campaign stops.

While Democrats running for federal office are considered vulnerable this cycle,
Smith believes Gov. Hassan is somewhat insulated from the prevailing political
winds.

For one thing, she was elected just two years ago. She also has relatively high
approval ratings as the leader of a state that most voters feel is headed in the
right direction.

"She's not going to mention President Obama at all," Smith said, adding that her
Republican opponent, Walt Havenstein, will have a hard time tying her to the
president. "She has more of a buffer than those running for national office."

___ (c)2014 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141018-1FD-National-issues-could-influence
-N-H-races-Most-notably-U-S-Senate-race-between-Shaheen-and-Brown-1018-20141018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2014 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

Nation Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2

LENGTH: 420 words


National news from The Associated Press LINCOLN, R.I.

Couple charged on same night Rhode Island State Police say a husband and wife
both face charges of driving under the influence after they were stopped
separately on the same night.

Police say 43-year-old Stephanie Souza, of Warwick, was stopped in Cranston on
Friday, and a chemical test on her at the Lincoln barracks indicated she'd been
driving under the influence.

They say 44-year-old Michael Souza was pulled over for a motor vehicle violation
in Lincoln while driving to get his wife, then taken into custody. They say a
chemical test on him at the Lincoln barracks indicated he was also driving under
the influence.

A number for the Souzas could not be located Sunday and they could not be
reached for comment.

BIRMINGHAM, ALA.

Officer improving after shooting Authorities said an east Alabama police officer
shot and seriously wounded in an exchange of gunfire with a homicide suspect was
improving Sunday as investigators tried to verify the identities of three people
whose slayings sparked a two-county pursuit.

Heflin police officer Jackie Stovall was removed from a breathing machine and
remained hospitalized in stable condition in Anniston a day after Saturday's
shootings.

Stovall was progressing faster than expected, police said.

Stovall asked about his parents and grandchild as soon as he could speak,
Heflin's interim police chief, A.J. Benefield, said in a post on the
department's Facebook page.

Then, Benefield said, Stovall asked, "Did y'all get him?"

"I was happy to tell him, 'Yes, we did,' and no one else will have to worry
about him doing anything like this again," wrote Benefield.

CHICAGO, ILL School stumped by Jones mail University of Chicago officials are
puzzled by a mystery piece of mail seemingly linked to the Indiana Jones movie
series.

The Chicago Tribune reports that the university's admissions department received
a package last week addressed to "Henry Walton Jones Jr." That's the main
character's name in the popular film franchise that began in 1980s.

The package contained a replica of the journal from the "Raiders of the Lost
Ark" film - and no explanation.

University officials turned to Tumblr for answers.

Admissions counselor Grace Chapin says one theory is that it's an "alternate
reality" game where players plant clues for others.

Officials with Lucas film, the studio that made the movies, say they weren't
responsible for the package.

University officials say they haven't decided what to do with the journal.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          September 27, 2007 Thursday

Crime Watch for 9/29/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1214 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Marie S. Wagner, 344 Cottage Place; burglary, criminal conspiracy/burglary,
criminal trespass/break into structure, use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
theft by unlawful taking, criminal conspiracy/theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.

Timothy J. Caprio, 7808 Beverly Ave., Baltimore, Md.; burglary, criminal
trespass/enter structure, criminal mischief/damage property, intent, negligent,
reckless; waived to court.

John E. Walter, 1280 Southern Road; accidents involving damage to attended
vehicle/property; waived to court.

David Hanes, c/o York County Prison; burglary, theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

Paul Felix M. Hertz, 1406 Fireside Road; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of
driving safely, failure to register fireworks display/exhibit, disorderly
conduct/unreasonable noise, disorderly conduct/hazardous physical offense;
waived to court.

Trevor M. Snell, 30 N. Sumner St.; false reports to police, false identification
to police, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Matthew B. Oakes, 2580 Lewisberry Road, York Haven; loitering/prowling at
nighttime, disorderly conduct/hazardous physical offense, alcohol by minor,
harassment; waived to court.

Nicholas D. Beard, 1811 Wallace St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Robert D. Wallick, 1301 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving with BAC .02 percent or greater while suspended
license; held for court.

Yolanda N. Dawson, 436 Salem Ave.; false reports/falsely incriminate another,
learner's permit; waived to court.

Juan F. Leiva-Rivera, c/o York County Prison; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving without a license;
pleaded guilty at Common Pleas court.

Patricia Fritz, 1273 W. Poplar St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; careless driving; held for court.

Julie M. Ehrhart, 830 Latimer St.; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Carroll D. Rainey, c/o York County Prison; terroristic threats, harassment;
waived to court.

Adam J. Linnert, 258 Kirsta Lane, Dallastown; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving with BAC .02 percent or greater while license
suspended; waived to court.

Larry A. Nelson Jr., 231 Harding Court; forgery/utters forged writing, theft by
deception/false impression; waived to court.

Edward R. Phelps, 715 Cedar Village Drive; driving under the influence: high
rate of alcohol, driving with BAC .02 percent or greater while under suspension;
waived to court.

Sara A. Ernst, 134 Highland Road; insurance fraud, accidents involving damage to
unattended vehicle/property; waived to court.

Malcolm Brown, 16 S. Duke St.; receiving stolen property, theft by unlawful
taking, access device fraud; waived to court.

Brandin J. Frady, 360 Stone Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property, defiant trespass fenced/enclosed; waived to court.

Jordan Breeland, 958 E. Market St.; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

Dung H. Nguyen, 732 Wallace St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, stop signs/yield signs; waived to court.

Sean Harrison, 482 W. Princess St.; simple assault, robbery, theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Jason J. Pentz, 45 Ivy Drive, Manchester; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Jason J. Pentz, 45 Ivy Drive, Manchester; simple assault, robbery, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Lamin J. Goodman Jr., 209 S. Pine St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver, access device fraud, theft by unlawful taking;
waived to court.

Ryan A. Burgoon, 633 E. Boundary Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Kenneth T. Carr Sr., 444 N. Pershing Ave.; bad checks-court case; waived to
court.

Jason Loveland, 27 W. Lancaster St., Red Lion; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Ronald Bartram Jr., 3220 N. George St., Emigsville; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Shane Liggins, 3400 Eastern Blvd.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Tina Ramos, 607 Norway St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Brandon Severns, 2263 Chestnut Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty; paid
costs.

Melissa Laughman, 1459 W. King St.; truancy; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Robert Young, 927 N. Duke St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Michael Defriece, 1760 Shrivers Corner Road, Gettysburg; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid costs and restitution.

Travis Eckert, 421 Adamstown St., East Berlin; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, served time.

Mitchell Peck, 524 N. McDermott Road, Fawn Grove; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Nicole Jones, 16973 Mount Airy Road, Shrewsbury; tax violation; found guilty,
paid costs.

Alicia Minnich, 565 Trinity Road; disorderly conduct; found guilty, served time.

---
District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Robert A. Thomas, 109B Hanover St., Glen Rock; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Orlando M. Twyford, 2747 Wilson Parkway, Harrisburg; bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Doyle A. Siever, 24229 Preakness Drive, Damascus, Md.; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Brett Small, 852 McAllister St., Hanover; fishing without a license, violation
of rules on Commonwealth property; pleaded guilty, scheduled to pay fine and
costs.

Douglas L. Overcash, 2675 Johnson Drive, Chambersburg; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Nickolas G. Stavropulos, 4788 Copenhaver Road, Glenville; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Dennis Eaton, 1395 Firehall Road, harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Kristine M. Schipper, 2809 Rachele Court, Manchester, Md.; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Julie E. Drawbaugh, 303 Aspen Court, Hanover; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Juvenile, Spring Grove; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Joel T. Campbell Jr., 813 Country Club Road, Red Lion; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Bruce C. Neumann, 14155 Anthony Highway, Waynesboro; general boating
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Louis B. Lippi, 4083 Meckley Road, Glen Rock; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 27, 2006 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1114 words


POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Alan Hendrickson, Post Falls, reported Wednesday the $5,830 theft of a toy
car/truck collection, tools, stereo equipment and air compressor from a storage
unit on Seltice Way.

Nancy Moore, employee of Dr. Richard Samuel MD/ABFP, reported Thursday the
$2,076 theft of cash and medical supplies and $200 damage to a glass door of the
business at 8880 N. Hess St. in Hayden.

Hershel Koiler,  foreman for White Water Creek Construction, reported Thursday
$600 damage to an entry door of a building under construction on the 8400 block
of North Government Way.

NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE DAN MCGEE

SHOSHONE COUNTY

Heather A. Walker, 32, Mullan; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days suspended), or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Gilbert E. Hendryx,  29, Mullan; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (109 days suspended), or 80 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Daniel R. Maubach, 48, Mullan; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 90 days
in jail (88 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Michelle C. Ramirez, 30, Kellogg; driving without privileges; $300 fine, 30 days
in jail.

Michael  Aronson,  23, Spokane; driving without privileges, $300 fine, 30 days
in jail.

Scott A. Zinger, 24, Mount Vernon, Wash.; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or eight hours
county work program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Lucas M. Estep, 21, Arlington, Wash.; failure to purchase a driver's license;
$300 fine, 30 days in jail.

Robert N. Richison,  43, Cataldo; driving under the influence (second offense);
$1,000 fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 80 hours
county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Julie K. Thompson, 49, Wallace; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 90 days in jail (88 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program,
90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Justin E. Mellen, 21, Kellogg; failure to purchase a driver's license; $300
fine, five days in jail.

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

George C. Blair, 25, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 62 days in
jail.

JUDGE JOHN LUSTER

Billy K. Johansen, 53, Post Falls; obstructing officers; $100 fine, one year in
jail (352 days suspended), two years probation.

Anthony L. Stebbins, 37, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: battery; 180 days in jail.
Count II: felony lewd conduct with a minor under age 16; 10 years determinate
penitentiary time, 10 years indeterminate penitentiary time.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Dawn R. Scruton,  37, Athol; petty theft; $200 fine (suspended), one year in
jail (355 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, two years probation.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Tracy C. Gordon, 20, Post Falls; trespass; $300 fine ($150 suspended), 30 days
in jail (25 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Krystal D. Jeffries, 33, Athol; Spokane; possession of a controlled substance;
$1,000 fine ($900 suspended), one year in jail (360 days suspended) or 40 hours
county work program, two years probation.

Robert J. Cripe, 33, Hayden; misdemeanor probation violation; five days in jail
or 100 hours community service.

Sean A. Conner, 30, Rathdrum; unlawful entry; $300 fine ($200 suspended), 180
days in jail (150 days suspended), two years probation.

Derek A. Jaramillo, 21, Coeur d'Alene; pharmacy-unlawful possession/use of
prescription drugs; $100 fine, five days in jail or 16 hours county work
program.

JUDGE PATRICK MCFADDEN

Jacob S. Thompson, 19, Coeur d'Alene; inattentive/careless driving, $500 fine
($400 suspended), 30 days in jail (25 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, two years probation.

Corey A. Sommers, 33, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Matthew W. Porterfield, 34, Spirit Lake; misdemeanor probation violation; 31
days in jail.

Daniel Ramon-Llamas Mottoh,  22, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation;
seven days in jail or 57 hours county work program.

Richard C. Hippach,  24, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; five
days in jail or 40 hours county work program.

Brandon C. Anderson, 20, Pinehurst; misdemeanor probation violation; five days
in jail and proof of ordered evaluation.

Eugene A. Thayer, 50, Newman Lake, Wash.; misdemeanor probation violation; eight
days in jail or proof of treatment.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Jessica Margerum, seeking $1,685.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Laurissa Lamon, seeking $9,898.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Jerid Combs, seeking $3,444.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Nadine Motz and Ryan Motz, seeking $2,811.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Reannon Erickson and Josh Erickson, seeking
$6,998.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Keith Brownsberger, seeking $2,504.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Douglas Herbert, seeking $4,871.

Diana Witherspoon v. John Hayes, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Inland Merchants Association Inc. v. Linda Schrader, seeking $2,090.

Sharon Kelly v. Gerald Bowker, seeking $4,000.

Sharon Kelly v. Gerald Bowker, seeking $4,000.

Sharon Kelly v. Gerald Bowker, seeking $4,000.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Christopher Tretter  v. Jacob Walker, plaintiff awarded $3,215.

Sean Hanson v. Jason Trujillo, plaintiff awarded $1,112.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Kerri Bauer and Larry Bauer, plaintiff
awarded $2,357.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Shane Dinkel, plaintiff awarded $1,618.

Bonneville Billing and Collections Inc. v. Dale Friddle and Shannon Friddle,
plaintiff awarded $1,296.

Sublimity Insurance Co. and Jody Rowe v. Sylvia Taylor and Kevin Taylor,
plaintiff awarded $2,044.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Bobby Ellars, plaintiff awarded $6,313.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Glenn Whitaker and Jerilyn Whitaker v. Don Macdonald  and Macdonald Family
Limited Partnership.

Buell  Hollister and Donna Hollister v. Randy Rothe.

Diane DePriest v. Budget Blinds of North Idaho Inc.

LGS Landscape v. Holy Family Catholic School.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Tammy Flagor from Anthony Flagor.

Iris Craghead from Max Craghead.

Louisa  Halle from Chad Halle.

John Mahoney from Patricia Mahoney.

DIVORCES GRANTED

April Allen from Brian Allen.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 26, 1986 Tuesday

B.C. Premier orders review of hospital abortion policy

BYLINE: RITA MOIR; Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 368 words


Premier William Vander Zalm says he has asked the Health Ministry for a
 review of abortion policies in British Columbia hospitals.

Speaking in Castlegar yesterday, he said: "There's a danger abortion is
 being used as a form of birth control, not willingly by those seeking
 abortions, but the (hospital) committee's ruling may be more on the basis
 of that than what it is on the basis of the health to the mother and
 child."

Asked if his own Catholicism and anti-abortion position could influence
 policy, Mr. Vander Zalm said "that could happen. Your own position does
 tend to influence decision-making. There's no question about that. My
 position and views could influence thinking."

Mr. Vander Zalm began his first jaunt into rural British Columbia as
 Premier by announcing the provincial purchase over five years of $55-
 million worth of preferred shares in Cominco Ltd.

The company had been demanding a reduction of the almost $1-million it
 pays each month in water taxes to the province. But Mr. Vander Zalm said
 he would not deal with the water taxes for only one company when it is a
 province-wide issue.

The share purchase is similar to an agreement with the federal
 Government, which is investing $79-million in Cominco.

The combined $134-million federal and provincial investments, along
 with $5-million in tax reductions from the city of Trail, mean that
 Cominco will proceed with the $171-million first phase of its $260-million
 lead smelter modernization program.

During his stop in Castlegar, city council and workers at Westar Timber
 Ltd. questioned Mr. Vander Zalm about Cominco's announced sale of West
 Kootenay Power and Light Co. Ltd. to a U.S. corporation. Cominco announced
 last week that it will sell the utility for $80-million to Utilicorp
 United Inc. of Kansas City, Mo.

There is an objection to the purchase, which still must be ratified by
 the B.C. Utilities Commission, because the company will leave Canadian
 hands and because local regional districts were still in the process of
 bidding for it.

Beside a worry about increased power rates, there is also local concern
 that Utilicorp has recently bought $50-million worth of shares in the Palo
 Verde nuclear power station near Phoenix, Ariz.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 16, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

GAMING UNIT SUMS UP OBJESTIONS TO BALLY CASINO, CITING CRIME TIES

BYLINE: By DONALD JANSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Dec. 15


The New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement said today that the Bally
Manufacturing Corporation had deliberately enlisted the ''association and
influence'' of organized crime and should not be licensed to operate a casino in
Atlantic City.

Robert B. Sturges, deputy director of the division, made the charge in his
closing argument before the Casino Control Commission in a licensing hearing
that began Nov. 6. The commission will review the evidence and is expected to
rule next week.

Mr. Sturges said that when William T. O'Donnell sought to buy Bally's
predecessor, the Lion Manufacturing Corporation, he went to Abe Green, an owner
of Runyon Sales, which distributed coin-operated Lion machines in the New York
metropolitan area, knowing that Gerardo Catena was a partner of Mr. Green.

Mr. Catena had been identified by Congressional investigating committees as a
leading figure in the Genovese organized-crime family. Mr. Sturges said Mr.
O'Donnell wanted Mr. Catena's influence in ''getting into the slot machine
business in Nevada.''

Manufacturer of Slot Machines

Mr. Catena became a hidden partner in the new Bally company in 1963, with his
interest held in the name of Mr. Green and Mr.  Green's partner, Barnet
Sugarman, Mr. Sturges said. Bally later became the largest manufacturer of slot
machines in the world, with a major market in Nevada.

Mr. Green also brought Irving Kaye into the O'Donnell group that bought Lion in
1963. Mr. Kaye was associated with Mr. Green and Mr.  Catena in a Brooklyn
company that made billiard tables.

''The O'Donnell group was Green, Sugarman, Kaye,'' Mr. Sturges said, ''everyone
a business associate, a partner, a front for Gerardo Catena. Mr. O'Donnell
wanted Mr. Catena's association and influence, that's why he turned to Green and
Sugarman. He wanted to get into the slot machine business in Nevada. How to
penetrate that market of organized-crime-dominated casinos? Professor Blakey
testified to Catena's influence in Las Vegas. It was no coincidence that he went
to Green.''

Testimony About Reputation

Prof. G. Robert Blakey, director of the University of Notre Dame's Organized
Crime Institute, testified last week that Bally has the reputation ''of a
company associated with organized crime.''

Profesor Blakey, formerly of the racketeering section of the Federal Justice
Department, served as a consultant to Senate committees investigating organized
crime and to the Commission on National Policy on Gaming. He was a member of a
New York State Commission that studied the possibility of legalizing gaming in
New York. He wrote the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970 and helped establish
the Cornell University Institute on Organized Crime.

Mr. Sturges noted that Mr. O'Donnell hired Dino Cellini in 1970 as a Bally
salesman after Mr. Cellini had been evicted from the Bahamas and England for his
close association with Meyer Lansky, the reputed organized-crime financial
expert.

Business Judgments

Mr. Sturges said the associations among Mr. Catena, Mr. Cellini, Mr.Kaye, Mr.
Green and Mr. Sugarman ''cannot be cast aside as mere mistakes.'' He said Mr.
O'Donnell, the president and chairman of Bally since its founding, had made
''deliberate and conscious business judgments to use the influence of these men
to benefit the company financially.''

''Mr. O'Donnell makes business judgments on one basis - is it profitable,'' Mr.
Sturges said. ''His philosophy is that honesty is the best policy only so long
as it pays well,'' he said.

Mr. Sturges said that philosophy continues at Bally.  The gaming division
opposes licensing either Bally or Mr.  O'Donnell. Bally received a temporary
permit to operate Bally's Park Place Casino in Atlantic City last Dec. 29, but
only after Mr.  O'Donnell agreed to sever his ties to his company until the
commission ruled on his and Bally's applications for licenses.

A Separation Is Suggested

Clive S. Cummis, attorney for Bally, said that ''if there is any individual in
the company that doesn't meet licensing standards, the commission should
separate that individual from the corportion'' but license the company. The
commission did that recently with Caesars World, licensing the company but not
its founders, Clifford S. and Stuart Z. Perlman.

Anton Valukis, Mr. O'Donnell's attorney, said his client did not know in 1963
that Mr. Catena had a hidden interest in Bally and bought him out when he
learned it later. He said Mr. O'Donnell made ''a mistake in judgment'' in hiring
Mr. Cellini. But he said that neither Mr. Catena nor Mr. Cellini ever had any
influence or control in the company. He said their relationships with the
company had ended by 1973.

Mr. Cummis said that ''notwithstanding the colorful history of this company,''
it should be judged only ''as it is today.'' Mr. Green, Mr. Sugarman, Mr. Kaye,
Mr. Catena and Mr. Cellini are no longer associated with the company, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Representation for alberta, b. c. and ontario must grow

BYLINE: Lorne Gunter, For the Calgary Herald

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Lorne Gunter; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 815  words


The federal government has to find a better, faster way of adding seats to the
House of Commons.

Understandably, this is a very touchy subject with provinces that have
slow-growing or stagnant populations. Even though such provinces are currently
over-represented relative to their populations --P. E. I., for instance, has
three times as many MPs per capita as Alberta--politicians and voters in those
provinces already believe they have too little influence over national affairs.
They fear that a Commons drawn more along the lines of one-person, one-vote
would only dilute their influence further still.

But a federation in which some citizens' votes count for three and others for
only one is not fully a democracy. It is more of a geocracy in which where one
lives determines how much power one will have, individually, to choose national
leaders and governments.

The issue of rep-by-pop raised its head again this week during a year-end news
conference given by Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty. McGuinty claimed that Prime
Minister Stephen Harper agreed at a closed meeting last week to pass legislation
giving Ontario an additional 21 seats beginning in 2011.

This is only fair (if far too slow), given that Ontario has nearly 39 per cent
of the national population, but just 34 per cent of the seats in the Commons.

Currently, Alberta, B. C. and Ontario have far fewer MPs than they deserve,
altogether about 34 fewer.

Given a national population of just over 33 million, each riding in a perfect
world would have around 108,000 inhabitants. Fewer than that and the voters in a
riding have more influence than the average; more than that and they have less.

Quebec, for instance, has an average of 103,000 people in each of its 75
ridings. Alberta has an average of 127,000 in its 28 federal constituencies.
That's an advantage to Quebec of nearly 20 per cent.

Ontario has an average of 122,000 (in 106 seats), B. C. an average of 121,000
and P. E. I. just 35,000. For comparison, Saskatchewan is at about 72,000 per
riding.

As with nearly all things federal, a cockamamie notion of "fairness" is behind
the discrepancies, not to mention a handful of antiquated laws and regulations.

Changing these will not be simple. Still, they must be changed.

We could do as the Americans have done--fix the number of seats in the House of
Representatives, then adjust state seat totals up or down as each state's
population fluctuates. After nearly every census, some states lose seats while
growing states gain.

For instance, following the 2000 U. S. census, four states --Arizona, Texas,
Georgia and Florida--each gained two House seats. California, Colorado, Nevada
and North Carolina gained one apiece. Meanwhile, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana,
Michigan, Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Wisconsin each lost one, and New York
and Pennsylvania lost two each.

Every state is assured one House seat (and seven states have only one), but
beyond that, there are no guarantees.

Nothing even remotely as clear-cut is possible in Canada, though.

Quebec is guaranteed 75 seats, period. The Constitution prevents that province's
total from falling below that minimum, which is one of the principal reasons the
House of Commons gets bigger each time there is an effort to make representation
more nearly equal across the country: Quebec's seat total may not fall, so
everyone else's must rise.

This means that while Quebec has just 23.4 per cent of Canada's population, it
retains nearly 25 per cent of the desks in Parliament.

Adjusting seats is also hampered by the 1915 "Senate floor" guarantee and the
1985 "grandfather" clause.

Near the beginning of the First World War, provinces were guaranteed they would
never have fewer Commons seats than they had senators. And roughly a year into
Brian Mulroney's tenure, in 1985, Ottawa guaranteed that no province would have
fewer seats in the future than it had then.

That's bad enough, since it disconnects representation from population. Yet,
over a half-century or so--five or six censuses--it would have evened out.
Growing provinces would have picked up all the additional seats and eventually
averages by province would have become more nearly equal.

But Mulroney added a tricky twist: From 1985 on, per-riding averages would be
determined by taking the national population and dividing it by the number of
seats in 1985, not the current number.

At present, for example, this yields a phoney per-riding aver-age of
118,000,which leaves the false (and fully intended) impression that Alberta, B.
C. and Ontario have about the same representation they deserve.

To make representation in the Commons more nearly fair, Alberta should have six
more seats, B. C. an additional seven and Ontario 21. And all three should have
them before the next election rather than waiting until 2011.

Lorne Gunter Is A Columnist With The Edmonton Journal And The National Post

lgunter@shaW.Ca

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

OSU influence reaches deep South

BYLINE: Nicholas Piotrowicz, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 830 words


Dec. 31--SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- When Ohio State alumnus Brian Bambeck opened his
South Carolina restaurant in 2002, like many Ohioans, he still wanted to watch
the Buckeyes play football on fall Saturdays.

Mr. Bambeck installed one television and hung an Ohio State flag at Mangiamo's
in Hilton Head Island, S.C., a resort community of fewer than 40,000 people. On
the first game day, he counted 23 fellow Ohio State fans.

As the weeks passed, more and more fans arrived on Saturdays. By the time the
Buckeyes opened the 2003 season, the pizza restaurant was completely overrun
with Ohio State fans hoping for a taste of home.

The outpouring of fans showed Mr. Bambeck that there was an Ohio State market --
even in the southeastern United States.

"We sold out of everything. I'm talking everything: I was borrowing kegs of beer
from people," Mr. Bambeck said. "Ever since then, it's been a piece of cake. I
knew I was onto something."

Many Ohioans have moved south in recent years, taking their affinity for
Buckeyes football into the hearts of the Southeastern Conference and Atlantic
Coast Conference.

While many Ohio cities have declined in population -- Cleveland alone has lost
44 percent of its population since 1950 -- most Southern states have boomed. The
U.S. Census Bureau estimated that the population of the Southern states grew 1.4
million from 2014 to 2015.

South Carolina, the home of Clemson, Ohio State's Fiesta Bowl opponent tonight,
has grown by 7.3 percent since the most recent census in 2010.

Part of the boom is directly tied to the Buckeye State. Ohio State University
counts 10 states among its southeast region, which is filled with nearly 49,000
graduates -- roughly four entire classes worth of OSU students who moved south
after college.

That number represents only the graduates for whom OSU's alumni association has
addresses; the real number is undoubtedly higher, and many Ohioans who did not
go to the school settled en masse in places like Charleston, S.C., Charlotte,
and Atlanta.

Brendan Braaten, the southeast's regional engagement officer for the OSU alumni
association, said the school regularly packs venues for game watch parties and
charity events throughout the region.

"It's very inspiring to be 500 miles from Columbus, Ohio, and yet see so many
Buckeyes get excited and turn out," Mr. Braaten said.

Ohio State has an especially notable fan presence in the Carolinas, where OSU
counts nearly 12,500 alumni between the two states.

So many Ohioans settled in South Carolina that Charleston's Single-A baseball
team held a promotional "Go Back To Ohio" night several years in a row, and the
phrase has made appearances on T-shirts and bumper stickers throughout the
South.

Though many Ohioans moved away, they took their fandom with them.

"I had a friend from high school who was from Ohio, and his mom is a die-hard
Ohio State fan, Cleveland fan," said Clemson offensive lineman John Simpson, who
hails from North Charleston, S.C.

"People from Ohio are die-hard about their sports. It's crazy."

Defensive tackle Michael Hill, the Buckeyes' lone South Carolinian, said Ohio
State fans often spot him no matter where he is traveling.

"Any time I go to the airport and fly places, people will stop me and say they
graduated from there or they have a son that goes there, or know someone who
does," Mr. Hill said. "Almost everyone has a connection to Ohio State."

The Ohio State presence in the South reached several players who eventually
became Buckeyes.

Buckeyes defensive end Tyquan Lewis, who is from Tarboro, N.C., was coached in
high school by an Ohioan, and joked that "his whole house and half of his office
is scarlet and gray."

While the Buckeyes were recruiting defensive end Jalyn Holmes, he visited a
Virginia restaurant that doubles as an Ohio State hangout.

He said seeing the fervor of the displaced Ohioans helped convince him to go to
Ohio State.

"I walked in and it was Ohio State, decked out," Mr. Holmes said. "I'm from
Virginia and I've never been to a Virginia Tech bar in Virginia, but I've been
to an Ohio State one. I was like, 'Wow, is it really that deep?'

"That stuck in my head. That was one of the reasons I came to Ohio State."

SEC and ACC schools remain by far the most popular teams in the South, though
Ohio State has claimed embassy-like status throughout most of the region.

Mr. Bambeck said his Hilton Head Island restaurant will be filled to capacity
for the Fiesta Bowl. Similarly, many homes in enemy territory will fly OSU flags
today.

The population shifted, but loyalties did not in most cases. Mr. Simpson, the
Clemson offensive lineman, said he doesn't begrudge any converted Ohioans for
moving to South Carolina.

"It's a great place," he said, shrugging his shoulders. "I can't blame them."

Contact Nicholas Piotrowicz at: npiotrowicz@theblade.com, 724-6110, or on
Twitter @NickPiotrowicz

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161231-TO-OSU-influence-reaches-deep-South-1231-20161231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

OSU influence reaches deep South

BYLINE: Nicholas Piotrowicz, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 830 words


Dec. 31--SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- When Ohio State alumnus Brian Bambeck opened his
South Carolina restaurant in 2002, like many Ohioans, he still wanted to watch
the Buckeyes play football on fall Saturdays.

Mr. Bambeck installed one television and hung an Ohio State flag at Mangiamo's
in Hilton Head Island, S.C., a resort community of fewer than 40,000 people. On
the first game day, he counted 23 fellow Ohio State fans.

As the weeks passed, more and more fans arrived on Saturdays. By the time the
Buckeyes opened the 2003 season, the pizza restaurant was completely overrun
with Ohio State fans hoping for a taste of home.

The outpouring of fans showed Mr. Bambeck that there was an Ohio State market --
even in the southeastern United States.

"We sold out of everything. I'm talking everything: I was borrowing kegs of beer
from people," Mr. Bambeck said. "Ever since then, it's been a piece of cake. I
knew I was onto something."

Many Ohioans have moved south in recent years, taking their affinity for
Buckeyes football into the hearts of the Southeastern Conference and Atlantic
Coast Conference.

While many Ohio cities have declined in population -- Cleveland alone has lost
44 percent of its population since 1950 -- most Southern states have boomed. The
U.S. Census Bureau estimated that the population of the Southern states grew 1.4
million from 2014 to 2015.

South Carolina, the home of Clemson, Ohio State's Fiesta Bowl opponent tonight,
has grown by 7.3 percent since the most recent census in 2010.

Part of the boom is directly tied to the Buckeye State. Ohio State University
counts 10 states among its southeast region, which is filled with nearly 49,000
graduates -- roughly four entire classes worth of OSU students who moved south
after college.

That number represents only the graduates for whom OSU's alumni association has
addresses; the real number is undoubtedly higher, and many Ohioans who did not
go to the school settled en masse in places like Charleston, S.C., Charlotte,
and Atlanta.

Brendan Braaten, the southeast's regional engagement officer for the OSU alumni
association, said the school regularly packs venues for game watch parties and
charity events throughout the region.

"It's very inspiring to be 500 miles from Columbus, Ohio, and yet see so many
Buckeyes get excited and turn out," Mr. Braaten said.

Ohio State has an especially notable fan presence in the Carolinas, where OSU
counts nearly 12,500 alumni between the two states.

So many Ohioans settled in South Carolina that Charleston's Single-A baseball
team held a promotional "Go Back To Ohio" night several years in a row, and the
phrase has made appearances on T-shirts and bumper stickers throughout the
South.

Though many Ohioans moved away, they took their fandom with them.

"I had a friend from high school who was from Ohio, and his mom is a die-hard
Ohio State fan, Cleveland fan," said Clemson offensive lineman John Simpson, who
hails from North Charleston, S.C.

"People from Ohio are die-hard about their sports. It's crazy."

Defensive tackle Michael Hill, the Buckeyes' lone South Carolinian, said Ohio
State fans often spot him no matter where he is traveling.

"Any time I go to the airport and fly places, people will stop me and say they
graduated from there or they have a son that goes there, or know someone who
does," Mr. Hill said. "Almost everyone has a connection to Ohio State."

The Ohio State presence in the South reached several players who eventually
became Buckeyes.

Buckeyes defensive end Tyquan Lewis, who is from Tarboro, N.C., was coached in
high school by an Ohioan, and joked that "his whole house and half of his office
is scarlet and gray."

While the Buckeyes were recruiting defensive end Jalyn Holmes, he visited a
Virginia restaurant that doubles as an Ohio State hangout.

He said seeing the fervor of the displaced Ohioans helped convince him to go to
Ohio State.

"I walked in and it was Ohio State, decked out," Mr. Holmes said. "I'm from
Virginia and I've never been to a Virginia Tech bar in Virginia, but I've been
to an Ohio State one. I was like, 'Wow, is it really that deep?'

"That stuck in my head. That was one of the reasons I came to Ohio State."

SEC and ACC schools remain by far the most popular teams in the South, though
Ohio State has claimed embassy-like status throughout most of the region.

Mr. Bambeck said his Hilton Head Island restaurant will be filled to capacity
for the Fiesta Bowl. Similarly, many homes in enemy territory will fly OSU flags
today.

The population shifted, but loyalties did not in most cases. Mr. Simpson, the
Clemson offensive lineman, said he doesn't begrudge any converted Ohioans for
moving to South Carolina.

"It's a great place," he said, shrugging his shoulders. "I can't blame them."

Contact Nicholas Piotrowicz at: npiotrowicz@theblade.com, 724-6110, or on
Twitter @NickPiotrowicz

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161231-TO-OSU-influence-reaches-deep-South-1231-20161231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

How Dixie is ruling the GOP

BYLINE: NC Nunn Scott

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 818 words


The Super Tuesday primaries underscore how super Southern our presidential
nominating process has become. This makes our way of picking standard-bearers
unrepresentative of the country as a whole. In particular, it sharply reduces
the influence of the great American Midwest even though the region s states are
among the most important general-election battlegrounds.

Southernization is a special problem for Republicans because their Southern
supporters tend to be far more socially conservative than the rest of the party
or the country. Southern politics is also more deeply polarized around race,
giving backlash candidates a leg up. The GOP s slide rightward creates electoral
difficulties for it in presidential elections and is the central factor in
Washington s inability to find consensus on much of anything.

True, the whole carnival starts in Iowa, which is as Midwestern as you can get.
But the caucus system gives more conservative Iowa Republicans an outsize
influence because white evangelicals play a disproportionate role in what is a
relatively low-turnout contest.

It is to the evangelicals  credit as democratic citizens that they organize,
mobilize and participate. But their civic virtuousness only makes the final
result less reflective of opinion in the party, in Iowa itself and elsewhere.

New Hampshire comes next, and its voters frequently reach verdicts at odds with
those Iowa renders. This means that South Carolina often plays a tie-breaking
role on the GOP side. Talk about shifting the dialogue right: The site of the
opening skirmish of the Civil War is not only one of the most conservative
states in the nation; it is also one of our most racially divided polities.

All of 1 percent of this year s Palmetto State Republican primary voters were
African American, according to a network exit poll   yes, 1 percent. Some 96
percent were white.

The matter of diversity is why the Southernized process is less problematic for
Democrats. Having the South vote early gives the party s large and loyal African
American constituency a significant role in choosing a nominee. In Hillary
Clinton s sweep of Saturday s South Carolina Democratic primary, black voters
cast about 60 percent of the ballots and gave her a margin of roughly 6 to 1
over Bernie Sanders, according to exit polls reported by ABC.

Pushing Nevada s voting dates up has diversified the calendar a bit, but now we
confront Super Tuesday. It includes primaries in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Yes, this Southern-fried,
hickory-smoked mix is leavened by primaries in Massachusetts and Vermont,
caucuses in Colorado and Minnesota, and, on the Republican side, a  preference
poll  in Alaska. But there s a reason the day is often called the  SEC primary,
after the Southeastern college sports conference.

Not until March 8 does a big Midwestern state (Michigan) vote, and not until
March 15 do Illinois and Ohio weigh in. Wisconsin doesn t hold its primary until
April 5, and Indiana will not be casting its ballots until May 3.

The Dixiefied calendar is now an issue in Republican presidential maneuvering,
with the possibility that the Midwest would be further disenfranchised.
Republican honchos may have presided over a party that  brought to life  and
fed  the  Frankenstein monster  they see in Donald Trump, as Robert Kagan wrote
in The Post recently. Never mind. The feckless establishmentarians now have the
temerity to tell Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he should do his part in their
belated anti-Trump operation by dropping out in support of Florida Sen. Marco
Rubio   even though Rubio has yet to win a single primary.

Kasich is saying no dice, and he is wholly right to insist that his own base be
heard from before he calls it a day. There s a strong case that Kasich is far
better prepared to be president than Rubio is, and that Kasich s tonally (and,
to some degree, substantively) more moderate brand of conservatism has more
appeal outside Republican ranks than Rubio s narrow conservative orthodoxy.

In any event, it s clear that if the GOP powers-that-be forced Kasich out before
Michigan and Ohio voted, they would be confirming for all to see that their
party has room only for Southerners (Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas) or, in
the case of Trump, Northerners who speak the Republican South s language on
immigration, race and nationalism.

High-minded thinkers regularly bemoan the sharp polarization of American
politics and wring hands earnestly over why this has come to pass. One of the
principal causes is the Southernization of Abraham Lincoln s party, and our
primary process makes it only harder for those who would reverse the trend.


E.J. Dionne is a columnist for The Washington Post.



Supporters hold signs for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump during
a South Carolina Republican primary night event in Spartanburg, S.C. AP
Photo/Paul Sancya

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. 5-13 NEWS Blotter::4

LENGTH: 511 words


bkm

Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department:

Amber N. Polley

, 19, of 639 W. Second St. #B on two warrants for failure to appear at 5:05 a.m.
Tuesday at East 17th Street and House Avenue.

James H. Eagle-Road

, 52, of 1711 Roundtop Road for public intoxication and unlawful entry onto
property at 11:34 p.m. Monday in the 1700 block of West Lincolnway.

Jesse R. Beasley

, 31, of 5411 Eastview St. on a warrant for failure to appear at 10:59 p.m.
Monday at mile marker 6 on northbound Interstate 25.

Justin D. Newberry

, 50, of 2538 E. Ninth St. for misdemeanor possession of marijuana, misdemeanor
possession of methamphetamine and being under the influence of a controlled
substance at 9 p.m. Monday at East 13th Street and Platte Avenue.

Herman L. Navarrete

, 49, of 1714 Copperville Road for driving under the influence of alcohol (DUI)
at 7:38 p.m. Monday in the 4500 block of Western Way.

Angelique Cruz

, 40, of 3437 E. 12th St. for domestic assault at 7:30 p.m. Monday at her
residence.

Francisco J. Torres

, 21, of 3400 South Greeley Highway #88 for misdemeanor possession of marijuana
and being under the influence of a controlled substance at 5:26 p.m. Monday at
East Ninth Street and Interstate 180.

Jeremy M. Keith

, 20, of 900 W. Fifth St. for misdemeanor possession of marijuana at 5:26 p.m.
Monday at East Ninth Street and Interstate 180.

Ronald Richtner

, 67, of Scottsbluff, Nebraska, for DUI and speeding in a construction or school
zone at 5:07 p.m. Monday at mile marker 19 on U.S. Highway 85.

Robert L. Meeks

, 31, of 505 Williams St. #260 on a warrant for failure to appear at 3:45 p.m.
Monday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Angela R. Tapia

, 36, of 514 Desmet Drive #901 on a warrant for protection order violation at
3:15 p.m. Monday in the 3300 block of East Lincolnway.

Grant J. Skarohlid

, 20, of 6103 Kevin Ave. for aggravated assault with injury at 9:23 a.m. Monday
at the Cheyenne Police Department, 2020 Capitol Ave.

Michael Langley

, 19, of 146 Carroll Ave. on warrants for conspiracy to commit unauthorized use
of a credit card and credit card fraud greater than $1,000 at 7 a.m. Monday at
West Third Street and Abby Road.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department:

Shelby R. Smith-Thompson

, 24, of Fort Collins, Colorado, for DUI at 2:43 a.m. Tuesday in the 200 block
of West College Drive.

Alexander J. Hitz

, 21, of Clearwater, Florida, for criminal trespass at 12:02 a.m. Tuesday in the
300 block of South Greeley Highway.

Ricky J. Wilder

, 40, transient, on a warrant for protection order violation at 2:05 p.m. Monday
at the Laramie County Government Complex, 309 W. 20th St.

Keith A. Beckwith

, 38, of 218 W. Ninth St. on a warrant for probation violation at 1:08 p.m.
Monday at his residence.

Police blotter

is a list of recent arrests compiled from public records in Laramie County. All
people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone listed who has a
charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or mail a court
document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway, Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

York County crime watch for 9/6

BYLINE: York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


District Judge Thomas J. Reilly's office covers North Codorus, Paradise,
Jackson, Manheim, Heidelberg and Codorus townships, Spring Grove, Seven Valleys,
New Salem and Jefferson. DISSOLUTIONS

Shawn M. Geesey: 581 Highland Road, Hanover; harassment; pleaded
guilty-sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Christopher Lippert: 4549 Walters Hatchery Road, Spring Grove; access device,
identity theft, possess access device knowing counterfeit; waived for court.

Megan R. Storm: 184 Center St., Hanover; use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
driving under the influence of a controlled substance, driving at safe speed;
waived for court.

Tanya R. Delapp: 3861 Hamme Road, Glenville, Pa.; theft by unlawful taking;
waived for court.

Thomas M. Wilkins: 100 Locust Lane, Thomasville; driving under the influence
-high rate of alcohol; held for court.

Jeffrey S. Smith Jr.: York County Prison; harassment; waived for court.

Carolyn A. Harris: 331 Courtney Court, Spring Grove; driving under the influence
-high rate of alcohol, restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived for court.

Douglas L. Markey: 1598 Lilac Road, York; driving under the influence-highest
rate of alcohol; waived for court.

David E. Hilty III: 4909 Lehman Road, Spring Grove; unauthorized use of
automobile; waived for court.

Jeffrey S. Smith Jr.: York County Prison; simple assault, terroristic threats,
harassment; held for court.

Michael Power: 248 Locust Lane, Thomasville; theft of services; held for court.

Gene E. Rehn Jr.: 8420 Bull Road, Lewisberry; simple assault, terroristic
threats, recklessly endangering another, resisting arrest; waived for court.

Jesse J. Jenkins: 23 Garden Lane, Hanover; driving under the influence-highest
rate of alcohol/combination of drugs and alcohol; waived for court.

Olivia N. Wagner: 6694 Steltz Road, Glen Rock; simple assault, harassment,
criminal mischief; held for court.

Thomas S. Gray: 6555 Steltz Road, Glen Rock; terroristic threats, simple
assault, recklessly endangering another, harassment; held for court.

Timothy B. Firestone: 66 W. Constitution Ave., Spring Grove; driving under the
influence-highest rate of alcohol; held for court in absentia.

David A. Williams: 8667 Orchard Road, Spring Grove; disorderly conduct; found
guilty-sentenced to pay fine and costs.

0

District Judge Robert A. Eckenrode's office covers East Manchester and Hellam
townships, Hellam, Manchester, Mount Wolf and Wrightsville.DISSOLUTIONS

Kellilyn N. Reigart: Manchester; endangering the welfare of children,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Ralph C. Granite: Dover; DUI, possession of a controlled substance,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia, consumption of alcohol by a minor; waived
to court.

Dakota L. Knaub: Mt. Wolf; possession of a controlled substance, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Steven S. Gillette: Mt. Wolf; illegal operating of vehicle without ignition
interlock; pleaded guilty.

Nathan A. Harlacker: Manchester; sell/furnish alcohol to a minor, use/possession
of drug paraphernalia, purchase/consumption of alcohol by a minor; held for
court.

Kristine A. Munoz: Mt. Joy, Pa.; DUI, turning movements and required signals;
waived to court.

Michael B. Cox: Elizabethtown, Pa.; DUI, use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Katie Lynn Chronister: Hellam; DUI, possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Charles R. Gleyze: Red Lion; DUI, careless driving, restrictions on alcoholic
beverages; waived to court.

Cleon W. Hilliar Jr.: York; dangerous dogs, confinement of dogs; found guilty.

Stephen D. Hennel: York; possession with intent to deliver a controlled
substance; held for court.

Derek M. Mann: York; possession of a small amount of marijuana; held for court.

Erik M. Shaffer: Wrightsville; DUI, careless driving; waived to court.

Matthew R. Carlo: New Cumberland, Pa.; DUI, possession of a controlled
substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, careless driving; waived to
court.

Adam J. Mong: Seaford, DE; DUI; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Global challenges await Obama;
There's hope, skepticism for second term

BYLINE: Sumi Somaskanda, Special for USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1071 words


Europeans say leadership from the United States will be critical to solving
global issues  such as the sluggish economies and conflicts in the Middle East
and expressed hope that President Obama will turn his attention to the world in
his second term.

"The U.S. has such an influence on the rest of the world," said Thomasina
Szemalikowski, a 45-year-old teacher in London. "I hope this result will have a
positive influence on Europe and the U.K. (United Kingdom) as we're in such an
economic mess."

In the British capital, a decked-out U.S. Embassy hosted a grand election night
bash, where Obama supporters enjoying McDonald's Big Macs and other American
fare roared with delight after the swing-state Ohio was called for the
president.

Prime Minister David Cameron congratulated Obama by tweeting, "Warm
congratulations to my friend @BarackObama. Look forward to continuing to work
together."

Chinese leader Wen Jiaobao called Obama to wish him luck, and German Chancellor
Angela Merkel wished Obama "continued strength and success in the second term"
in a direct letter to the president.

"I think the USA is still a role model for the rest of the world in a certain
way," said Stefan Gaertner, 29, who spent a year as an exchange student in a
Minnesota high school. "It's not the same as it was 15, 20 or even 30 years ago
but I still think that decisions made in the USA have an influence on the
world."

Obama will face a difficult task ahead globally. Among the challenges:

Iran's nuclear program. The Iranian mullahs have continued to enrich uranium to
weapons-grade despite warnings from the USA to stop. Sanctions promoted by Obama
for years have hurt economic activity in Iran but have not persuaded the regime
to end its nuclear program.

China. Asian nations are pleading with the USA to help curb China's expanding
territorial ambitions and the use of its growing military to force the region to
abide by its demands.

Middle East. The Arab Spring is turning into a takeover by the Muslim
Brotherhood, which has never been friendly toward American or Western influence.
The United Kingdom wants the United States to help end Syria's brutal military
operation against a rebellion that is spilling into Turkey and Lebanon,
threatening a wider conflict.

North Africa. Militant groups aligned with al-Qaeda have spread throughout the
region, in Mali, Nigeria, Somalia and Libya.

Europe. An economic crisis continues and may have an effect on the U.S. economy.
Another term for Vladimir Putin has brought with it a new wave of repression
against democratic activists as Putin opposed U.S. interests in numerous ways.

In Moscow, the Kremlin welcomed the election news cautiously and  Putin sent a
telegram of congratulations. On the streets, Russians were lukewarm at best.

"It doesn't really make much difference who is president, Obama or Romney," said
Oleg Korzin, 35, a Moscow businessman. "The U.S. will never be a genuine ally or
partner for Russia."

The results came late Wednesday morning Beijing time, when most of China was at
work.

"Most Chinese prefer Obama, as we know more about him. He's shown his ability
over four years," said He Minjuan, after posing for pictures at the event
between life-size cutouts of the two candidates.

Beijing-based democracy lobbyist Xiong Wei also offered Obama congratulations, a
request to visit China more, and a question. "How do you plan to promote China's
democracy and rule of law?" he wrote on the Sina Weibo microblog platform.

Iran's semi-official Fars news agency featured the headline "Republicans'
elephant crushed by Democrats' donkey" and gave no indication that it expected
anything good from a second Obama term.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu congratulated the president.

"I will continue to work with President Obama to ensure the interests that are
vital for the security of Israel's citizens," he said.

Israeli Deputy Speaker Danny Danon, a member of Netanyahu's Likud Party,
expressed the hope that Obama would "come together to combat the greatest threat
to freedom in our time," the Iranian nuclear program.

Danon also said he hoped that Obama would visit the  strongest U.S. ally in the
Middle East, something he has yet to do as president.

In Pakistan, where anti-American Islamist groups have found safe haven, Obama
has faced hostility for stepping up U.S.-led drone attacks on suspected
terrorist homes and camps. Other Pakistanis said they believe Obama has ignored
the major problems of Pakistan, such as corruption and poverty, while focusing
too much on Afghanistan, according to Pakistani daily newspaper, Dawn.

"In so far as our region is concerned, who the next incumbent is is really not
very material," wrote Dawn columnist Najmuddin A Shaikh.

The Mexico City newspaper Reforma said Obama should focus on economic matters,
calling on the president and Congress to address the pending "fiscal cliff"
that could negatively affect the U.S. economy and drag down Mexico with it.
Global surveys have shown that the president has fallen  from favor since  the
2008 elections.

A Pew Research Center study released in June showed global approval of Obama had
slipped dramatically, most significantly in Muslim countries and in China.

The study showed Muslims in the Middle East felt he did little to address their
issues, among them going after Israel, improving their economic lives or ending
military operations in Muslim countries.

"Obviously, there is a little disappointment because he could not have possibly
fulfilled the hopes and expectations that people had when he first came to
office," said Jan Techau, director of Carnegie Europe, the European Center of
the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

Still, Europeans in particular still hold Obama in high esteem, which Techau
said is especially curious given that Obama spent little time focusing on
Europe, instead setting his sights on China and the Middle East.

"There's not a lot of love coming back from Obama to the Europeans that love him
so much," Techau said.

Jocelyne de Letrain, 60, was among Parisians who cheered Obama's win.

"I don't think that Europe would have had a good relationship with Mitt Romney,"
she said. "It would have been two different points of views, two different
planets."

Contributing: Naomi Westland in London; Marc Bennetts in Moscow; Sarah Lynch in
Cairo, Calum MacLeod in Beijing, Michele Chabin in Jerusalem, David Agren in
Mexico City; and the Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday

Celebrities are discussing politics - but should they?

BYLINE: Joseph Mocharnuk; Voice Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 794 words


Celebrity endorsements of beauty products alter the standards for self-esteem,
while also sending subliminal messages to the most vulnerable members of society
about body image.

But every day, celebrities also proselytize about politics. Through social
networking, their thoughts can reach hundreds of thousands of malleable minds,
including teenagers approaching voting age. If celebrity spots in ads for makeup
and clothing can lead to societal misconceptions about body image, then how much
power do celebrities hold when they meddle in politics?

"Younger eligible voters are less in the habit of voting one way or the other
(i.e., for a given party) or of voting at all. They might be less set in their
views on some topics, too, and often will not have had any direct experience
with an issue, unlike older people," said Brian J. Gaines, a University of
Illinois at Urbana-Champaign political science professor.

Celebrities have the same free-speech rights as everyone else but they should
think twice before exercising that freedom, Gaines said.

"They should perhaps feel compelled to be well informed before they put their
fame behind a cause," Gaines said.

The massive fan bases celebrities build on Face-book and Twitter threaten to
encroach upon the equal representation of citizens in the upcoming elections.
Our forefathers made it clear that every-one's vote in this country should count
equally. If one man has the power to influence 100, 000 voters, the whole
concept of representative democracy is in peril.

The other problem with the undue influence of celebrities is the average voter
has the ability to influence the election only by contributing financial support
to his or her candidates. Celebrities can influence the minds of impressionable
fans without spending a dime.

Alec Baldwin recently unleashed a Twitter outburst against conservatives. He's
one of the few whose stardom and acting credits allow him to exert influence in
politics. But the actor's critics argue that unlike those in the upper echelons
of the government, the "30 Rock" star has no place pushing his political
ideologies.

Still, Gaines points out that celebrities talked politics long before social
media.

"The Internet has certainly made it easier for like-minded people to find one
another. It might have made it easier for a pop star or movie star to declare
views too, but they already had many ways to make themselves heard before the
information age," Gaines said.

Boldface names.

Political organizations still bring celebrities in to speak to donors. The
Sangamon County Republicans paid $15, 000 to bring rocker and conservative
activist Ted Nugent to Springfield in February. Many other celebrities have
weighed in on the 2012 presidential election, including Democratic supporters
Oprah Win-frey, George Clooney and Lady Gaga, and Republican backers Kid Rock,
Patricia Heaton and Jon Voight.

Josie Furlow, a 16-year-old junior at Lanphier High School, thinks celebrities
should invest their time and energy into awareness campaigns, not presidential
contests. Josie supports Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation, which seeks to
eliminate bullying and discrimination. She admitted Gaga sometimes talks
politics to her more than 29.5 million followers on Twitter and 55 million fans
on Face-book, but said celebrity interference in politics is a double-edged
sword.

"On one hand, celebrities can bring attention to certain issues and the needs of
certain people, but the down side is that they often end up pushing their
opinions down their fans' throats," Josie said.

Still, Josie challenged the claim that celebrities' support of politicians
serves as a huge booster.

"In the end, people are going to vote for the political candidate who best
represents their concerns, not the campaigner who is backed by a famous
celebrity," she said.

Obama played the Hollywood game in June when he dined with 25 stars as part of
his "Young America Effort." Many of the stars tweeted after the breakfast and
shared photos from the event.

The celebrities also aligned for the Republican and Democratic National
Conventions. Clint Eastwood drew criticism for talking to an empty chair at the
RNC, while a host of celebrities swarmed the DNC, including Eva Longoria and
Scarlett Johansson. While Johansson spoke fluidly in her address to the
convention, her speech was vapid and cliche.

The fact that both speakers received more air-time than some of the politicians
at the conventions is a testament to our country's preoccupation with the
famous. Instead of giving more floor time to people who actually had something
to say, they squandered it on A-list movie stars meant to appeal to different
demographics.

Joseph Mocharnuk is a senior at Sacred Heart-Griffin High School.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Actor Clint Eastwood addresses an empty chair at the Republican
National Convention in Tampa, Fla. AP FILE PHOTO/CHARLES DHARAPAK.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 6, 2008 Thursday

Russian pundits, politicians on expectations of Obama's presidency

LENGTH: 791 words


Excerpt from report by corporate-owned Russian Ren TV on 5 November

[Presenter] While the Democrats are celebrating victory in the USA, in Moscow
experts are trying to understand whether this is good or bad for Russia.
[passage omitted: background by presenter]

And now Obama has won. What should one expect from him?

[Sergey Rogov, director of the Institute for the USA and Canadian Studies at the
Russian Academy of Sciences] America will never agree with Russia having a zone
of influence or China having a zone of influence. The American interpretation is
that the entire world is the zone of influence of the USA and who has not hid
themselves - it is not my fault.

Therefore, sharp contradictions will remain between Russia and the USA,
including the attempt by the Americans to strengthen their positions in the CIS
countries and particularly the NATO enlargement.

[Genrikh Borovik, international journalist] I don't think that one should expect
for the foreign policy of the USA to sharply change for the better because here
the new president would observe caution. The Democratic Party was always careful
and very often it criticized the Soviet Union, back in these days, and later
Russia, more than, say, the Republican Party did.

[Gennadiy Zyuganov, head of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation
faction in the Russian State Duma] Obama has two advisers: [Zbigniew] Brzezinski
and Mrs [Madeleine] Albright, who never stood out with kind attitude towards
Russia, rather the other way round.

One has to look for a team who would think on the basis of realities of the 21st
century. For this one needs new people and new ideas and one has to remember:
without Russia there will be no stability on this planet. We have 2 per cent of
the population but nearly one-third of the resources of the plant. [Passage
omitted: presenter gives background]

[Presenter] However, one shouldn't really expect for the USA to give up, say,
its policy in the post-Soviet space.

[Aleksandr Sharavin, director of the Institute of Political and Military
Analysis] The Democrats are trying to spread their influence, certainly, in the
zone of influence of Russia, first of all the in post-Soviet space and during
the election campaign there were quite a few statements confirming this. I think
that interest would first of all be given to Ukraine and Georgia and I think
that the administration of Obama also does everything possible in order to pull
both Ukraine and Georgia into NATO as soon as possible.

[Sergey Karaganov, political analyst (and the head of the Foreign and Defence
Policy Council)] The fight for the post-Soviet space will continue. The question
is whether the new administration will push Ukraine and Georgia to NATO. This
will depend a great deal on who specifically will be on the post of the
secretary of state and the secretary of homeland security in the USA. There are
people who would push hard.

[Vladimir Zhirinovskiy, deputy speaker of the Russian State Duma, leader of the
LDPR (Liberal Democratic Party of Russia)] If the crisis is going to worsen, the
USA will need some kind of sharp escalation of the situation and they can go
through Obama for a sharp escalation of relations with Russia - for example,
they could escalate the situation in Ukraine, with regard to Russians, the
Crimea etc. and as a consequence of this, worsen the situation also in Europe,
start a fight with Ukraine, to escalate everything there. [Ukrainian President
Viktor] Yushchenko could play the role of [Georgian President Mikheil]
Saakashvili.

[Presenter] Many describe Obama as an American Gorbachev, meaning that he would
organize a perestroika of sorts. However, according to another vision, after
moving to the White House, Obama could review his views.

[Zhirinovskiy] He could sharply change everything in America and to become an
American Gorbachev. But he could also become an American Pinochet. Well, he
would not take the role on himself but his setbacks on international and
domestic markets could bring about a transition in the USA to a regime of
dictatorship.

[Karaganov] Obama has the reputation of a liberal, not of a radical liberal. It
is absolutely certain that he will not become a Gorbachev - he will not be
allowed to do this. What is more, during his election campaign Obama
demonstrated one wonderful characteristic - he is a great opportunist, he does
an excellent job of adjusting to the demands of a) the public and b) the
environment. He will not be a radical.

[Presenter] During his first foreign trip while a senator, in Russia, at
airport, he was detained by border guards for three hours. So Obama has not the
most pleasant memories of Russia from the past. [Passage omitted]

Source: Ren TV, Moscow, in Russian 2030 gmt 5 Nov 08

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 5, 2007 Monday

Crime Watch for 11/05/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 994 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Devin Washington, Hivner Road, Harrisburg; possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

James E. Stevens, Pines Road, Etters; forgery; waived to court.

Michel Aument Jr., Winding Hill Drive, Etters; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Eric Harris, Susquehanna Trail; simple assault; waived to court.

Derek Markle, Susquehanna Trail, Manchester; false reports; waived to court.

Timothy Baker, Bitternut Road, Mount Wolf; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Jason Anderson, Bull Road, Dover; driving under the influence; held for court.

Jimmy Hartley Jr., S. Front Street, York Haven; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Jeffrey White, Conley Lane, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Dean Gilbert, Wago Road, Mount Wolf; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Angela Wiley, Haslett Road, Joppatowne, Md.; retail theft; waived to court.

Daniel Belling Jr., S. Pershing Avenue; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Todd Myers, Pheasant Run Road, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Jason Martin, Rodgers Avenue, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Teresa Leber, Gettysburg, Dillsburg; theft of leased property; waived to court.

Roger Smith, Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; simple assault; waived to court.

Stephanie Jones-Sullivan, Benyow Lane, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Marci Guadagno, Salem Road, Etters; harassment; guilty plea.

Nicole Lightner, Holly Street, Harrisburg; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Patricia Crosson, Old Trail Road, York Haven; bad checks; held for court.

Tina Mundorf, Third Street, Harrisburg; theft by unlawful taking; held for
court.

Keith Dolan, Garriston Road, York Haven; simple assault; held for court.

Michele Burns, N. Conley Lane, Etters; bad checks; held for court.

Curtis Moyer, Mill Run Drive, Oceanview, Del.; aggravated assault; waived to
court.

J.C. Bodkins, Red Bank Road, Dover; aggravated assault; waived to court.

Julien Mathiew, Hellam Street, Wrightsville; forgery; sent to court of common
pleas.

Richard Lake, Miller Street, Dillsburg; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Monnie Shemonski, Miller Street, Dillsburg; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; held for court.

David Lehman, Carlisle Pike, Carlisle; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Steven Seibert Jr., Ross Avenue, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Debra Baublitz, Mall Road, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Melissa Juliana, Valley Street, Marysville; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Bryan Irwin, Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court.

Jason Hoffman, Ramblewood Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jessica Zeiders, Munich Street, Harrisburg; false identification to law
enforcement; held for court.

Mark Runk, Susquehanna Trail; corruption of minors; waived to court.

Wayne A. Logue, Lee Drive, Marysville; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Brenda Alvarez, A Ramsay Place, New Cumberland; driving unregistered vehicle;
waived to court.

Aleksander Triplett, Pine Tree Drive, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Sean Viccaro, Juniper Drive, Etters; corruption of minors; held for court.

William Keller, S. 4th Street, Newport; simple assault; held for court.

Nicholas Pottorff, Bank Street, Landisville; simple assault; held for court.

Shanice Stump, Sixth Street Harrisburg; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Nicholas Ritter, Allendale Way, Camp Hill; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
held for court.

Justin Schlupp, Hillcrest Circle, Etters; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Daniel Reichard, Hillcrest Circle, Etters; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Shawn Flournoy, Loring Court, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Idrissa Ilboudo, 17th Street, Harrisburg; conspire false report; held for court.

Jean Zongo, Midland Street, Highland Park; unsworn false authorization, written
statement; waived to court.

Shannon Lombardi, Fairmont Avenue, Wellsville; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jessica Christine, Fairmont Avenue, Wellsville; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Terry Norman Jr., Cassel Road, Manchester; loitering and prowling at night;
waived to court.

John Klinger, Market Street, Newport; theft by unlawful taking; fugitive.

Jay Kirchner, N. Main Street, Middleburg; bad checks-court case; waived to
court.

Michael Tobias, 3400 Concord Road; forgery; waived to court.

Joshua Seiple, 2519 Willipa Drive, Dover; possession of child pornography;
waived to court.

Mark Slaybaugh, S. Front St., Apt. 3, York Haven; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Mark Mahady, Lewisberry Road, Lewisberry; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Richard Burgoyne, Ammon Avenue, Elizabethtown; simple assault; waived to court.

Jeffrey Robbins, Heather Way; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Kevin Haring, S. York Street, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Brian Coyle, Pond Road, Harrisburg; theft by deception; fugitive.

Patricia Kaeppel, Mountain View Drive, Etters; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Robert Piatt, Old Trail Road, York Haven; accident involving damage to
unattended vehicle or property; waived to court.

Ray Collins, Sylvan Drive; intimidate witness/mislead testimony; waived to
court.

Kristopher Atkins, Cassel Road, Manchester; use of improper class of license;
waived to court.

David Kohn, Red Bank Road, Dover; simple assault; held for court.

Joseph Miller Jr., N. 2nd Street, Steelton; receiving stolen property; held for
court.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 26, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 445 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

KOOTENAI COUNTY

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for any information about the following people, who are
identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond
amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's
department at (208) 446-1300.

FELONIES

Joshua E. Hogan - 21, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/burglary, $5,000 bond.

Ricky D. Miles - 43, Bayview, failure to appear/possession of methamphetamine,
three days in jail.

Blake A. Parsons-Leen - 21, Coeur d'Alene, malicious injury to property, $10,000
bond.

Emmalee R. Shaw - 19, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, $30,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Matthew J. Carbury - 21, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation
violation/malicious injury to property, battery, trespassing, $10,000 bond.

Michael S. Euell - 26, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/disturbing
the peace, $1,000 bond.

Jaime  I. Gallegos - 46, Salt Lake City, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, failure to appear/driving under the influence, $20,000
bond, 20 days in jail.

Felicia A. Garrett - 47, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/driving
under the influence, $4,000 bond.

Wade A. Gertson - 25, Otis Orchards, Wash., failure to appear/battery, $2,000
bond.

Cikala  A. Goings - 24, Worley, failure to appear/possession of marijuana,
possession of paraphernalia, $5,000 bond.

Steven L. Gross - 40, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/possession of
paraphernalia, $10,000 bond.

Paul E. Hendricks - 28, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/false
imprisonment, $2,500 bond.

Gregory L. Hillis - 49, Plummer, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
invalid driver's license, $10,000 bond.

Kelley  S. Houser - 24, Spokane, failure to appear/insufficient funds checks,
$5,000.

Kathy S. Killarzoac - 49, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while
suspended, open container, driving under the influence, $5,000 bond.

Richard A. Lange - 21, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/carrying a
concealed weapon under the influence of alcohol, possession of paraphernalia,
minor in possession of alcohol, $1,000 bond.

Leonard L. Latting - 49, Spokane, misdemeanor probation violation/petty theft,
$10,000 bond.

Tina R. Morton - 34, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/possession
of paraphernalia, possession of a suspended driver's license, $10,000 bond.

Billy J. Ridenour - 28, Crescent City, Calif., misdemeanor probation
violation/driving while suspended (two counts), failure to appear /driving while
suspended, $17,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: *Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted
felons can be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home
page at http://co.kootenai.id.us/sheriff

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Official Records

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

DIAMOND LIL, 1935-2016;
Drag legend, 80, dies of cancer

BYLINE: Shane Harrison; Staff

SECTION: LIVING & ARTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 440 words



HIGHLIGHT: Performer's influence on scene in Atlanta lasted over 40 years.


Atlanta drag legend Diamond Lil, born Phil Forrester in Savannah on Dec. 28,
1935, has died at age 80.

The performer had been ill with cancer for more than a year and was moved into a
hospice care facility in recent months.

Her influence on Atlanta's drag scene is profound.

"Nothing could have prepared me for the first time I saw her perform,"
saidfellowperformer, friend and fan Lily White in a Facebook post. "Little did I
know that her talent and influence would change my life.Her love for her fans
never wavered, and her crazy outlook on loving each other and having fun is
still what I judge myself [by] to this day."

Lil moved to Atlanta in 1965, beginning her local performing career at Mrs. P's,
a restaurant and lounge in the basement of the Ponce Hotel, just up the street
fromtheSearsBuilding(nowPonce City Market).

Unlike many of her fellow drag performers, andthosesheinspired, Diamond Lil sang
in her own voice rather than lip syncing. She composed some of her own music,
too. So it's no surprise she released several albums, including "The Queen of
Diamonds,"and recorded popular song "Silver Grill Blues,"named

after a defunct Atlanta diner. "Whenever I sing [Silver Grill

Blues], you can hear a pin drop," said Lil in a 2006 interview with the Atlanta
Journal-Constitution. "Everyone just stops talking. People just have a place in
their heart for the Silver Grill."

Diamond Lil would later take her act to Sweet Gum Head on Cheshire Bridge Road
and other venues. In more recent times, she performed at Manuel's Tavern and
Mixx.

In later years, she wrote advice columns in free gay-centric Atlanta
publications, including Georgia Voice. And earlier this year, she offered advice
to marriage-planning couples in the publication's wedding issue. "Do you want to
put a blemish on your wedding by inviting negative relatives?" she asked.
"Remember these famous words: 'Convince a fool against his will. He's of the
same opinion still.'"

In 2014, Diamond Lil was voted best icon in Georgia Voice's Best of Atlanta
Awards.

LadyBunny, aChattanooga native who began her career on Atlanta's drag scene in
the '80s and later founded New York's festival Wigstock, recalls in a Facebook
post, " I got to see her with a full band at a club called TV Dinner on
Peachtree Street at the height of the New Wave era. I'll never forget reading an
interview in which she claimed, 'I wore gowns of simple crepe de chine so as not
to detract from my facial beauty.' (I think she was being grand in jest.) I
always thought she was magic."

Melissa Ruggieri contributed to this report.

(Box)

ON THE WEB

See a video of Diamond Lil performing on myAJC.com/living.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                                Regional Edition

How Dixie rules the GOP

BYLINE: E.J. Dionne Jr.

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 787 words

DATELINE: MADISON, WIS.


MADISON, Wis.

The Super Tuesday primaries underscore how super Southern our presidential
nominating process has become. This makes our way of picking standard-bearers
unrepresentative of the country as a whole. In particular, it sharply reduces
the influence of the great American Midwest even though the region's states are
among the most important general-election battlegrounds.

Southernization is a special problem for Republicans because their Southern
supporters tend to be far more socially conservative than the rest of the party
or the country. Southern politics is also more deeply polarized around race,
giving backlash candidates a leg up. The GOP's slide rightward creates electoral
difficulties for it in presidential elections and is the central factor in
Washington's inability to find consensus on much of anything.

True, the whole carnival starts in Iowa, which is as Midwestern as you can get.
But the caucus system gives more conservative Iowa Republicans an outsize
influence because white evangelicals play a disproportionate role in what is a
relatively low-turnout contest.

It is to the evangelicals' credit as democratic citizens that they organize,
mobilize and participate. But their civic virtuousness only makes the final
result less reflective of opinion in the party, in Iowa itself and elsewhere.

New Hampshire comes next, and its voters frequently reach verdicts at odds with
those Iowa renders. This means that South Carolina often plays a tie-breaking
role on the GOP side. Talk about shifting the dialogue right: The site of the
opening skirmish of the Civil War is not only one of the most conservative
states in the nation; it is also one of our most racially divided polities.

All of 1 percent of this year's Palmetto State Republican primary voters were
African  American, according to a network exit poll - yes, 1 percent. Some 96
percent were white.

The matter of diversity is why the Southernized process is less problematic for
Democrats. Having the South vote early gives the party's large and loyal African
American constituency a significant role in choosing a nominee. In Hillary
Clinton's sweep of Saturday's South Carolina Democratic primary, black voters
cast about 60 percent of the ballots and gave her a margin of roughly 6 to 1
over Bernie Sanders, according to exit polls reported by ABC.

Pushing Nevada's voting dates up has diversified the calendar a bit, but now we
confront Super Tuesday. It includes primaries in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Yes, this Southern-fried,
hickory-smoked mix is leavened by primaries in Massachusetts and Vermont,
caucuses in Colorado and Minnesota, and, on the Republican side, a "preference
poll" in Alaska. But there's a reason the day is often called the "SEC primary,"
after the Southeastern college sports conference.

Not until March 8 does a big Midwestern state (Michigan) vote, and not until
March 15 do Illinois and Ohio weigh in. Wisconsin doesn't hold its primary until
April 5, and Indiana will not be casting its ballots until May 3.

The Dixiefied calendar is now an issue in Republican presidential maneuvering,
with the possibility that the Midwest would be further disenfranchised.
Republican honchos may have presided over a party that "brought to life" and
"fed" the "Frankenstein monster" they see in Donald Trump, as Robert Kagan wrote
in The Post recently. Never mind. The feckless establishmentarians now have the
temerity to tell Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he should do his part in their
belated anti-Trump operation by dropping out in support of Florida Sen. Marco
Rubio - even though Rubio has yet to win a single primary.

Kasich is saying no dice, and he is wholly right to insist that his own base be
heard from before he calls it a day. There's a strong case that Kasich is far
better prepared to be president than Rubio is, and that Kasich's tonally (and,
to some degree, substantively) more moderate brand of conservatism has more
appeal outside Republican ranks than Rubio's narrow conservative orthodoxy.

In any event, it's clear that if the GOP powers-that-be forced Kasich out before
Michigan and Ohio voted, they would be confirming for all to see that their
party has room only for Southerners (Rubio and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas) or, in
the case of Trump, Northerners who speak the Republican South's language on
immigration, race and nationalism.

High-minded thinkers regularly bemoan the sharp polarization of American
politics and wring hands earnestly over why this has come to pass. One of the
principal causes is the Southernization of Abraham Lincoln's party, and our
primary process makes it only harder for those who would reverse the trend.

ejdionne@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                               September 21, 2011

Comhaltas trio set for US tour

SECTION:

LENGTH: 208 words


Kerry musicians Maura Walsh, Conor Moriarty and Róisín Ní Riain will be USbound
for most of next month, with the tour taking place between October 9 and 22.

The annnual Comhaltas tour of North America kicks off in Dublin on October 8 and
provides what the organisation describes as a 'fantastic showcase for all that
is best in Irish trad music, song and dance' for American audiences.

Maura Walsh teaches at Comhaltas's Scoil Éigse and is a 'gifted' concertina and
fiddle player, having won All-Ireland gold in 1992. Her influences are
well-known Kerry musicians Anne and Nicky McAuliffe as well as the late Diarmuid
Ó Catháin. Conor Moriarty is steeped in the music of Sliabh Luachra and an
All-Ireland champion on both the button accordion and melodeon. This is his
first tour with Comhaltas but has travelled with Siamsa Tíre and Brú Ború in the
past. Pádraig O'Keeffe is among his great influences.

Singer Róisín Ní Riain meanwhile came to national prominence when she won the
Ámhránaíocht na mBan competition at Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann last year and her
influences are Muiris Ó Scanláin, Fionnuala Ní Shíocháin and Ann Mulqueen.

Echoes of Erin will tour New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Boston, Buffalo,
Ohio, St Louis, Milwaukee and Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 13, 2010 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1261 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Forrest Emehiser, Post Falls, reported Wednesday the $410 theft of a pistol from
his home on the 1200 block of North Greensferry Road.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Lansing Haynes

Timothy R.D. Wilkins, 37, Post Falls; felony possession of a controlled
substance (habitual offender); five years determinate penitentiary time (credit
for time served), five years indeterminate penitentiary time.

Judge Scott Wayman

Joshua D. Lahti, 31, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $750 fine, $150
reimbursement for defense, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Craig W. Singer, 55, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Starla J. Dismukes, 39, Post Falls; driving under the influence (excessive,
second offense): $1,000 fine, 180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Jason D. Vanmatre, 30, Hayden; Count I: driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation. Count II:
driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (175
days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Nicholas D. Hart, 20, Hayden; battery-domestic violence without traumatic injury
against a household member; $1,000 fine ($800 suspended), 180 days in jail (149
days suspended), two years probation.

Judge James Stow

Timothy L. Koziol, 47, Spokane Valley; inattentive driving; $300 fine, $450
reimbursement for prosecution, 90 days in jail (84 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, one year probation.

Anthony R. Klein, 28, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $500 fine, six
days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 180 days driver's license
suspension.

Civil complaints

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Patricia Craycraft, seeking $1,937.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Victor Gongora, seeking $1,277.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Harry Wesselman Jr., seeking $1,370.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Douglas Tonning, seeking $1,117.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Cara Marshall, seeking $4,537.

Discover Bank v. Tim Bumgarner, seeking $9,987.

MST Financial Services LLC v. Eldon Bohle, seeking $1,138.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Mark and Liza Rose, seeking $1,426.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Stephen McKenzie and Kari McKenzie, seeking $4,106.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Vicki Robins, seeking $1,926.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Kenneth McDilda, seeking $1,305.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Robert Taylor and Julie Taylor, seeking $6,129.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Elma Phillips, seeking $1,959.

Betty Lokay v. Lake City Senior Center, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Napa Auto Parts v. Eddie Quist and Lori Payton Quist, fdba Q's Custom Rods &
Rides LLC, seeking $7,432.

Civil judgments

Inland Waterproofing Services v. Tyler Martin, plaintiff awarded $4,659.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Lacresta Wilkerson, plaintiff awarded $2,806.

Janice Carr v. Jennifer Langlitz, plaintiff awarded $2,310.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. David Adlard and Lisa Rennebaum-Adlard, plaintiff
awarded $1,341.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gregory Kemp, plaintiff awarded $1,291.

Numerica Credit Union v. Daniel and Crystal Bolyard, plaintiff awarded $9,473.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Michael Bright, plaintiff awarded $2,973.

HSBC Bank Nevada v. Alan Lyght, plaintiff awarded $8,144.

Dynamic Strategies Inc. v. Sheree and Gerald Cooper, plaintiff awarded $3,398.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Kenneth Stout, plaintiff awarded $1,829.

Capital One Bank v. Duane Jordan, plaintiff awarded $1,653.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Bonnie Fuller, plaintiff awarded $9,287.

CACH LLC v. Lori Welch, aka Laurie Welch, plaintiff awarded $2,058.

Civil dismissals

GMAC Inc. v. Ironhorse Development and Ronald Gibbs.

Monumental Group LLC and Patricia Hess v. Twin Lakes Village Property
Association Inc.

Marriage licenses

Kenneth D. Fickel Jr., of Hermiston, Ore., and Catrina A.B. Smalley, of Post
Falls.

Blake D. Fries and Amy M. Grant, both of Post Falls.

Omar A. Hernandez Sandoval and Breanna G. Deleon, both of Spirit Lake.

Dean J. Massender and Autumn C. Yarbrough, both of Spirit Lake.

Joseph R. Getchius and Ellie E. Kemp, both of St. Maries.

Geoffery A. Edmondson and Jenna A. Vindasius, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Eric J. Thompson and Christina J. Seiter, both of Spirit Lake.

Richard G.T. Watson III, of Spokane Valley, and Michelle Cumpton, of Moscow.

Scott M. Ellis and Lindsey A. Thurecht, both of Coeur d'Alene.

John A. Rhodes and Barbara E. Dugdale, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Thomas A. Laughton and Becky R. Johnson, both of Hauser.

Scott G. Slocumb and Elfrieda P. Benson, both of Hayden.

Robert S. Koehler and Bobbie Jo Little, both of Rathdrum.

Richard A. Allison, of Pendleton, Ore., and Stacie A. Jiles, of Moyie Springs.

Kyle W. Nagel and Andrea J. Kalas, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Matthew L. Douglas and Melissa M. Piephoff, both of Post Falls.

Timothy J. Parks and Kyla C. Ackerman, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Richard S. Nyquist, of St. Maries, and Barbara J. Douglas, of Hayden.

Travis J. Fuller and Shannon E. Smith, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Jared F. Lynn and Rachael L. Sheck, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Jonathan P. Traw, of Coeur d'Alene, and Chelsea L. Harrington, of Post Falls.

Daniel W. Voshall and Rainbow L. Glover, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Tomas L. Stone and Leah M. Crandall, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Steven G. Murphy and Janelle R. Paddack, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Tristan J. Harken and Jaime L. Harken, both of Post Falls.

Michael Kriss and Kathryn L. Dunbar, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Jeffrey A. Hutchinson and Amanda L. Samson, both of Hayden.

Daniel B. Harris, of Coeur d'Alene, and Stephanie Y. Norman, of Spokane Valley.

Matthew C. Hull and Kelsey R. Pettibone, both of Post Falls.

John G. Mahoney and Mary P. Eickman, both of Plummer.

Leif Yde Jr. and Roberta R. Matteson, both of Rathdrum.

Tyler A. Fouche and Tracey R. Brown, both of Post Falls.

Spencer M. Montague and Nichole J. Reinhardt, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Joseph W. Pena and Sharaya T. Irvin, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Timothy B. Welch and Lorraine B. Jamieson, both of Post Falls.

Ian S. McKenna and Rochel L. Sith, both of Hayden.

Kent D. Nelson and Deborah M. Hahn, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Henry A. Petersen and Jessica C. Silva, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Nicholas I. Fuson and Kimberly D. Keefe, both of Rathdrum.

Benjamin J. Adams and Jolene P. Johnson, both of Spirit Lake.

Josiah M. Drewien and Angela D. Palmer, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Sean T. Fuson and Kathryn C. Morris, both of Post Falls.

Larry L. Stromberg and Janet L. Deveny, both of Hayden.

Dean F. Hiatt and Viola V. Sargent, both of Bonners Ferry.

Lee R. Thompson III and Hallie N. Geist, both of Post Falls.

Mark A. Cavazos, of Spokane, and Nychole R. Cannon, of Coeur d'Alene.

Jeffrey L. Enders and Amy J. Shaw, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Divorces sought

Pamela N. O'Masters from Joseph M. O'Masters.

Jamie H. Knapp from Kyle M. Knapp.

James D. Marks from Kristen E. Marks.

Denise R. Leatherman from Brent L. Leatherman.

Loretta K. Galan from Job Galan-Picazo.

Divorces granted

Jerry D. Barker from Cheryl A. Barker.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 04/07/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 878 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Stephen Carroll, 14201 Saw Mill Court, Phoenix, Md.; underage drinking, public
drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Patricia Sheets, 461 Maple St., Manchester; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Dustin Depalmer, 115 Carbridge W, Stewartstown; tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Robert Panchisin Jr., RAP Insurance Agency Inc., 2323 Carlisle Road; employer
tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

James Wittig, 1503 W. Philadelphia St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Monika Curtis, 2061 S. Belvidere Ave., Baltimore, Md.; harassment; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Amber Riesenberger, 4965 Monclair Court, Harrisburg; harassment; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Ryan McShay, 273 W. Jackson St.; retail theft; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Amy Sollenberger, 385 Olde Hickory Road, Mount Wolf; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Inett Santana, 718 W. Princess St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Ronald Shaull, 777 Furnace Road, Airville; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Jaclyn Podwell, 1111 Fawn Grove Road, New Park; bad check; found guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Jasmine Malagon, 920 W. King St., Apt. 2; disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Luis Padro, 205 E. Philadelphia St.; disorderly conduct, public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jeffrey Lowry, 1243 W. King St., Apt. 212; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Rafael Ceja, P.O. Box 442, Thomasville; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Anthony Cherone, 1927 Poplars Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Kristi King, 3043 Knoll Drive, New Freedom; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

---
District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township.
DISPOSITIONS
Zachary R. Duke, 1400 W. Market St., Apt. 10; criminal mischief; pleaded guilty,
paid fine, costs and restitution.

Shelley Westphal, 1149 Margaret St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Alexander McKinney, 2300 Seneca Drive; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Ricardo D. Quintero, 811 Kelly Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving at
safe speed; waived to court.

Kristina L. Stough, 1443 Monroe St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, disregard
traffic lane, driving under suspension; waived to court.

John D. Stoltzfus, 11 Baer Ave., Intercourse; retail theft; waived to court.

Jayne H. Cornwall, 103 Manchester Road, Camp Hill; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Lisa Schriver, 905 W. Poplar St.; retail theft; held for court.

Abby N. Schon, 1353 Stonehenge Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, underage drinking, careless driving; waived to court.

Shane E. Dorsey, 5723 York Road, Spring Grove; intent to possess controlled
substance, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving under suspension; held
for court.

Jonathan E. Vasquez, 377 E. Jackson St., New Holland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jessica Bobrick, 1795H Yorktowne Drive; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Dennis L. Herbst III, 2361 Druck Valley Road; retail theft; waived to court.

Archie McRae, 2821 Spring Valley Road, Lancaster; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Lawrence A. Orsie, 1791 Devers Road; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Lynn A. Anstine, 38 W. 9th St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Jason K. Thomas, 841 Pennsylvania Ave.; retail theft; waived to court.

John R. Rushton, 221 E. Philadelphia St.; theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Eric Nemo, 745 Pacific Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Leon D. Galloway, 2075 Fish and Game Road, East Berlin; driving under the
influence: controlled substance; waived to court.

Deborah A. Herman, 1006 Lafayette St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property, intent to possess controlled substance, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Travis M. Trout, 6219 Lake Road; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Samantha J. Stauffer, 3560 Willow Road, Dover; defiant trespass, actual
communication; held for court.

Elizabeth K. Mause, 1732 Jefferson Road, Spring Grove; retail theft; waived to
court.

Connie M. Bonham, 121 Columbia Ave., Mount Joy; driving under influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, operate
vehicle without valid inspection, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Donald A. Almstrom, 26 N. 2nd St., McSherrystown; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
driving under suspension; waived to court.

Susan Elzey, NFA; retail theft, conspire to commit retail theft; waived to
court.

Ashley N. Wright, 4522 Rolo Court, Mechanicsburg; theft by unlawful taking;
waived to court.

Lori A. Wiles, 809 Center St., Mount Wolf; retail theft, conspire to commit
retail theft; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Crime Watch for 11/03/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 1646 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Town ship, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Jacob Culton, 4230 Druck Valley Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

John W. Martin, 8140 Hickory Road, Stewartstown; tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Carolyn Bull, 318 Centennial Ave., Nobleford, Alberta, Canada; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Amelia Jackson, 1419 Second Ave.; property maintenance; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Eric Wagner, 2801 Market St., Apt. 1, Camp Hill; harassment; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Michelle Fitz, 1269 W. Poplar St.; public drunkenness, open container in public;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Man heim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Robin Christine Thomas, 13 Gardenia Drive, Hanover; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, driving while operator's privilege is suspended or
revoked, careless driving; waived to court.

Nichole Jane Miller, 527 S. High St., Hanover; smell/inhale toxic releasing
substance; waived to court.

Amanda Lee Wonder, 5248 Pigeon Hill Road, Spring Grove; theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Christian Bryan Taughinbaugh, 710 Jessop Place; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, driving under the influence: controlled substance, following too
closely; held for court.

Brian Wayne Foster, 90 Fox Run Road, Hanover; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-metabolite, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
under the influence: minors (first offense), possession of marijuana,
possession/use of drug paraphernalia, liquor law; held for court.

Beverly Ann Brown, 29 N. Franklin St., Apt. 4, Waynesboro; theft of leased
property; held for court.

Alix Marie Grove, 5226 Pigeon Hill Road, Spring Grove; criminal conspiracy,
retail theft; waived to court.

Timothy Lee Noakes, 3390 York St., Manchester, Md.; possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Jorge Lupian-Lua, 9 Cleary Court, Abbottstown; accident involving damage to
attended vehicle or property, registration and certificate of title required,
unauthorized transfer or use of registration, careless driving; waived to court.

---
District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Town ship.
DISPOSITIONS
Robert W. Miller III, 3305 Village Court Drive, Dover; harassment; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jason A. Romani, 213 Crown Pointe Drive; retail theft, driving under suspension;
waived to court.

Joann Strenko, 2805 Oakland Road, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Jessica A. Horwedel, 174 Leedy Road, Spring Grove; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
careless driving; waived to court.

Michael E. Harmon, 1347 Old Salem Road; intent to possess a controlled
substance; waived to court.

Rosalinda Rivera, 4130 Bennington St., Philadelphia; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
speeding, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Justin E. Thomas, 2087 Carlisle Road, second floor;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, possession
of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, harassment; waived to court.

Ernesto W. Gallardo, 115 S. Main St., Dover; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment,
driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving under suspension,
careless driving; held for court.

Miguel A. Medina-Santiago, 422 Smith St., Apt. 2; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Danielle L. Weed, 441 Country Club Road, Apt. F9; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Todd S. Dawson, 1170 Canadochly Road; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Severo Gerena III, 801 W. Princess St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Derrick D. McMillan, 148N S. Queen St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Mark W. Miller Jr., 657 E. Market St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Jason K. McMaster, 1234 Baltimore St., Lot 3, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Rebecca R. Lewis, 23 W. Jackson St., second floor; theft by deception; pleaded
guilty.

Charles D. Gerber, 2319 Walnut Bottom Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Joshua L. Newport, 718 Prospect St., second floor; retail theft; waived to
court.

Jason Markley, 21 N. Sherman St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Justin A. Mathison, 450 Hoke St., Apt. G; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Angela D. Eyler, 3360 York Haven Road, Manchester; theft by deception, bad
check; held for court.

Joshua L. Newport, 718 Prospect St., first floor; retail theft; waived to court.

Edward Portlow, 381 W. Market St., Apt. 205; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance,
driving under the influence: general impairment, possession of marijuana,
careless driving; held for court.

Luis C. Alcantara, 3100 Eastern Blvd.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, careless
driving; waived to court.

Alecia A. Werner, 2405 Pine Road, Apt. 2; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Katie E. Miller, 226 N. Main St., Jacobus; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving over
divider; waived to court.

Zane M. Nelson, 225 Manchester St., Manchester; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

Richard J. Hoback Jr., 1907 Belleguard Drive, Jarrettsville, Md.; conspire to
commit retail theft; waived to court.

Gary Damen, 1228 Hill St.; harassment, disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Gaye Stover, 225 Ameda Drive, Jacobus; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Genevieve Maldonado, 4233 Plymouth St., Harrisburg; retail theft, false
identification to law enforcement; waived to court.

Matthew W. Peters, 219 Elbethel Road, Kings Mountain, N.C.; theft by deception,
theft of services; held for court.

Justin D. Noel, NFA; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Roman Woloshyn, 31 Willow Lane, Newington, Conn.; driving under the influence:
general impairment, careless driving, failure to stop at red signal; waived to
court.

David L. Hays II, 95-B Slatersville Road, Biglerville; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Scott D. Koch Jr., 4321 Conewago Road, Dover; criminal mischief, public
drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Tracey T. Heikes, 2617 Tamela Ave., Dover; terroristic threats, driving under
the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Lance Pokrifka, 2619 Emig Mill Road, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held for
court.

Abdiel Pabon-Matos, 414 S. Duke St.; owning/operating/conducting a chop shop,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

Kathleen M. Beecroft, 734 W. King St., Apt. 1; theft by deception, receiving
stolen property, bad checks; waived to court.

Stevi Jo Matheis, 1188 Tower Road; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Harry M. Meckley, 509 W. Philadelphia St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Nigel Sharp, 1620 Hilton Ave., Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under
the influence: minors (first offense), careless driving; waived to court.

Christopher D. Clayton, 2295 Carlisle Road, first floor; possession of
marijuana; waived to court.

Carolyn L. Weaver, 250 Conewago Road, East Berlin; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol;
careless driving; waived to court.

Benjamin A. Warren, 270 Sinking Springs Lane; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Michelle A. Pellegrino, 613 Country Club Road, Apt. C, Red Lion; driving under
the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Shane E. Dorsey, 5723 York Road, Spring Grove; retail theft; waived to court.

Edward P. Watson III, 309 Blue Ridge Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Jonathan S. Mitzel, 38 N. Tremont St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Omar K. Fowler, 1800 North Hills Road, Apt. 107; resisting arrest, driving under
the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, period for required
lights; waived to court.

Richard D. Christine Jr., 4511 Fox Run Road, Dover; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Bruce D. Garrett, 138 E. South St.; driving under the influence: controlled
substance; held for court.

Sean A. Riley, NFA; robbery, retail theft; waived to court.

Kayla M. Wellman, 27 Dewey St., Apt. B; theft of services; held for court.

Arthur F. Jenkins, 2010 Park St., Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment, failure to stop at red signal; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 7, 2007 Wednesday

Law Enforcement

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 231 words


State Police

DWI -- Manuel Rincon, 45, of Deming, was arrested for driving under the
influence.

DWIÊ-- John Wheeler, 37, of Deming, was arrested for aggravated driving under
the influence (second offense), no child restraint and possession of marijuana.

DWI -- Ramon Calderon, 29, of Deming, was arrested for driving under the
influence and having an open container.

Detention Center

Warrant -- William Browne, 32, no address listed, was booked on a district court
warrant for probation violation.

Possession -- James Wyda, 35, of Columbus, was arrested for possession of
methamphetamine. The arrest was by the Border Operation Task Force.

Columbus Police

Warrant -- Omar Carrillo, 19, of Deming, was arrested on a municipal court
warrant for failure to pay fines.

Warrant -- Cathleen Montoya, 43, of Albuquerque, was arrested on a Sandoval
County warrant for failure to appear.

Warrant -- Wesley Whittington, 49, of Santa Teresa, was arrested on a Mesilla
warrant for failure to pay fines.

Warrant -- Leroy Almanza, 30, of Deming, was arrested on a magistrate court
warrant for failure to appear.

Warrant -- Guadalupe Cano, 30, of Phoenix, was arrested for failure to appear.

Warrant -- Maria Jaquez, 25, of Scottsdale, Az., was arrested on a Dona Ana
County warrant for failure to pay fines.

Warrant -- Antonia Ortega, 20, of Deming, was arrested on a magistrate court
warrant for failure to appear.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2007 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  MC Influence

                               1611 Woodmere Way
                              Havertown,  PA 19083
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (610) 924-9419
URL: www.mcinfluence.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   MC Influence offers both powerful and productive seminars. They are a great
source for increasing your industry knowledge and expanding high-level networks.
Through MC Influence, some of the educational seminars include:   Â· Networking
Techniques Â· Target Marketing Â· Business Planning Â· Building a Networking
Group   MC Influence can help you find the resources needed to make your event
stand-out. Local and national speakers are available to us through the power of
our influence. Give us a call to discuss your needs and match them with our
resources.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

LENGTH: 625 words


FLORIDA

Hearing seeks answers about why freighter sailed into storm

JACKSONVILLE "" The captain of the doomed freighter El Faro emailed his
superiors asking about changing the route home the day before his ship sank in a
hurricane near the Bahamas, according to testimony Tuesday at an investigative
hearing.

The email from Michael Davidson asked whether he could take a slower route home
from Puerto Rico through the Old Bahama Channel after trying to outrun Hurricane
Joaquin. The El Faro never made it that far. The ship sank Oct. 1 after losing
propulsion while sailing from Jacksonville to Puerto Rico, killing all 33
aboard.

Investigators are seeking answers about who bears responsibility for the ship
sailing into a hurricane.

RHODE ISLAND

College students stage sit-in, cite campus racism

PROVIDENCE "" About 50 students at a Catholic college staged a sit-in at the
president's office Tuesday over allegations of campus racism.

The Providence College students said the Rev. Brian Shanley hasn't responded to
a list of demands they presented to administrators in December. The students,
primarily black, said they planned to stay until Shanley signs an agreement of
commitment.

The Providence Journal reported that Shanley refused to sign the agreement and
offered to meet with the students Wednesday.

A handful of students left Shanley's office, but most stayed. They said they
were told the police were called but wouldn't come as long as the protest
remained peaceful.

CALIFORNIA

Ex-pilot pleads not guilty to flying under the influence

LOS ANGELES "" A former Alaska Airlines pilot has pleaded not guilty to flying a
jetliner while drunk.

City News Service says David Arntson entered a plea Tuesday in Los Angeles to a
federal charge of operating a passenger plane while under the influence. He's
free on bond and could face up to 15 years in prison if convicted.

Prosecutors say the 60-year-old Newport Beach man was legally under the
influence when he piloted two Alaska Airlines flights in 2014. One plane flew
from San Diego to Portland, and the other from Portland to John Wayne Airport in
Orange County, Calif.

Authorities say tests after the flight indicated Arntson's blood-alcohol level
was well above the legal limit of 0.10 percent.

OHIO

Township to drop case against "[#x2dc]Zombie Nativity'

CINCINNATI "" A suburban township is dropping its court case against a man
charged with zoning violations for his holiday "Zombie Nativity" scene, an
official said Tuesday.

Jasen Dixon's display had ghoulish figures in place of the baby Jesus and others
who would be in traditional Christmas Nativities.

Sycamore Township officials said he violated rules about an improper "accessory
use" structure housing the nativity scene in his front yard.

Dixon was facing thousands of dollars in fines, but his defense argued the
township was trying to suppress his freedom.

TEXAS

Bat infestation forces closure of emergency room

KILGORE "" An emergency room has been closed because small bats began to spread
through the building.

In a statement posted Tuesday night on the Kilgore Police Department social
media pages, Good Shepherd Medical Center said "a number of small bats" moved
into the Longview, Texas-based hospital's free-standing emergency room in nearby
Kilgore. The bats had moved into the building's walls and ceilings, with some
migrating into the area that receives ambulances.

Good Shepherd says it's working with the City of Kilgore, which owns the
building, and Allegiance Specialty Hospital, with manages it, to get the bats
removed. In the meantime, Good Shepherd decided it's in the best interests of
its patients and staff to suspend emergency medical services in the building
until the bats can be removed.

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Dangers of speed and alcohol not always seen;
Many boaters don't recognize hazards under the influence

BYLINE: Larry Copeland, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 616 words


Nearly five years after her daughter, Tiffany Heitkamp, was killed in a
drunken-boating crash in New York's  Adirondacks, MaryJo Heitkamp-France  of
Syracuse still breaks down when she talks about that night.

"It will always be real fresh," Heitkamp-France says, her voice cracking. "She
loved children, and children loved her, just gravitated to her. She was
beautiful and vivacious, popular and sweet. She was an only child."

Heitkamp-France, who owns a boat and a lake house, says she knew about the
dangers of boating under the influence before the tragedy. "I've seen how
relaxed people get when they're out on the water in their boat," she says.
"People's mentality is very different than when they're driving. They don't
apply the same safe attitude to being on the water, even though they're in a
vehicle that doesn't even have brakes."

Many recreational boaters don't recognize the potential hazards of piloting a
boat after knocking back  a few drinks; others resent being told what they can't
do during their leisure time, experts say. In some ways, the national attitude
about boating under the influence is similar to what it was 25 years ago toward
drunken driving.

Oklahoma state Sen. Bill Brown, a Republican, led efforts to lower his state's
legal blood-alcohol level for boat operators from .10% to .08%, the legal limit
for drivers in every state. He says it was eye-opening to learn how deadly it
can be to pilot a boat while intoxicated.

"Since 2003, we've had 102 incidents involving alcohol, with 52 people killed in
those incidents," he says. "So if you're in an incident that involves alcohol,
you stand a 50% chance somebody in your boat is going to get killed."

Nationally, 19% of fatalities on the water are attributed to alcohol, the Coast
Guard says. John Fetterman, director of law enforcement for the National
Association of State Boating Law Administrators, says more police agencies each
year participate in the organization's Operation Dry Water, a crackdown on
boating under the influence modeled after drunken driving campaigns. This year's
campaign is  Friday through Sunday.

"The problem is, 20-30 years ago, there weren't that many boats out there, and
they weren't that fast," says Maj. Chris Huebner, North Carolina's state
boating-safety coordinator.

Speed and alcohol both were factors in Tiffany Heitkamp's death, authorities
say.

Around 1:30 a.m. on July 23, 2006, Heitkamp was on a 19-foot speedboat on Fourth
Lake near Old Forge, N.Y., that crashed into Alger Island State Campground.

The boat was going so fast that it left the water, flew over the shoreline,
crashed through some trees and came to rest 150 feet from the water. Four other
passengers were injured.

State police said the boat operator, Keir Weimer, swam away after the crash and
was arrested at his family's camp  a quarter-mile away; he had a blood-alcohol
level of .10%.

In November 2006, Weimer, then 24, expressed remorse and accepted full
responsibility for Heitkamp's death. He pleaded guilty to vehicular manslaughter
and was sentenced to two to six years in state prison.

Weimer also had two drunken driving convictions, but under New York law, they
could not be considered in his sentence because they occurred in a car and not a
boat. Heitkamp's family and friends began pushing for "Tiffany Heitkamp's law,"
which would allow courts to consider any previous drunken driving conviction,
regardless of vehicle type.

"The second offense, no matter what type of vehicle, needs to be a felony," says
state Sen. John DeFrancisco, a Syracuse Republican who has worked since 2006 to
close the loophole. His bill passed the Senate and is pending before the
Assembly.

Target: drunken boaters, 1A

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Michelle Gabel By Michelle Gabel for USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday

Obituary: Robert B Parker: Prolific novelist and an important influence on
American crime fiction

BYLINE: Michael Carlson

SECTION: GUARDIAN OBITUARIES PAGES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 1051 words


The late 1960s saw a Raymond Chandler revival in the US, and in 1973 Robert B
Parker's novel The Godwulf Manuscript introduced Spenser, a modern version of
Chandler's detective, Philip Marlowe. In addition to the literary reference
behind his character's name, Parker, who has died aged 77, borrowed Chandler's
first-person narration, wisecracking dialogue, and his detective's strong moral
code. A flowering of neo-Chandler writing followed.

Spenser operated in the criminal backwater of Boston, in Parker's home state of
Massachusetts, rather than the favoured crime-fiction locations of New York and
Los Angeles. Soon, writers such as Jonathan Valin, Loren Estleman and Michael Z
Lewin were basing hard-boiled heroes in Cincinnati, Detroit and Indianapolis.
Thirty-seven Spenser novels later - including one featuring a young Spenser,
published for the juvenile market - Parker has been undoubtedly the most
important influence on the American detective novel in the past three decades.

Like Marlowe, Spenser was an investigator for a district attorney before
political corruption drove him into private practice. We never learn Spenser's
first name. Originally intended to be David, after Parker's older son, it was
dropped entirely rather than offend the author's younger son, Daniel. Parker
also dropped Marlowe's idealism for a tougher realism that is close to Dashiell
Hammett's Sam Spade or to Ernest Hemingway, another strong influence.

A number of times, Parker's heroes bring to mind Hemingway's story Up in
Michigan, when they take young men (or women) into the wilderness to learn about
life. His first non-Spenser novel, Wilderness (1979), like James Dickey's
Deliverance, updates Hemingway's themes. Spenser is also a war veteran - tougher
than Marlowe, more like Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer. Unlike his predecessors,
Spenser has a long-term partner, the psychiatrist Susan Silverman, and he can
cook, as proficient with pesto as with a pistol. Spenser and Silverman's
relationship, despite ups and downs including the pair living apart, reflected
Parker's own marriage. Every one of his books was dedicated to his wife.

Parker was well versed in his chosen genre's history, having written his PhD
dissertation on Chandler, Hammett and Ross Macdonald. He was born in
Springfield, Massachusetts, meeting his future wife, Joan, when they were just
three. The two met again as students at Colby college, in Maine, and married in
1956, after Parker had returned from military service in Korea. He received an
MA from Boston University in 1957, worked as a technical and advertising writer,
and then turned to teaching, eventually becoming a professor of literature at
Boston's Northeastern University, while completing his 1971 doctorate at Boston
University.

Parker's academic background shows up in his books, beyond naming his hero after
the 16th-century poet. The relationship between Spenser and his black sidekick,
Hawk, reflects the classic pairings of James Fenimore Cooper's Hawkeye and
Chingachgook, or Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn and Jim. Several times in the
series, Spenser mentions the historian Richard Slotkin, whose books on American
myths of violence, such as Gunfighter Nation, obviously influenced Parker.
Parker taught until 1978, and The Godwulf Manuscript was one of many books he
set at universities or elite New England prep schools. Spenser delights in
deflating pompous academics with his unexpected erudition. Parker told one
interviewer: "I'd been in the infantry in Korea and met some pretty bad people,
but many, maybe most of the people I met in university life were the worst
people I'd ever met."

Although his close contemporary George V Higgins delved more deeply into the
dark sides of Boston, Parker's version quickly became the one through which
America saw the Hub City. His fourth Spenser novel, Promised Land (1976), won
the Edgar award for best mystery novel and led to a television series, Spenser:
For Hire, starring Robert Urich, which was first aired in 1985 and ran for three
seasons. It also led to a series focusing on Spenser's sidekick, A Man Called
Hawk. With Joan, Parker wrote for the TV series BL Stryker (1989-90), starring
Burt Reynolds. They earned an Emmy nomination for one script. Urich returned as
Spenser in four TV movies between 1993 and 1995, with Parker and his wife
writing some of the scripts, while three more TV movies featured Joe Mantegna in
the lead role.

These TV projects did not distract Parker from his books - he became even more
prolific. He completed Chandler's unfinished Marlowe novel, Poodle Springs
(1989), and wrote a sequel to The Big Sleep called Perchance to Dream (1991). In
1997 he began a series featuring Jesse Stone, former baseball player and now
police chief in Paradise, Massachusetts. Stone's tormented relationship with his
ex-wife makes him the id to Spenser's ego. Two years later, Parker introduced
Sunny Randall, a female detective created as an unrealised film vehicle for the
actor Helen Hunt. During the nine novels of the Stone series and the six Randall
books, the two meet and become lovers. Although his books became slighter as
they appeared more frequently, Parker's ability to sketch in scenes and
characters quickly, usually through dialogue, kept them entertaining.

In 2002 Parker received the Grand Master award from the Mystery Writers of
America, and he was such an institution in Boston that there are popular tours
of Spenser locations. In publicity photos he usually posed in a leather jacket,
with a Boston Red Sox baseball cap. In his 2005 novel, Double Play, a detective
is hired to protect the baseball player Jackie Robinson while he integrates the
professional game - a young fan named Robert Parker features in the book.

Like Hemingway, Parker considered writer's block to be an excuse for laziness.
He died of a sudden heart attack at his desk, working on his customary five
pages a day. He is survived by Joan and his two sons. A new Jesse Stone novel is
due in February, the fourth in his western series follows in May, and two more
Spenser novels are apparently with his publishers.

Robert Brown Parker, novelist, born 17 September 1932; died 18 January 2010

Captions:

Parker's ability to quickly sketch in scenes and characters kept his novels
entertaining Photograph: AP

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 4/4/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Tara R. Murphy, 5075 Murphy Lane, Spring Grove; retail theft, theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

Fredrick S. Rawling, Sharps Village, Lot 101; retail theft, false identification
to law enforcement; held for court.

Tyleta Sweeney, 479 W. Princess St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Rodrick Hevner, 1880 Woodberry Road; driving under the influence; drugs, vehicle
registration suspended, operating vehicle without required financial
responsibility, careless driving; waived to court.

Timothy D. Butcher, 1866 Pineview Drive; driving under the influence, careless
driving; waived to court.

Oscar L. Herrera Jr., 190 Rhonda Drive; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Jeremy E. Zimmerman, NFA; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Daniel M. McIntyre, P.O. Box 7581; retail theft; held for court.

Harry Colon II, 315 Cedar Village Drive; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Shawn M. Dellinger, 1640 Lisburn Road, Wellsville; underage drinking; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Melissa Daley, 1640 Lisburn Road, Wellsville; underage drinking; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Jessica K. Wells, 126 Pine Hollow Drive; bad check; pleaded guilty, time served.

Francis E. Myers, 40 Beshore School Road, Manchester; corruption of minors;
waived to court.

Erika A. Gaffney-Boyer, 908 N. 18th St., Harrisburg; theft by deception, bad
checks; waived to court.

Roger A. Chisnell, 1735 Bannister St.; driving under the influence; accident
involving damages, careless driving; waived to court.

Rodney S. Koller, 1774 Seven Valleys Road; driving under the influence;
following too closely; waived to court.

Christian Florea, 3131 Jessica Road, Dover; driving under the influence; driving
under suspension, careless driving; waived to court.

Amber L. Mummert, 5242 Rockery Road, Spring Grove; retail theft; held for court.

Heather L. Luckenbaugh, 2470 Warwick Road; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Mary A. Shorts, 549 Locust Grove Road; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Kristie L. Smith, 4071 Fox Run Road, Dover; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Tracey Klunk, 8 E. Hanover St., Hanover; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine
costs and restitution.

Jeffrey J. Jacobs, 170 Sportsman Neck Road, Queenstown, Md.; retail theft;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Shane A. Smith, 9365 Carlisle Road, Wellsville; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine costs and restitution.

Gary Damen, 240 E. Maple St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

John V. Corasaniti III, 2466 N. George St.; disorderly conduct; found guilty,
time served.

Shamika R. Drummond, 626 Roosevelt Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Timothy W. Pent, 2263 Locust Lane; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Richard A. Grubb, 263 E. College Ave.; bad check; pleaded guilty, time served.

Beneda D. Johnson, 632 W. Philadelphia St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine, cost and restitution.

Seth A. Duncan, 3680 Fox Chase Drive; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Tannisha Fuentes, 662 E. Princess St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

John R. Stoppard Jr., 2421 Herman Drive; criminal mischief; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Henry Bush, 272 W. Cottage Place; bad checks; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Ronald R. Evans Jr., 329 Winthup Drive, Lancaster; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Sarah W. Hannan, 1800 Austin Lane; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Vantashia M. Beady, 21 S. Dewey St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

David M. Dacheux III, 150 Old School Lane, Manchester; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Robert M. Ruth, 239 N. Christensen Road; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Matthew Cherry, 855 Country Club Road, Apt. B7; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jonathan Aponte, 450 Hoke St., Apt. P; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    December 12, 2003 Friday, FINAL Edition

DISTRICT COURT

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; DISTRICT COURT; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 700 words


The following people were found guilty in Portland District Court. Only cases
that include a jail sentence or fines of at least $150 are included. The dates
refer to the time of the infraction.

Bradway Trucking Inc., of Vineland, N.J., failing to obtain operating authority
license, 10/22/03, $200.

Samuel J. Cook, 27, of Portland, failure to register vehicle, 10/2/03, $300.

New England Sign Supply Co., of Woburn, Mass., duty status not current, 9/25/03,
$250.

Alvin Purdie, 52, of Fayetteville, N.C., duty status not current, 10/8/03, $250.

Deborah A. Sande, 42, of Norway, operating after suspension, 8/13/03, $200.

Jesse S. Bettinger, 23, of Brunswick, operating after suspension, 6/24/03, $200.

Jessica L. Boyden, 20, of Lisbon Falls, operating after suspension, 11/3/03,
$400.

Mallery E. Brewer, 18, of Portland, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
11/7/03, $250.

Angela Burns, 30, of Richmond, operating under the influence, 5/24/03, two days
in jail, license suspended 90 days, $500; operating after suspension, 5/24/03,
$200.

James L. Coffman, 36, of Westbrook, operating under the influence, 9/25/03, four
days in jail, license suspended 90 days, $500; operating vehicle without a
license, 9/25/03, $150.

Miles Comparetto, 19, of North Yarmouth, operating under the influence, 11/9/03,
license suspended 90 days, $400.

Matthew Conley, 18, of South Portland, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
10/31/03, $250.

Miguel Cosme, 22, of Portland, operating under the influence, 9/27/03, license
suspended 90 days, $400; operating vehicle without a license, 9/27/03, $150.

So Danh Danh, 45, of Portland, duty status not current, 10/8/03, $250.

Tammy Elliott, 30, of Portland, leaving scene of motor vehicle accident,
10/28/03, $150.

Kenneth Hallee, 46, of Portland, assault, 11/9/03, $400.

Paul Clayton Homes, 30, disorderly conduct, 12/8/03, $150; criminal trespass,
12/8/03, $150.

David M. Hopps, 35, of South Freeport, operating under the influence, 7/17/03,
license suspended 90 days, $700.

Michael Ith, 20, of Portland, operating under the influence, 9/20/03, license
suspended 90 days, $400.

Ryan W. King, 20, of South Portland, motor vehicle speeding: 30+ MPH, 9/17/03,
$300.

Gerald L. Lavoie, 48, of Dsl De Sainte Andre, operating without duty record,
10/22/03, $500.

Noah E. Leether, 22, of Westbrook, operating under the influence, 9/16/03, four
days in jail, license suspended 90 days, $600.

Vannary Ngean, 19, of Portland, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
11/7/03, $350.

Diane M. Scamman, 52, of Limerick, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
11/3/03, 30 days in jail, all suspended, one year probation.

Gale S. Smith, 32, of Saco, driving to endanger, 10/25/03, $350.

David Wayne, 18, of Westbrook, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
11/3/03, $250; theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, 11/8/03, $500.

Nathan Wiesner, 26, of Hollis, operating after suspension, 7/6/03, $200.

Thomas S. Wilmont, 22, of Yarmouth, possessing marijuana, 9/17/03, $400.

Meagan J. Young, 18, of Windham, theft by authorized taking or transfer,
11/6/03, $250.

William A. Austin, 20, of Windham, possessing marijuana, 10/12/03, $200.

Harry Charles Bishop, 22, of Portland, assault, 7/27/03, 12 hours in jail, $200.

Justin C. Blais, 19, of Saco, operating after suspension, 9/17/03, $600.

John E. Breen, 33, of Portland, assault, 5/18/03, 90 days in jail.

Ryan B. Cottle, 19, of Biddeford, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
10/19/03, 30 days in jail.

Leo Dyer, 45, of Portland, obstructing public ways, 12/9/03, four days in jail.

Edward Hebert & Sons, of Lewiston, inadequate safety device, 11/17/03, $100;
rule violation Z, not listed prior, 11/17/03, $100.

David R. Nichols, 47, of Portland, theft of services, 12/3/03, five days in
jail, $40 restitution; criminal trespass, 12/3/03, five days in jail; violating
condition of release, 12/3/03, five days in jail.

Steven L. Piso, 37, of Groton, Mass., operation without duty record, 10/22/03,
$500.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday
                               Advertiser Edition

A lot to swallow: Youth and the alcohol debate

LENGTH: 1024  words


Ita Buttrose's call to raise the drinking age is backed by research detailed in
Drink, a new book by US journalist and academic Anne Dowsett Johnston which says
stress, abuse and parental drinking all influence kids.

THERE are many consequences to drinking young, not the least of which is
vulnerability to sexual assault. Says David Jernigan, from Johns Hopkins School
of Public Health in Baltimore: "If you drink before age 15, you're four times as
likely to become alcohol dependent than those who waited until they were
twenty-one; seven times as likely to be in a motor-vehicle crash after drinking;
eight times as likely to experience physical violence after drinking; eleven
times more likely to experience other unintentional injuries like drownings and
falls. The bottom line? There's a strong public health interest in delaying the
onset of drinking".

"Kids who start early are just different," says Richard Grucza, a renowned
alcohol epidemiologist at the Washington University School of Medicine in St.
Louis, Missouri. His response is emphatic: "Drinking early is a very strong risk
factor for alcoholism. Hundreds of studies show this. In fact, there is a 25 per
cent increase in risk for alcohol dependence in those who drink at an early
age." Research shows there are influences that make a young person vulnerable to
starting young. A recent British study reports that the odds of a teenager
getting drunk repeatedly are twice as great if they have seen their parents
under the influence, even a few times. In fact, according to Jernigan, the
number one influence is the way parents drink. Ask Ali, twenty-two, why she
started drinking, and she cites two reasons: because it looked like fun when her
parents drank, and it seemed like a good way to deal with her crippling anxiety.

At thirteen she started drinking vodka before class. At fourteen she switched to
Canadian Club whiskey: "When you're fourteen, it's a joke to take CC to school
in a water bottle". Andrew Galloway, a prominent Toronto interventionist, says
younger girls are catching up to young men at an alarming rate-and they often
drink for different reasons than boys.

"Guys drink for the buzz and to be social. Girls drink because of lack of
self-esteem, to cope, to feel a part of-and because of peer pressure. If I had a
dollar for every time I heard 'I do the same thing as my friends,' I'd be a rich
man. My answer? Get new friends." "It's easy to capture the trends," says
Elizabeth Saewyc, one of the lead researchers on a recent Canadian study
exploring early alcohol use among adolescents. "The multimillion-dollar question
is: can you capture the 'why'? But there are clear triggers," she says.
"Ten-year-olds don't just voluntarily decide to use alcohol." Several key
factors help tip the scales as to whether a person will drink at an early age.

Number one: a history of sexual or physical abuse, or trauma. "If this is your
history," says Saewyc, "you are far more likely to start at twelve or younger.
If we could eliminate all violence-bullying, sexual and physical abuse, sexual
harassment-we could prevent sixty-six percent of binge drinking in twelve-to
eighteen-year-olds.

Sexual abuse accounts for 20 per cent of binge drinking, and sexual harassment
for 50 percent.

If we want to get a handle on problematic drinking in adolescence, we have to
focus on violence in our society." Other key factors related to early drinking:
a mental health condition or a chronic physical issue, poverty, identifying as
gay, lesbian, or bisexual. "They are more likely to be targets of violence,"
says Saewyc, "and more likely to have problems drinking." Another factor is a
family history of attempting suicide. Females who start drinking at a younger
age are more likely to report experiencing extreme despair, purging after
eating, having suicidal thoughts, and having attempted suicide.

Those who are likely to wait until they are fifteen or older include those who
are more connected to family, have friends with "healthy attitudes about risky
behaviors," and have meaningful community engagement of one sort or another. For
girls, two other elements are important: cultural connectedness and involvement
in organised sports.

Not surprisingly, those who delay their drinking initiation are more likely to
have postsecondary aspirations, some connection to a teacher or their school,
and are less likely to have unprotected sex.

Starting to drink too early matters for a multitude of reasons, not the least of
which is that the still-maturing brain is particularly susceptible to heavy
alcohol use.

In an ideal world, each young person would educate themselves on their own
vulnerability to alcohol. I ask David Goldman, chief of the laboratory of human
neurogenetics at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, in the
United States, about the role of genes in developing alcohol dependence. Says
Goldman: "We can say because of the twin and adoption studies on alcoholism that
there is a moderate to high heritability: we know that genes play a strong role.
About half the reason a person becomes an alcoholic-half of the liability- is
genetic." Still, says Goldman: "The strongest single predictor for both
alcoholism and depression is having been sexually abused or traumatized in
childhood. Genes mediate vulnerability, and there is a series of genes that
affect anxiety and emotionality. If a young woman had this gene plus early life
stress exposure, the probability of alcoholism increases twofold. And, as Saewyc
points out, "Alcohol is the number one date-rape drug. Sexual and physical
assault have an impact on hazardous drinking, and drinking to cope-which has a
horrible spiraling feedback loop. Potentially, binge drinking exposes the
individual to more violence.

"Those who have experienced sexual violence are more likely to binge drink, and
this opens the opportunity to revictimization.

"Most will grow out of their binge drinking-but a subset will not survive, or
they will have diminished opportunities. And others will develop alcoholism."
This an edited extract from Drink, by Ann DowsettJohnston, published by
HarperCollins, $29.99

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

`I lived for the gramophone';
Love of jazz brought Hugh Masekela from Africa to New York City ... and stardom

BYLINE: Richard Duckett, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 757 words


`By the time I was 9, I knew I was going to New York some day," reflected
trumpeter and singer Hugh Masekela.

He had grown up in apartheid-era South Africa enamored by music even as the
sound of the hated coal train could also be heard. "I couldn't get away from the
gramophone. I lived for the gramophone," he said. After seeing the 1950 movie
"Young Man With a Horn," starring Kirk Douglas as an American jazz trumpeter
(based on the legendary Bix Beiderbecke), Masekela wanted to play the trumpet.
In New York.

"I was in a New York state of mind," Masekela said. Against what must have been
formidable odds, he made it there, studying at the Manhattan School of Music. "I
came for the education and I got that during the golden era of jazz," he said.

So he picked up a lot of influences? Masekela paused during a recent telephone
interview.

"I came with many influences," he said.

Masekela will be bringing many influences when he performs with his six member
band on Thursday at The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts. It is likely
the band will power through jazz, funk, rock and soul and Afrobeat/hi-life. One
uniting element will be energy. At 72, Masekela is still described as a
powerhouse live performer. A review by the Guardian newspaper of a Masekela
concert in Gateshead, England, stated "The grooves are so infectious that even
the venue's stewards are dancing."

"It'll be a mix - old and new," Masekela said of Thursday's show. Three of the
members of the group are outstanding young musicians from Cape Town, he said.
"We play tightly."

Masekela's old and new has included a number one Billboard hit (the instrumental
"Grazin' in the Grass"), touring with Paul Simon in support of "Graceland,"
collaboration in theater (Sarafina!"), writing anthems like "Bring Him Back
Home" for Nelson Mandela and excoriating political numbers such as "Coal Train"
("And when they hear that Choo-Choo train/They always curse, curse the coal
train,/The coal train that brought them to Johannesburg."), and exploring World
Music.

Another common denominator is simply that Masekela feels possessed by music, he
said.

"I've been a musician 67 years." He started playing the piano when he was five.
When he wasn't listening to the gramophone he was in the street singing with
other children. With all the music he absorbed growing up, "music really
obsessed you. Bedeviled you."

He's not going to stop performing music now.

Asked about being 72, Masekela had another interesting answer. "I always say to
people, `What do you suggest I do, sit on the porch and help the cobwebs spin
around me?'" He said he also writes, acts, produces theater, teaches and is
involved in a lot of community work. He cited, without further explanation, the
title of the Soul II Soul 1989 single, "Keep on Movin.'"

Masekela lived for a long time tateside but formally moved back to South Africa
21 years ago as the transition in the country to democracy and majority rule was
under way (the first universal elections were held in 1994).

"For a country that's going to be 18-years this year, we're not doing too badly.
We're certainly not being harassed by police anymore," he said of the current
state of affairs in South Africa. On the other hand, he observed it was in the
interests of some big businesses to see the landscape change because doing
business with a world that condemned apartheid was increasingly difficult.

"They were pariahs," Masekela said.

"South African businesses are now making nearly five times more ... My question
is how much cash do you need?"

However, in response to a question of whether music must have a political
message, he replied "I'm not into it for that."

Masekela is originally from the Kwa-Guqa Township in Witbank in a coal mining
region. Witbank has been renamed "place of coal."

But even in the grimmest days, there were people trying to help.

After Masekela decided he wanted to play the trumpet, the famous anti-apartheid
Anglican Archbishop Trevor Huddleston helped him get one. Huddleston would also
assist in arranging for Masekela to study abroad.

As he knew he would, Masekela took to the instrument right away.

"I already knew the mechanics. In less than a week I was playing something,"
Masekela said.

"It encouraged other boys, and I started a band. We became famous in the
country."

He was a young man with a trumpet, and a future.

Hugh Masekela

When: 7:30 p.m. Thursday

Where: The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts, 2 Southbridge St., Worcester

How Much: $25-$45; discounts available. (877) 571-7460;
www.thehanovertheatre.org

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1) Jazz musician Hugh Masekela will perform Thursday at the Hanover Theatre for
the Performing Arts in Worcester. (2) The cover to Hugh Masekela's 2010 album,
"Jabulani."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              July 18, 2010 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

DUI CHARGE FILED IN DEPUTY'S DEATH

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 358 words


ST. PETERSBURG

A Clearwater man faces charges of driving under the influence in connection with
a March crash that involved a Pinellas deputy.

Bryan Edward Fondrick, 42, was arrested Saturday morning on charges of driving
under the influence and possession of a controlled substance.

According to the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office, Fondrick was under the
influence of prescription drugs on March 17 when he hit a prisoner transport van
driven by Deputy Gary Breest.

Breest was stopped at a red light at 54th Avenue N and 49th Street in St.
Petersburg when Fondrick struck him.

Fondrick had two nonprescribed oxycodone tablets in his vehicle, officials said.

Jail records show he was released on a bail Saturday evening.

* * *

TAMPA

Unconscious man rescued from the bay

Rescuers pulled an unconscious man out of Tampa Bay on Saturday afternoon after
his boat capsized near the Howard Frankland Bridge.

Allen M. Biggs, 51, of Tampa was taken to St. Joseph's Hospital, said Gary
Morse, a Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission spokesman. He was in
serious condition Saturday night.

Officials from the wildlife commission, the Coast Guard, Tampa police and the
Pinellas County Sheriff's Office searched for other survivors for three hours
before Biggs regained consciousness and told them he was alone on the 28-foot
Larson, which hasn't been recovered.

"In these cases, jurisdiction is irrelevant, " Morse said. "Everyone pitches in
to help."

* * *

BANGOR, Maine

Riverview flier indicted in scare

A federal grand jury has indicted a 27-year-old Riverview man on two charges
relating to a trans-Atlantic flight being diverted to Bangor, Maine.

Derek Stansberry is scheduled to be arraigned July 28 in U.S. District Court in
Bangor, the Bangor Daily News said. He was indicted on charges of interference
with a flight crew, giving false information and making threats.

Prosecutors say Stansberry passed a note to a flight attendant saying he had a
fake passport and told air marshals that he had dynamite aboard a
Paris-to-Atlanta flight April 27.

His attorney said his actions were out of character and that he has no criminal
record.

He is free on $20,000 bail.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 20, 2010



CORRECTION: CORRECTION: Pinellas sheriff's Deputy Gary Breest survived a crash
in which the van he was driving was struck by a vehicle on March 17. The driver
of that vehicle, Bryan Fondrick, was charged with DUI. A headline Saturday about
the charge incorrectly said the crash had been fatal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday

Touching memorial held for slain artist

BYLINE: By Alex Molloy, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 563 words


OAKLAND

ABOUT 250 family members and friends packed the chapel at the Baker-Williams
Mortuary on Wednesday to honor Oakland artist Casper Banjo, whose influence
touched both young and old.

The internationally recognized artist exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art in
New York and in a Smithsonian traveling exhibit, and his work is being reviewed
by the Library of Congress.

But it was not his international fame that filled the 250-person capacity
chapel. It was the mark Banjo made on the Oakland community.

"It's not very often that you can get someone that unique that is around in a
community for that long of a period of time that has that much of an effect,"
artist Duane Deterville said. "He had an influence on artists young and old."

"He just loved people, he believed in the gathering of people, he expressed his
love of people through art," his niece Akili Banjo said.

Banjo's history spanned cross-country from Memphis, Tenn., where he was born, to
St. Louis and Oakland. Over70 years, Banjo's life also spanned from the pressed
crispness of the U.S. Marine Corps to the paint-matted overalls of an artist.

After moving west with his siblings in 1953, he attended Oakland Technical High
School. After high school, he enlisted in the Marines, where he was honorably
discharged in 1957. He went on to receive an associate's degree from Laney
College and bachelor's and master's degrees from San Francisco Art Institute.

Banjo was active in several organizations within the Oakland art community,
including Black Filmmakers, Pro Arts, the Center for Visual Arts, Society for
Printmakers, and National Minorities with Disabilities Coalition.

"His influence goes back to the earlier days, particularly for black artists
because he was in a number of art groups to bring up some of the organizations
that are pretty strong today," friend and artist TheArthur Wright said.

As he lay in his open coffin, blanketed with an American flag, Minister Marilyn
Harris led a response-filled sermon and friends and family related stories,
songs and poems.

"Let me feel you, let me hear you, cause that's how Casper was, he was a feeling
person," said friend Safi Niarobi, encouraging people to speak out during the
service.

Obsessed with the texture of a brick wall from his time spent in St. Louis,
Banjo was well-known for prints and abstract art that featured this pattern.

"He created a visual language that transcended through that brick wall, it was
also (a) historical wall and social wall, it was a wall of racism, it was a wall
of prejudice against disability," said Art Hazelwood, a colleague at the Center
for Visual Arts, during the service.

Last year, Banjo underwent a quadruple bypass heart surgery and was placed on a
number of medications.

"He even created in the hospital; we even brought his art supplies," Wright
said. "He was one of the few artists that I have ever known, who was 24 hours
involved with art and art creating. I have never seen anyone so consumed with
(art) as he was."

Banjo was fatally shot by Oakland police March 14 after he pulled a replica gun
on officers. Friends and family were surprised by his death and say it may have
had to do with the combination of medicine he was taking for his heart and
epilepsy.

"I don't really think that he's gone anywhere," Wright said. "He's up there
lying in that box and I think he's still about to jump up and go (wink)."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, Gerald Williams, Akili Banjo, and Todd Walker say their
final goodbyes to Casper Banjo, 71, who was shot by the Oakland Police
Department on March 14, 2008, during Banjo's funeral at the Baker-Williams
Mortuary in Oakland, Calif., on Wednesday, March 26, 2008. A brick lays next to
Banjo's head since Banjo was affectionately called "The Brick Man" because he
remained fascinated with bricks his entire life and the brick textures and
motifs permeated throughout his artwork. Banjo said that the bricks used to
remind him of St. Louis, a city he spent a good portion of his life in. (Alison
Yin/Oakland Tribune)
Akili Banjo, center, says her final good-bye to her uncle Casper Banjo who was
shot by the Oakland Police Department on March 14, 2008. Family, friends and
members of the local art community attended a funeral for Banjo to both
celebrate and mourn his loss of life at the Baker-Williams Mortuary in Oakland,
Calif., on Wednesday, March 26, 2008. (Alison Yin/Oakland Tribune)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday

Bremer grants given to local agencies

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE

LENGTH: 327 words


A Bismarck woman has been charged with driving under the influence after hitting
a marked Highway Patrol unit and another vehicle while allegedly driving under
the influence of alcohol.

Melissa A. Rohrich, 28, was given a traffic citation for driving under the
influence Friday night, said Bismarck Police Lt. Dan Donlin.

He said Rohrich was northbound on Airport Road around 9:30 p.m. Friday and made
a right turn to head east on Main Avenue. Two vehicles were sitting in the left
turn lane at the intersection, waiting to turn south onto Airport Road, Donlin
said.

Rohrich's 1989 Honda clipped a 1990 Buick driven by a 71-year-old Bismarck
woman, then struck a 2006 Ford, which was a marked North Dakota Highway Patrol
unit driven by a trooper, Donlin said.

He said Rohrich was booked for DUI and released on bond after the wreck.

Rohrich's Honda sustained an estimated $2,000 damage, the 1990 Buick had $1,000
damage, and the Highway Patrol unit had $800 damage, Donlin said.

- Jenny Michael

Among the 101 grants authorized at the May meeting of the trustees of the Otto
Bremer Foundation were these local nonprofit groups:

3 Bismarck State College Foundation - $68,400 for a statewide outreach and
educational initiative to address the demand for clinical laboratory technicians

3 Guardian and Protective Services Inc., Bismarck - $12,000 to purchase office
equipment, furniture and assist with moving expenses

3 Legal Services of North Dakota, Bismarck - $145,000 over two years to expand
services to clients in northwest Minnesota

3 North Dakota Association of Nonprofit Organizations, Bismarck - $41,806 over
two years, for a statewide public policy plan

3 North Dakota Fair Housing Council Inc., Bismarck - $6,095 to improve board
governance

The Otto Bremer Foundation is a private charitable foundation established in
1944. Beneficiaries must reside in the states of Minnesota, Wisconsin or North
Dakota, with preference given to those in regions served by Bremer Banks.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 18, 2002 Tuesday

NUBS OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 731 words


BIRTHS Medcenter One Son, Michelle Vetter and Ramon Thomas, Bismarck, 7:36 a.m.,
June 17. Daughter, Denise and Jason Klipfel, Fort Yates, 9:01 a.m., June 17.
Elsewhere Son, Ray and Beth Longo, Minneapolis, June 16. Grandparents are Jim
and Sharon Wilson, Bismarck, and Gernon and Donna Longo, Omaha, Neb.
Great-grandparents are Kermit and Nina Heen, Williston, Laura Wilson, Minot,
Bernie Sheehan, Phoenix, Ariz., and Amy Longo, Omaha, Neb. Daughter, Dawn and
Jeff Eickman, Grand Forks, June 15. Grandparents are Mavis Anderson, Bismarck,
and Larry and Janet Eickman, Grand Forks.

DEATH St. Alexius Medical Center Anne Franz, 84, Bismarck, 2:35 p.m., June 17.
(Eastgate Funeral Service, Bismarck)

CRIME STOPPERS Call Bismarck Area Crime Stoppers at 224-TIPS (224-8477) to
report information about any crime in Bismarck, Mandan, Burleigh County or
Morton County. Information can be given anonymously and you may be eligible for
cash rewards if the information leads to an arrest.

COURT POLICY Nubs of the news information comes from district and municipal
courts in Burleigh and Morton counties. In nubs of the news, the Tribune
publishes all felony sentences; and misdemeanor sentences with fines of $500 or
more and/or a jail term, including suspended sentences.

COURTS Morton County Judge Burt L. Riskedahl Driving under suspension: Michael
J. Wetsch, 32, 5220 Highway 6, Mandan, four days. Jimmie D. Ward, 24, Mound
City, S.D., $250, 20 days suspended for 18 months. Minor in possession or
consumption: Rodney Lansing, 21, Bismarck, 10 days suspended for 18 months, $50
court fee. Jebadiah S. Swenson, 21, Rapid City, S.D., $200 and 30 days, 28 days
suspended for 18 months, also unlawful delivery to certain persons: two counts
of $200 and 30 days, 28 days suspended for 18 months, jail time served
concurrently. Driving under the influence: Chad J. Tibke, 31, Fargo, $375, $100
and 10 days suspended for one year. Driving under the influence (second
offense): Curtis L. Weishaar, 29, 4313 Crown Point Road, Mandan, $500 and 30
days, 25 days suspended for 18 months. Alden D. White Lightning, 29, 1316 N.
16th St. No. 10, $500, also driving under suspension: 10 days. Judge Donald
Jorgensen Driving under the influence: Kenneth E. Molash, 43, Selfridge, $375,
$100 and 10 days suspended for one year. Judge Robert O. Wefald Driving under
suspension: Thomas M. Bird, 31, 2112 E. Divide Ave. No. 102, 14 days. Driving
under the influence: Julian Hofstad, 60, Grand Forks, $275 and four days, three
days suspended for one year. Judge Benny A. Graff Unlawful possession of drug
paraphernalia: Pamela L. Bravebull, 26, 1007 Portland Drive No. 6, 30 days, 25
days suspended for one year. Preventing arrest or discharge of other duties:
Mitchell R. Mastel, 20, 807 Fifth Ave. N.E., Mandan, 45 days, also minor in
possession or consumption: 30 days, jail time served concurrently. Judge Gail
Hagerty Insufficient funds: Edgar L. Morris, 31, 911 E. Sweet Ave., $25, 30 days
suspended for two years, restitution. Driving under suspension (fourth in five
years): Sasha L. Oster, 22, 305 Buckingham Place, $125 and 180 days, 175 days
suspended for two years. Judge Bruce B. Haskell Disorderly conduct: Bradley
Linderkamp, 18, 1901 Second St. N.E., Mandan, 15 days.

POLICE/SHERIFF Burleigh County House fire: An oversized light bulb in a fixture
caused over $2,000 in smoke damage Friday night to a home 13 miles northeast of
Bismarck, 12550 71st St. N.E. Sparks from wiring spread to the attic insulation
causing it to smolder. No flames were detected. Firefighters pulled down the
Sheetrock ceiling and removed vents from the roof to ventilate the smoke.
Bismarck Theft: Sometime between Saturday night and Sunday morning $4,000 was
stolen from a safe at A&W Restaurant, 304 E. Front Ave. Police suspect internal
theft because there was no forced entry into the restaurant or the safe. The
case is under investigation.

BEG YOUR PARDON If you spot an error that significantly changes the meaning of
any Tribune news story, please call the metro editor at 250-8251.

TIMES FOR CALLS The hours for handling calls for obituaries and nubs of the news
are 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. The phone numbers are 250-8240 or 888-313-2240, the fax
number is 223-2063 and the e-mail address is obits@ndonline.com. The e-mail
address for obituary pictures is phototech@ndonline.com. Obituaries may be
edited for grammar and style.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               September 20, 2001

BLAME TIGHT TROUSERS ON FATTY GENES

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL DAY HEALTH EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 374 words


ARE you having trouble losing weight? Does the waistband of your trousers seem
tighter and do the scales appear to groan every time you step on them? Then stop
punishing yourself and tuck into some chocolate, because scientists say you are
not necessarily to blame. Those fatty genes could be the fault of your
ancestors, they claim. This means that if you want to do away with doughnuts and
fried breakfasts, you could be fighting a psychological losing battle. "Changing
these factors is equivalent to trying to change one's breathing, " said
psychologist John de Castro. His discovery comes from a study of identical and
non-identical twins. He guessed that if genes exert a strong influence on eating
patterns, adult identical twins would have very similar dining preferences even
if they lived apart. Such similarities would be less common in non-identical
twins, who do not share identical genes. To test this theory, de Castro's team
at Georgia State University in Atlanta asked 110 adult identical twins and 155
adult non-identical twins to keep a seven-day diary of their eating habits, as
well as how hungry they felt before and after each meal. The team reports in New
Scientist magazine that identical twins were nearly twice as likely to enjoy
similar dining habits as non-identical twins, even though all the people
involved in the study lived apart. The identical twins showed strong
similarities in the time of day they preferred to dine, how much they ate, and
whether they felt full or hungry before and after the meal. The fraternal twins
did not share similar eating habits. This suggests that upbringing has little
influence on dining tastes, said Mr de Castro. "I have yet to see evidence that
early environment and upbringing have any influence at all on what people eat as
adults, " he says. Instead he believes it is genetics that influence our diets.
"If you look at single gene factors the effect is very small, " he said. "But if
you combine them, the total genetic factor is very large." He said that apart
from direct metabolic effects, genes could influence how much we socialised and
how many people we tended to eat with. "And we know that people in large groups
tend to eat a lot more, " he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2001 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 30, 2012 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SENATORSS TARGET DRUGGED DRIVING

BYLINE: Compiled from news services

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 679 words


ALBANY, N.Y. -- The federal government should help police departments nationwide
obtain the tools and training needed to attack a rising scourge of driving under
the influence, two U.S. senators said Sunday.

Democratic Sens. Charles Schumer of New York and Mark Pryor of Arkansas proposed
that federal funding in a pending transportation funding bill be used for
research and to train police. They said police have no equipment and few have
training in identifying drugged drivers, who don't show the same outward signs
of intoxication as drunken drivers do, such as slurred speech.

"Cops need a Breathalyzer-like technology that works to identify drug-impaired
drivers on-the-spot -- before they cause irreparable harm," Mr. Schumer said.
"With the explosive growth of prescription drug abuse it's vital that local law
enforcement have the tools and training they need to identify those driving
under the influence of narcotics to get them off the road."

Mr. Schumer said drugged driving arrests rose 35 percent in New York since 2001,
but he says that's a fraction of the cases.

The Democrats cited a 2009 federal report in which 10.5 million Americans
acknowledged that they had driven under the influence of drugs. Mr. Schumer said
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reported that in a 2007
roadside survey, more than 16 percent of weekend and night-time drivers tested
positive for illegal prescription drugs or over-the-counter drugs. Eleven
percent of them were found to have taken illegal drugs.

The administration also found that a third of 12,055 drivers tested who died in
car crashes in 2009 had used drugs.

5 found dead in Alabama

BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -- Police found five people dead inside a Birmingham home when
they arrived early Sunday morning to investigate a possible robbery, authorities
said.

Police Sgt. Johnny Williams said officers arrived around 3:30 a.m. after getting
a call that a robbery was in progress and soon discovered the five victims. He
told reporters that investigators are interviewing potential witnesses but so
far have made no arrests.

The victims were not immediately identified, nor was the cause of death
released. Birmingham authorities launched a homicide investigation and police
believe more than one person was involved in the crime.

Deadly train crash probed

SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Investigators on Sunday were trying to determine what
motivated the driver of a sport utility vehicle to ignore a downed crossing arm
and flashing lights and pull the vehicle into the path of an oncoming commuter
train in Sacramento.

Three died after the Saturday afternoon collision south of downtown, including a
21-month-old boy.

One of the four people inside the Nissan Pathfinder remained in the hospital
Sunday at the University of California, Davis Medical Center in Sacramento,
where she was being treated for serious injuries.

Authorities also were trying to sort out the relationships of those involved and
were not releasing their identifications.

Hero honored in New Jersey

HACKENSACK, N.J. -- The nation's oldest Medal of Honor recipient, a World War II
Army veteran who fought in the Battle of the Bulge, marked his 95th birthday
Sunday.

A party was held for Nicholas Oresko of Cresskill, N.J., a U.S. Army master
sergeant and Purple Heart recipient who single-handedly wiped out two enemy
bunkers near Tettington, Germany, on Jan. 23, 1945. He is credited with killing
12 German soldiers. He refused to leave the area until he was sure his unit had
completed the mission.

The party also commemorated the 67th anniversary of Mr. Oresko's heroism. His
actual birthday was Jan. 18.

Each invitee was asked to bring a younger person to hear the story of Mr.
Oresko, a 28-year-old platoon leader, who also received the Silver Star and
Distinguished Service Cross.

The Medal of Honor was presented to him at the White House on Oct. 30, 1945, by
President Harry S. Truman.

"President Truman said to me, 'I'd rather have the Medal of Honor than be
president,' " Mr. Oresko said, "and I almost said to him -- but I didn't -- 'You
wanna change?' "

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Indiana Lawyer

                                 August 3, 2011

Law influences politics;
Lawyers offer legal expertise in the political arena.

LENGTH: 895 words


Law influences politics Lawyers offer legal expertise in the political arena.
Lawyers venturing into politics is not a new concept.

But how much influence do those office-seeking or campaign-supporting attorneys
and judges have on the political process, and does it really matter if people
have a law degree as part of their background?

Current political campaigns involve well-known and highly respected members of
the legal community who are flexing their influence, both vying for votes
personally and working to have others elected.

Lawyers and judges often say their professional backgrounds prepare them to
problem-solve and think on their feet, and their legal minds help them find
solutions to questions often confronted in the political arena. The involvement
of lawyers or judges can send a message to members of the legal community who
might be voting or trying to analyze a particular political race.

"It's one thing to have such wellrespected people running for office, that's
just their qualifications and you may agree or disagree," said Indianapolis
attorney Bob Hammerle, an active political participant who's been involved in
state, federal, and presidential politics on the Democratic side for years,
including hosting rallies at his home. "When you have people with such gravitas
involved and campaigning, that lends their credibility to someone who stands out
in their own right. That does make a difference to us."

One of the most recent members of the legal profession to throw her hat into the
political ring is current Ivy Tech Community College general counsel and former
U.S. attorney for the Southern District Susan W. Brooks. Brooks has announced
her entry into the 5th U.S. Congressional District race as a Republican
candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives. She'll face incumbent Dan
Burton next year as well as John McGoff, a doctor who has twice ran
unsuccessfully against Burton.

Brooks has been with Ivy Tech since September 2007 and at one time oversaw the
school's statewide workforce development strategies. She became general counsel
after serving as the Southern District's top federal prosecutor from 2001 to
2007.

In the late 1990s, Brooks served as deputy mayor of Indianapolis before moving
to the government services practice at law firm Ice Miller. The Fort Wayne
native began her law career as a criminal defense attorney in both state and
federal courts after graduating from Indiana University School of Law -
Indianapolis.

Her campaign has some high-profile names attached. The campaign is cochaired by
retired U.S. Magistrate Judge V. Sue Shields, a respected and recognized state
appellate and Hamilton County judge, and attorney Murray Clark, a former state
senator who most recently chaired the Indiana GOP.

"Susan is the right candidate for Congress at just the right time," Magistrate
Judge Shields said. "She has spent her entire career as a relentless advocate on
behalf of Hoosiers in all walks of life, and she will be a strong representative
for residents in the 5th Congressional District."

That Central Indiana political race presents a similar attorney-involvement
scenario as a contest in northwest Indiana. Chicago attorney and former Indiana
state representative Dan Dumezich from Schererville is active in the campaign
for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney. Indianapolis attorney Bob
Grand at Barnes & Thornburg and Dumezich are co-chairing the Romney campaign in
this state and in late July held a fundraiser at Dumezich's home. Minimum $1,000
contributions were required, according to news coverage.

Both attorneys' names have been associated with politics for years, and Dumezich
has been mentioned as a possible contender for Congress or U.S. Senate.

Grand said he sees the representation of lawyers involved in politics higher
than many other professions, and it's important for the legal community to be a
part of that process.

"Naturally, you have more lawyers who are politically active just because of
what we do in the process of interpreting and applying laws," Grand said. "I'm
not sure if our involvement means anything more to the process or has any more
weight ... that might just depend on who the lawyer or judge is. But I know
personally, I've found it intriguing to be a part of the government process like
this to help shape public policy."

In Indianapolis, attorney Melina Kennedy left law firm Baker & Daniels late last
year to kick off her mayoral campaign against first-term incumbent Greg Ballard.
If elected, she will return to the office where she began her career as deputy
mayor after law school. She said her legal background complements her public
service passion perfectly, and she feels it is time to use it for that.

"I see how much good you can do in city government, and as I've had the
opportunity to look at ways of getting back into that service. I thought this
was a good time for doing that," Kennedy said. She believes it is important for
law students and lawyers to be involved in public service efforts, whether that
means running for office or working behind the scenes.

"Our legal community is just one segment of a bigger political community that
everyone's a part of," she said. "Studying the law, you can see why so many
attorneys are involved - it's because we have a true understanding of the
process, and that means we need to have more involvement."

*

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Now it's their turn: 12 men take the 'Idol' stage

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 865 words


The men of American Idol get their shot at semifinals glory tonight (Fox, 8
ET/PT). But the dream ends Thursday for four singers (two women, two men) at
elimination. USA TODAY's Bill Keveney, Brian Mansfield, Korina Lopez and Kristin
McGrath chatted with the Season 9 hopefuls to gain a few insights.

Lee DeWyze, 23

Hometown: Mount Prospect, Ill.

Musical influences: "I'm kind of old-school, so I like  Simon & Garfunkel. More
currently,  en Harper."

Judge's criticism he needed to hear:  "That my confidence needs to be a little
higher. I am a confident guy, but maybe it didn't show  so far."

Why should he be the next Idol? "I'm versatile: I can  write, I can perform. And
I'm ready to just drop everything and do this for the rest of my life."

Andrew Garcia, 24

Hometown: Moreno Valley, Calif.

Musical influences: "Michael Jackson.  He left his mark on the world, and it's
still around."

Best judge's compliment: When he performed  Straight Up, "Kara (DioGuardi) told
me that was genius.  That was  amazing  to hear."

Why should he be the next Idol? "I don't  take songs and cover them. I like to
take songs and show you how I feel about them."

Tyler Grady, 20

Hometown: Nazareth, Pa.

Musical influences:  Robert Plant,  Mick Jagger,

Steven Tyler and Jim Morrison

Best judge's compliment:  "Simon (Cowell) told me that I stand out in the crowd.
If Simon thinks I stand out, I probably have a chance."

Theme night he'd enjoy: "Disco  or  Rock Week."

Why should he be the next Idol? "I try to  really live in the song.  I'm not
sure everyone does that."

Todrick Hall, 24

Hometown: Arlington, Texas

Musical influence: "Beyonce. She's flawless. And she's not too shabby-looking,
either."

Theme night he'd enjoy: "Disney Night."

Theme night he'd be anxious about: "The Beatles, because I'm not familiar with
their music. At least, I'm not aware that I am."

Most proud of: "My mom and the morals she's given me."

Casey James, 27

Hometown: Fort Worth

Musical influences: Ronnie Bowman, Harry Connick Jr., Frank Sinatra, James
Taylor, Chris Cornell. "My favorite singer is Doyle Bramhall II."

Judge's criticism he needed to hear: "I was really, really horrible in that
first audition. I need to present myself confidently and really be there."

Most proud of: "I  strive to treat people the way I want to be treated and be
respectful."

Aaron Kelly, 16

Hometown: Sonestown, Pa.

Musical influences: Rascal Flatts and Keith Urban

Theme night he'd enjoy:  "To have contestants write a song with somebody and
perform it."

Theme night he'd be anxious about: "Maybe disco. I'm a terrible dancer."

Why should he be the next Idol? "I just want to make other people happy with my
music. Even if I didn't win, I'd be happy  where I'm at right now."

Alex Lambert, 19

Hometown: Fort Worth; lives in North Richland Hills

Musical influence: John Lennon

Theme night he'd be anxious about: "I don't play much country. But then again, I
am from Texas, so maybe it wouldn't be that hard."

Best judge's compliment: "Randy (Jackson) said I sound like James Morrison, who
I love."

Criticism he needed to hear: "Joe Jonas told me I need to be  comfortable
without my (ukulele)."

Michael Lynche, 26

Hometown: Astoria, N.Y.

Musical influences: "As a performer, I'd say Maxwell. He's someone I'm vibing on
hard core right now. As a singer, I'm really into Lauryn Hill."

Best judge's compliment:  "Simon said, 'Practice, because you're better than you
think you are.' "

Most proud of: "When my wife  told me she was going into labor. I felt good that
I was able to get her relaxed and make sure the plan was underway."

Joe Muooz, 20

Hometown: Huntington Park, Calif.

Musical influences: Celine Dion, Michael Buble, Jason Mraz. "They just love to
perform."

Judge's criticism he needed to hear: "I totally messed up with the guitar, so
Simon told me to learn how to play.  It was a wake-up call that if you feel
really nervous, do not play an instrument."

Why should he be the next Idol? "I don't try to be anyone else. I just bring it,
you know?"

John Park, 21

Hometown: Northbrook, Ill.; lives in Evanston

Musical influences: Gavin DeGraw, Stevie Wonder,

John Legend and John Mayer

Best judge's compliment: "Shania Twain told me

I had 'nice lips' and a 'beautiful bottom end.' "

Song he'd love to sing that's not a good fit: Anything

by Stevie Wonder or Michael Jackson. "I idolize

them, and I'm scared to touch their repertoire."

Most proud of: "My parents. I owe it all to them."

Jermaine Sellers, 27

Hometown: Joliet, Ill.

Musical influences: "Donny Hathaway is No. 1;

Phyllis Hyman, No. 2."

Best judge's compliment: "Ellen (DeGeneres) told

me she loved me. And Kara said, 'You are hot!' "

Criticismhe needed to hear: "Song selection."

Most proud of: "The background I came from, you

either had to choose the gang or you chose to have

kids and stay there. But I chose a different road."

Tim Urban, 20

Hometown: Duncanville, Texas

Musical influences: "OneRepublic. Also, James

Taylor, Jim Croce, John Denver."

Howdid he find out he'dmade the top 24? "I had

just gotten home from work, and they told me I

had a flight at 7 the next morning. I didn't even

(have time to) tell my boss that I was going."

Why should he be the next Idol? "Idol is about having

an image people can relate to. And I have that."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Michael Becker, Fox (12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 09/10/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


District Court 19-2-01 office covers Springettsbury and Hellam townships; Hallam
and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Douglas J. Man, 350 Hill-N-Dale Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held for
court.

Deborah A. Arment, 546 Koser Road, Lititz; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Betty J. Kennedy, 3400 Eastern Blvd., Apt. E-4; risking catastrophe, recklessly
endangering another person; held for court.

Dori L. Bartles, 2053 Pine Drive, Lancaster; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; driver's
license suspended or revoked-driving under the influence related, false
identification to law enforcement officer, speeding; held for court in absentia.

Darren M. Hake, 526 Green Meadows Drive, Dallastown; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol,
disregard traffic lane (single); waived to court.

Michael E. Lease, 483 E. Market St., Hellam; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment; waived to
court.

Daniel Wilde, c/o York County Prison; theft by deception; waived to court.

Dennis Rivera, 351 E. Maple St., Dallastown; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 8, 2007 Tuesday

List of influential people should make 'Time' for Bush

BYLINE: D. L . ST E WA RT T H AT 'S L I F E

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 522 words


Time's April Fools edition apparently hit the stands a month late. That's the
only logical explanation for the magazine's just-released list of the "100 most
influential people in the world," which includes Leonardo DiCaprio, Justin
Timberlake and Cate Blanchett, but not the president of the United States.

Excuse me?

George Bush has enough influence to keep an unpopular war going, but he's not as
influential as a movie actor who's never won an Academy Award?

He has enough influence to veto an act of Congress, but he's not as influential
as a former boy-band singer whose latest monumental achievement was ... well, I
don't know what it was, but it certainly must have been monumental.

Because I don't keep up with the entertainment news as faithfully as I should, I
had to ask a younger co-worker what recent achievement made Cate Blanchett more
influential than the leader of the most powerful national in the free world.

"Well, she's, uh, hot," he offered after several seconds of thought. Hot is
good. I like hot. But if hotness is what it takes to make Time's list, how could
they have overlooked Eva Longoria? Or my wife?

Also on the list are Tina Fey, Kate Moss, Brad Pitt, Rosie O'Donnell, NBC's
Brian Williams, Borat's Sacha Baron Cohen and Indianapolis Colts football coach
Tony Dungy. Not to mention Chien-Ming Wang, who, as you doubtless know because
of the profound influence he has had on your life, is a pitcher for the New York
Yankees.

Inexplicably, Time did not include Don Imus, Alec Baldwin's daughter, Anna
Nicole's baby or Britney Spears. Although it could be argued that Britney Spears
has had more influence than Tony Dungy.

It's not that Time doesn't acknowledge that presidents can be as influential as
actors and athletes. The presidents of Sudan, China and Cuba are on the list.
It's just that George Bush isn't as influential as he'd like to be, Time says.

"Any U.S. president has a certain built-in influence," concedes Adi Ignatius,
the editor who was in charge of compiling the list. "Bush had actually
squandered some of that built-in influence. His position on Iraq has cost him
support in his own party.

"To a certain point, he sort of reached a lame-duck status."

I don't care if he's a lame duck or a Peking duck. It doesn't matter if you
consider George Bush to be a president who is keeping terrorists from America's
shores or a president who has carried on a war that should have ended several
thousands deaths ago. The fact is that he is the president of the United States.
And, like every American president since George Washington, what he says and
does has an impact throughout the world.

Because I'm not even among the 100 most influential people in my family, maybe I
just don't understand the definition of the word "influence." I assumed it meant
having the power to affect lives or events. In what way has Tina Fey affected
your life, other than to make you laugh once in a while?

But if we want to keep up with the really important figures in the world, maybe
we don't need to read Time.

We can just subscribe to People.

Contact this writer at (937) 225-2439 or at dlstewart@DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: So, come on 'Time,' what about George, the leader of the free world?
Associated Press photo by Gerald Herbert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

HERMAN'S HERMITS SINGER SAYS GROUP WAS UNDER INFLUENCE OF COUNTRY MUSIC

SECTION: APPLAUSE; Don Rhodes column; Pg. O12

LENGTH: 705 words


Sixties rocker Peter Noone, the Herman of Herman's Hermits, said his group
didn't know when they formed that much of their musical influences were country
music stars.

Those influences led Herman's Hermits to sell more than 60 million copies of
their recordings, including such hits as I'm Into Something Good, Can't You Hear
My Heartbeat, There's a Kind of Hush, I'm Henry VIII, I Am and Mrs. Brown You've
Got a Lovely Daughter.

"You know, if you listen to our first records, all of the guitar solos are kind
of country-influenced," Mr. Noone said in a recent phone interview from his
Santa Barbara, Calif., home.

"Buddy Holly was country, the Everly Brothers were country, and Ricky Nelson was
country. It just depends on what you called country. We called it all rock 'n'
roll.

"So we didn't know that Carl Perkins was a country guitar player. We thought he
was a rock 'n' roll guitar player. We thought Elvis was rock 'n' roll. We didn't
know that Conway Twitty and Johnny Cash weren't rock 'n' roll singers. We were
confused.

"We did black music. We did white music. We did country music. We did every kind
of music. We did whatever appealed to us."

One of the American country recordings that had appealed to Mr. Noone since he
was 12 was End of the World, by Skeeter Davis. Years later, the Hermits would
turn it into an international rock hit single.

It was 40 years ago that I crossed paths for the first time with Mr. Noone, in
Atlanta, where Herman's Hermits was headlining a Dick Clark Caravan of Stars
tour. Their Atlanta appearance in 1967 would find an upcoming British band
called The Who opening for them.

Mr. Noone was just approaching his 17th birthday when the Hermits did their
first American concerts in late 1964.

"It was different because we played all these little places," he recalled. "It
was before we broke and then had just one hit, I'm Into Something Good. Then we
came back in '65 on that Dick Clark Caravan of Stars tour, and it all opened
up."

His 1965 U.S. tour led to a friendship with Johnny Cash.

"I met him on that tour in Nashville, and we went out drinking and became
friends. Every time after that when I saw him in an airport or somewhere, he
would come over and say something to me. He was a very nice guy, and his wife
(June) was a nice lady also," Mr. Noone said.

Mr. Noone, whose father was an accountant and mother was CEO of a company that
made neon advertising signs, already had been a child star in England on a TV
soap opera called Coronation Street.

"I had a typically English background," he said. "A working-class family that
made good. They made money and lost money and made money and lost money. I went
to a good school. My dad always said, 'If you ever think you're really hot, just
remember your grandfather going to work.' Because, in my grandfather's days,
people worked 10 hours and didn't have time to go to the gym to get fit. They
came home nearly exhausted. My grandfather cycled to work all of his life,
working in an iron foundry and some other things."

Mr. Noone joined a Manchester band in 1963 called The Heartbeats, but that
changed after he was told that he resembled the cartoon character Sherman in the
TV series The Bullwinkle Show. He mistakenly heard the name as Herman.

The rest of the band's name came when he told the owner of the place where they
were rehearsing that they wanted to be called "Herman and something." The owner
replied, "Call yourselves The Bloody Hermits because you look like hermits."

Today, Mr. Noone divides his time between homes in Santa Barbara and London. He
has been married for 37 years.

In the past decades, Mr. Noone has blended his love of music with his first love
of acting. He has appeared on such TV series as Married ... with Children,
Dave's World, My Two Dads, Too Close for Comfort, Quantum Leap, Laverne &
Shirley and the soap opera As the World Turns.

He did a national tour of America in the starring role of Frederic in The
Pirates of Penzance, and he plans to perform about 150 dates this year with the
current version of his band Herman's Hermits, including four days in June at
Disney World in Florida. Don Rhodes has written about country music for 35
years. He can be reached at (706) 823-3214 or at don.rhodes@morris.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rhodes mug
 SPECIAL Peter Noone, of Herman's Hermits, began his career in show business on
a British soap opera called Coronation Street.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

Arrest log

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: POLICE; News

LENGTH: 594 words


Billerica

-- Jared Silva, 22, 246 Central St., Lowell; receiving a stolen motor vehicle,
operating a motor vehicle with suspended/revoked license.

-- Zachary Peters, 24, 4 Veterans Circle; operating under the influence of
liquor, following too closely, negligent operation of a motor vehicle.

-- Conor Ohara, 19, 47 Massachusetts Ave., Cumberland, R.I.; operating under the
influence of drugs, marked lanes violation.

-- Nina Wilkin, 32, 15 Kenmar Drive; warrant arrest.

-- Ronny Marcelli, 49, 74 Cosgrove St., Lowell; unlicensed operation of a motor
vehicle, number plate violation (conceal, attach), unregistered motor vehicle,
receiving stolen property.

-- Juliana Demauro, 27, no address given; warrant arrest (unlicensed operation
of motor vehicle), equipment violation.

-- Michael Spinale, 32, 23 William Road; operating under the influence of drugs,
possession of Class E drugs, possession of Class A drugs.

-- Thomas Maloney, 18, 1020 Skyline Road, Dracut; operating under the influence
of liquor, marked lanes violation, leaving the scene of property damage.

-- Carlos Lomba, 45, 306 Park Ave., Revere; failing to stop for police, leaving
the scene of personal injury, resisting arrest, marked lanes violation, warrant
arrest, reckless operation of motor vehicle, speeding.

Pelham

-- Amanda Belley, 28, Pelham, N.H.; disobeying an officer, transporting drugs in
a motor vehicle, possession of marijuana, driving after revocation/suspension.

-- Edson Pereira, 28, Nashua, N.H.; false report to law enforcement, improper
person operating a vehicle.

-- Jacob Vaillancourt, 23, Lowell; possession of marijuana, transporting drugs
in a motor vehicle, defective equipment.

-- Stephen Doulames, 33, Dracut; driving after revocation/suspension, bench
warrant, defective equipment.

-- Jacob Brown, 18, Pelham, N.H.; possession of controlled drug schedule 1-4
(four counts), unlawful possession/intoxication, prohibitions re: drivers
license.

-- Michael Georgoulis, 23, Pelham, N.H.; bench warrant.

-- Carl Roscoe, 53, Pehlam, N.H.; DUI second or third, open container, defective
equipment.

Tewksbury

-- Debra Treadwell, 55, 111 Hildreth St., Unit 400, Lowell; warrant (disturbing
the peace), warrant (threat to commit crime).

-- Taryn Manning, 34, 309 South St., Hyannis; warrant (shoplifting), warrant
(receiving stolen property).

-- Charles Vincent, 34, 40 Oxford Road; second offense OUI (liquor).

-- Robin Flagg, 43, 195 Glenn Harris Road, New Sharon, Maine; distribution of a
Class B drug, trafficking in methamphetamine; possession of a Class D drug with
intent to distribute.

-- Nicole Dinatale, 25, 121 Homefield Ave., Dracut; shoplifting.

-- Keith Caveney, 65, 129 Remington St., Lowell; second offense OUI (liquor);
negligent operation of a motor vehicle, possession of open container of alcohol
in a motor vehicle.

-- Jordan Pappalardo, 22, 256 Bouchard Ave., Dracut; assault and battery with a
dangerous weapon, fugitive from justice on court warrant.

-- Durrell Alexander, 38, 75 Union St., Unit 6, Methuen; distribution of a Class
B drug, operating a motor vehicle with revoked license, possession of a Class B
drug with intent to distribute.

-- Eric Mayo, 27, 52 Orange St., Haverhill; operating a motor vehicle with
license revoked.

-- Joel Ramer, 28, 6 Dummer Ave., Georgetown; OUI (liquor).

-- Jonathan Mendez, 34, 27 Orleans St., Lowell; shoplifting by asportation.

-- Jason Welton, 21, 5 Matthew Road, Billerica; OUI (liquor), negligent
operation of a motor vehicle, motor vehicle lights violation.

-- Steven Santos, 34, 310R Prospect St., Unit 2; Cambridge; larceny over $250.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

HOW DIXIE RULES THE GOP;
DDDDDDDDD

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 804 words


MADISON, Wis.

The Super Tuesday primaries underscore how super Southern our presidential
nominating process has become. This makes our way of picking standard-bearers
unrepresentative of the country as a whole. In particular, it sharply reduces
the influence of the great American Midwest even though the region's states are
among the most important general-election battlegrounds.

Southernization is a special problem for Republicans because their Southern
supporters tend to be far more socially conservative than the rest of the party
or the country. Southern politics is also more deeply polarized around race,
giving backlash candidates a leg up. The GOP's slide rightward creates electoral
difficulties for it in presidential elections and is the central factor in
Washington's inability to find consensus on much of anything.

True, the whole carnival starts in Iowa, which is as Midwestern as you can get.
But the caucus system gives more conservative Iowa Republicans an outsized
influence because white evangelicals play a disproportionate role in what is a
relatively low-turnout contest.

It is to the evangelicals' credit as democratic citizens that they organize,
mobilize and participate. But their civic virtuousness only makes the final
result less reflective of opinion in the party, in Iowa itself and elsewhere.

New Hampshire comes next, and its voters frequently reach verdicts at odds with
those Iowa renders. This means that South Carolina often plays a tie-breaking
role on the GOP side. Talk about shifting the dialogue right: The site of the
opening skirmish of the Civil War is not only one of the most conservative
states in the nation; it is also one of our most racially divided polities.

All of 1 percent of this year's Palmetto State Republican primary voters were
African-American, according to the network exit poll - yes, 1 percent. Some 96
percent were white.

The matter of diversity is why the Southernized process is less problematic for
Democrats. Having the South vote early gives the party's large and loyal
African-American constituency a significant role in choosing a nominee. In
Hillary Clinton's sweep of Saturday's South Carolina primary, black voters cast
about 60 percent of the ballots and gave her a margin of roughly 6-to-1 over
Bernie Sanders, according to exit polls reported by ABC.

Pushing Nevada's voting dates up has diversified the calendar a bit, but now we
confront Super Tuesday. It includes primaries in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Yes, this Southern-fried,
hickory-smoked mix is leavened by primaries in Massachusetts and Vermont,
caucuses in Colorado and Minnesota, and, on the Republican side, a "preference
poll" in Alaska. But there's a reason why the day is often called the "SEC
primary," after the Southeastern college sports conference.

Not until March 8 does a big Midwestern state (Michigan) vote, and not until
March 15 do Illinois and Ohio weigh in. Wisconsin doesn't hold its primary until
April 5, and Indiana will not be casting its ballots until May 3.

The Dixiefied calendar is now an issue in Republican presidential maneuvering,
with the possibility that the Midwest would be further disenfranchised.
Republican honchos may have presided over a party that "brought to life" and
"fed" the "Frankenstein monster" they see in Donald Trump, as Robert Kagan wrote
in The Washington Post recently. Never mind. The feckless establishmentarians
now have the temerity to tell Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he should do his part
in their belated anti-Trump operation by dropping out in support of Florida Sen.
Marco Rubio - even though Mr. Rubio has yet to win a single primary.

Mr. Kasich is saying no dice, and he is wholly right to insist that his own base
be heard from before he calls it a day. There's a strong case that Mr. Kasich is
far better prepared to be president than Mr. Rubio is, and that Mr. Kasich's
tonally (and, to some degree, substantively) more moderate brand of conservatism
has more appeal outside Republican ranks than Mr. Rubio's narrow conservative
orthodoxy.

In any event, it's clear that if the GOP's powers-that-be forced Mr. Kasich out
before Michigan and Ohio voted, they would be confirming for all to see that
their party only has room for Southerners (Mr. Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz)
or, in the case of Mr. Trump, Northerners who speak the Republican South's
language on immigration, race and nationalism.

High-minded thinkers regularly bemoan the sharp polarization of American
politics and wring hands earnestly over why this has come to pass. One of the
principal causes is the Southernization of Abraham Lincoln's party. Our primary
process only makes it harder for those who would reverse the trend.

E.J. Dionne Jr. is a syndicated columnist for The Washington Post
(ejdionne@washpost.com).

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Alaska: Driving while under the influence and misconduct involving a weapon in
the fourth degree.

LENGTH: 93  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 5-16-2014 at about 1605 hours, the Alaska State Troopers (AST) contacted Sean
Jephcote, 23 yoa of Fairbanks, in a parking lot after operating his vehicle.
Sean was observed to be under the influence. AST arrested Sean for driving while
under the influence and misconduct involving a weapon for possessing a firearm
while under the influence. Sean was remanded to the Fairbanks Correctional
Center.

For further information please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: Behavior's Influence on Biology

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: Washington


Association for Psychological Science has issued the following news release:

One of the basic tenets of psychological science holds that the biology of our
brains heavily influences our actions, behaviors, judgments, and more. But what
if we reverse that premise and examine an opposite supposition: that our choices
and decisions may influence our physical neural structure? Several prominent
psychological scientists examine this bidirectional equation. The following
researchers will speak:

Darlene D. Francis, University of California, Berkeley. Her research delves into
how biological, psychological, and social developments throughout people's lives
combine to influence their susceptibility to disease or illness.
 Adam H. Gazzaley, University of California, San Francisco. Gazzaley's cognitive
neuroscience research lab focuses on the biology of memory, attention, and
perception; developmental psychology; normal aging and dementia; and how we
might therapeutically address the issues of cognitive deficits.
 R. Alison Adcock, Duke University. Her research at the university's Center for
Cognitive Neuroscience explores the links between motivation, emotion, and
memory and the brain systems that affect them.
 Daphne Bavelier, University of Geneva, Switzerland. Her research involves using
behavioral and brain imaging techniques to collect data which help explain how
humans learn and adapt to changing circumstances.

For more information please visit: http://www.psychologicalscience.org

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 12, 2007 Sunday

Police list DUI charges

BYLINE: Sunday News Staff

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Darrell Zug, 41, of Lancaster, was charged with driving under the influence
after being stopped at 1:55 a.m. Saturday on Route 283 at Route 772 in Rapho
Township for speeding, state police at Ephrata said.

Harry Joseph Schroder, 56, of Elverson, was stopped on Mount Vernon Road at
Cains Road in Salisbury Township at 1:43 a.m. Saturday for traffic violations
and was charged with driving under the influence, state police said.

Stephen Kelley Hedgepeth, 33, of Columbia, was stopped for speeding on Route 30
at New Holland Pike at 4:27 a.m. Saturday and was found to be intoxicated, state
police said. Hedgepeth was apparently on his way to work, police said. He was
charged with driving under the influence.

Brad Elliot Floyd, 33, of Lancaster, was stopped on Route 30 at Oak View Drive
in East Lampeter Township at 9:15 p.m. Friday for traffic violations and was
charged with driving under the influence, state police said.

PUBLIC INTOXICATION: Aristides Colonarche, 49, of Atlanta, Ga., was cited for
public drunkenness and park violations after he was found sleeping in a park in
the 200 block of South Water Street at 9:53 p.m. Friday, city police said.

BURGLARY: Corrina M. Rodriguez, 26, of the first block of West James Street, and
Yaritza M. Rivera, 21, of the 400 block of West James Street, were arrested for
burglary after they were seen entering a home in the 400 block of North
Charlotte Street and leaving with a purse at 1:56 p.m. Friday, city police said.

Rodriguez, who also had an outstanding warrant, was charged with burglary,
theft, and criminal conspiracy and sent to Lancaster County Prison in lieu of
$25,000 cash bail on the charges and $1,000 cash bail on the warrant.

Rivera was charged with burglary, theft by unlawful taking, and conspiracy and
sent to prison on $25,000 bail, police said.

AUTO THEFT: A 1995 Saturn coupe was stolen from a home in the 300 block of East
Clay Street between 6:30 p.m. Thursday and 7:15 a.m. Friday, city police said.

A 1992 Honda was stolen from a home in the 100 block of North Franklin Street
between 6:45 a.m. and 5:40 p.m. Thursday, city police said.

A 1990 Honda was stolen from a home in the 700 block of First Street between 11
p.m. Wednesday and 7:25 a.m. Thursday. City police said the car had four
after-market chrome five-spoke wheels and special order lug nut attachments,
valued at $800, and an Alpine CD player, valued at $100. Police were able to
recover two fingerprints from hinge lifters left at the scene.

RETAIL THEFT: A 17-year-old female was cited for retail theft after taking
$79.76 worth of merchandise from a store at Park City Center at 7:31 p.m.
Friday, city police said. Upon arrest, police also found a small amount of
marijuana and paraphernalia. She was cited and released.

Marilyn Roopnarine, 43, of the 800 block of West Vine Street, was cited for
taking $27.04 worth of merchandise from a store in the 1200 block of
Millersville Pike at 4:45 p.m. Friday, city police said. She was cited and
released.

Jose I. Alvarez-Martinez, 31, of the 300 block of Howard Avenue, was cited for
taking $60 worth of merchandise from a store at Park City Center at 12:40 p.m.
Friday, city police said. He was cited for retail theft and summary warrants and
released.

Ashley R. Auchey, 19, of Ephrata, was cited for taking $168.95 worth of goods
from a store at Park City Center at 8:05 p.m. Thursday, city police said.

Angel L. Davila, 34, of the 200 block of Juniata Street, was cited for taking
$34.99 worth of merchandise from a store at Park City Center at 4:27 p.m.
Thursday, city police said.

THEFT: A man told state police that two 20-gallon propane tanks were taken from
his barn in the 1400 block of Georgetown Road, Bart Township, between Aug. 3 and
Saturday. Anyone with information is asked to contact state police at 299-7650.

About 200 sheets of plywood were taken from a construction site at Joy Lane and
Anthony Court, Fulton Township, overnight Wednesday, state police said. It
belonged to Custom Home Group of Quarryville. Anyone with information is asked
to call state police at 299-7650.

A Nokia 5300 cellular phone, valued at $288, and a backpack, valued at $10,
belonging to a 17-year-old, were taken while he was playing soccer in the 400
block of North Reservoir Street around 6:30 p.m. Friday.

A 20-inch Gemstone Malibu light blue bicycle was taken from the first block of
Coral Street between 5 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. Friday, city police said. Loss is
listed at $70.

A Ruger P-89 model .40 caliber handgun, valued at $450, was taken from the
center console of a pickup truck in the first block of Juniata Street sometime
Friday, city police said.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Margaret Groff 85 of Willow Street was traveling south on Lititz Pike
when she attempted to turn left onto Marshall Avenue and pulled into the path of
a car driven by Jill Fetrow 23 of the 2300 block of Middlegreen Court Olde
Hickory at 4:33 p.m. Saturday. Manheim Township police said Fetrow injured her
knee in the crash but refused treatment at the scene. Both cars were towed.
Blaine T. Shahan, Sunday News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 04/30/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


District Judge Harold D. Kes sler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Christopher Ryan Maboe, 15604 Hale Drive, New Freedom; retail theft, possession
of small amount of marijuana; held for court.

Lillian Audrey Nesbit, 344-C S. Washington St., Mechanicsburg; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Andrew K. Mathis, c/o York County Prison, 3400 Concord Road; contraband,
criminal conspiracy-contraband, criminal attempt-contraband, possession of
controlled substance; waived to court.

Donnell Omar McIntyre, 711 Cedar Village Drive; possession of drug
paraphernalia, retail theft; waived to court.

Kathy L. Sowers, 2907 Fifth Ave.; simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

Karon R. Becote, 967 E. Princess St.; possession of small amount of marijuana;
waived to court.

Vanessa Ingrid Vasquez, 388 Cherry St., Red Lion; retail theft; waived to court.

Corey Daniel Lockner, 275 Forge Hill Road, Wrightsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Thomas John Mock Jr., 15 Charles Plaza, Room 1807, Baltimore, Md.; retail theft,
resisting arrest or other law enforcement; waived to court.

Diane L. Drabish, 9 Westminster Shopping Center, Suite 112, Westminster, Md.;
bad checks; held for court in absentia.

Dexter L. Kelly, 717 E. King St.; retail theft, criminal mischief, harassment;
held for court in absentia.

Keith A. Henderson Sr., 939 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Amanda Lynn Repanshek, 901 S. Royal St.; access device fraud; waived to court.

Sean P. Bowers, 340 Walnut St., Wrightsville; disorderly conduct,
loitering/prowling at night time, underage alcohol, public drunkenness, waived
to court.

Shawn V. Rhoades, 317 W. Market St.; bad checks; waived to court.

Michael G. McSherry, 508 W. Princess St., No. 1; possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court in absentia.

Megan N. Simpson, 1185 Felton Road, Red Lion; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Donald E. Blackburn Jr., 2740 Genna Circle, Dover; false reports, accident
involving damage to unattended vehicle/property; held for court in absentia.

Kristin Anne Dieter, 4233 Fissels Church Road, Glen Rock; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Jared Franklin Cook, 688 SW Dillan Drive, Beaverton, Ore.; driving under the
influence: general impairment, possession of small amount of marijuana; waived
to court.

John Marion Gangelosi Jr., 2421 Sunset Circle, Glenville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Tina Marie Berrios, 70 N. Franklin St.; retail theft; held for court in
absentia.

Connie Marie Harmon, 201 E. Philadelphia St., No. 2; retail theft; held for
court in absentia.

Joey R. Burwell, 35 Spring Road, No. 3, Carlisle; bad checks; held for court in
absentia.

Philip M. McKee, 2272 High St., Elizabethtown; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Sherman McLendon III, 349 Smyser St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Brett E. Mundis, 1895 Cedar Drive, Spring Grove; possession of small amount of
marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Marcia Perryman, 195 Charles Circle, Hallam; unauthorized use of auto/other
vehicles; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               December 15, 1997

AUTO SHOW LOCAL, BUT INFLUENCE IS GLOBAL

BYLINE: Marsha Stopa  Crain's International

SECTION: International; Pg. I-1

LENGTH: 880 words


Pete Rosenau illustrates the international edge the North American International
Auto Show has developed.

Considered a nontraditional auto dealer because he sells only imports, Rosenau
is co-chairman of the auto show this year. His Inkster dealership sells Honda,
Mazda, Hyundai and Volkswagen. Not a domestic nameplate on the lot.

The fact that an import-only dealer has risen through the ranks of the Detroit
Auto Dealers Association to help stage North America's most spectacular auto
show is simple proof of the overwhelming international influence in the show.

The international flavor is so strong that, in the past two years, fully
two-thirds of the exhibitors were foreign automakers, Rosenau said. In 1996,
foreign automakers outnumbered domestics 26 to 13, he said. In 1997, there were
24 imported exhibits.

''All manufacturers are seeing this as a global venue to showcase their
products,'' Rosenau said.

Rosenau isn't just boosting. The Detroit show has risen to the top tier of auto
shows worldwide, sanctioned as the only international show in North America by
the International Organization of Motor Vehicle Manufacturers in Paris. It ranks
at the top with the shows in Paris, Tokyo, Geneva and Frankfurt, Germany.

The numbers prove the point. Since the show shifted focus from the Detroit Auto
Show to the North American International Auto Show in 1989, everything about it
has gotten bigger - the number of vehicle and concept introductions, public
attendance, the number of journalists, the size of exhibits, the sell-out crowds
for Charity Preview Night.

From about 20 unveilings in 1989, introductions at the North American
International Auto Show have grown significantly, said Rod Alberts, president of
the Detroit Auto Dealers Association, which puts on the show. Within five years,
yearly introductions had risen to 40, Alberts said, and since have increased to
about 50.

The Detroit show has become known as the worldwide venue for concept
introductions, he said. Nearly half of each year's introductions are concept
vehicles, those that won't be in production for several years but attract
tremendous attention.

Staging for vehicle introductions has taken a whole new twist, with dramatic
displays that have included vehicles dropping from the ceiling.

Last year, more than 5,000 automotive journalists from 59 countries attended,
flocking to more than 40 press conferences spanning four days. More than 1,000
were from Europe and 500 from Asia.

In 1988 - the year before the show went international - it took 200 18-wheelers
to move in the 4 million pounds of exhibits, Alberts said. In 1997, it required
700 trucks hauling 14 million pounds.

It takes a full month or more to assemble the entire auto show, he said. Other
U.S. shows, such as those in New York and Chicago, take four or five days to put
together.

''It takes us that long to put in our overhead lighting,'' Alberts said. ''We
had an optimistic outlook of what it would grow into. But we had no idea.''

The displays have grown dramatically as more manufacturers bring in two-level
exhibits. Mercedes was the first to do this in the early '90s, he said, and now
half of the manufacturers at the show build two-level exhibits.

''It's been remarkable how the show has been transformed,'' said David Cole,
director of the Office for the Study of Automotive Transportation at the
University of Michigan. He cited the number of automotive executives from around
the world who make it a point to come to Detroit for the show.

''The key is how the car companies really got behind the dealers to turn it into
a truly global show,'' Cole said. ''The ability to attract the international
journalists is tied to the number of new product showings, and that is key to an
international show.''

Because Detroit is the international center of the worldwide auto industry, Cole
believes ''it is very fitting that Detroit's international auto show recognizes
what happens here.''

Part of Detroit's international success is timing, Alberts said. Both Toyota and
Nissan were preparing to introduce their luxury lines, Lexus and Infiniti, and
agreed to unveil the cars at Detroit's first international show in 1989.

''That kick-started it,'' Alberts said. ''That brought in the interest from the
imports, and Asia and Europe began to consider Detroit for worldwide concept-and
production- vehicle introductions.''

Alberts and Rosenau said they travel to other shows, trading ideas.

Detroit was the first U.S. show to apply for international certification, said
Jean-Marie Muller, secretary general of the International Organization of Motor
Vehicle Manufacturers, the group that sanctions international auto shows.

''Detroit has become more and more better-known by manufacturers as the first
place to exhibit,'' Muller said. ''Detroit is the must for the North American
continent.''

Part of Detroit's appeal may be that the show is ''kept clean,'' Alberts said,
without a theme and almost exclusively for vehicle manufacturers. Other shows,
especially the larger ones, incorporate component manufacturers and other
suppliers. The Detroit Auto Dealers Association also has worked to make the show
easily accessible, especially for the automotive press.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE INDUSTRY'S FRONT SEAT: Detroit's North American International Auto
Show is the leading venue for the introduction of concept cars. The show takes
place in January.

                   Copyright 1997 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Adobe Systems Incorporated (California) applies for US Patent titled as "CONTEXT
SENSITIVE INFLUENCE MARKETING"

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160307278 for US Patent, published on October 20, 2016, by
Adobe Systems Incorporated (California), titled as "CONTEXT SENSITIVE INFLUENCE
MARKETING"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Lipka; Nedim; (Santa Clara, CA)

Applicant: Adobe Systems Incorporated San Jose CA (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure is directed toward systems and methods for determining
influence of users within a social media community for marketing purposes. For
example, systems and methods described herein involve identifying terms of a
marketing campaign and accessing a user context for a user. The systems and
methods further involve determining a popularity metric and a relevance metric
for the user based on the terms of the marketing campaign and the user context.
Further, the systems and methods involve determining an influence level of the
user for the marketing campaign based on the popularity metric and the relevance
metric."


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Arrest Log: 11/6/2015

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: POLICE

LENGTH: 161 words


Hudson, N.H.

-- Chad Whitcomb, 38, 706 West Hollis St., Nashua, N.H.; disobeying a police
officer, failure to yield at a stop or yield sign.

Littleton

-- Spencer Healey, 31, Hartford, Conn.; operating under the influence of liquor
(second offense), operating a motor vehicle while suspended for operating under
the influence of liquor.

-- Keith E. McInnis, 38, 12103 Bay Drive, Westford; warrant (violation of 209A).

Lowell

-- Alexis Kelly, 19, 47 Caleb St.; operating under the influence of alcohol.

-- Le Charon, 78, 58 Franklin St., 2nd Floor, rear; warrant (harassing telephone
calls).

-- Pinakin Patel, 28, 1260 Westford St., Unit 6; warrant (probation violation),
warrant (probation violation), operating after suspension, operating uninsured
motor vehicle, unregistered motor vehicle.

-- Vanracksmey Phon, 18, 170 Warren St.; operating without a license, failure to
submit motor vehicle for inspection.

-- Jason Creer, 33, 261 Aiken St., Unit 1; operating after suspension.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Arrest Log: 11/6/2015

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: POLICE

LENGTH: 161 words


Hudson, N.H.

-- Chad Whitcomb, 38, 706 West Hollis St., Nashua, N.H.; disobeying a police
officer, failure to yield at a stop or yield sign.

Littleton

-- Spencer Healey, 31, Hartford, Conn.; operating under the influence of liquor
(second offense), operating a motor vehicle while suspended for operating under
the influence of liquor.

-- Keith E. McInnis, 38, 12103 Bay Drive, Westford; warrant (violation of 209A).

Lowell

-- Alexis Kelly, 19, 47 Caleb St.; operating under the influence of alcohol.

-- Le Charon, 78, 58 Franklin St., 2nd Floor, rear; warrant (harassing telephone
calls).

-- Pinakin Patel, 28, 1260 Westford St., Unit 6; warrant (probation violation),
warrant (probation violation), operating after suspension, operating uninsured
motor vehicle, unregistered motor vehicle.

-- Vanracksmey Phon, 18, 170 Warren St.; operating without a license, failure to
submit motor vehicle for inspection.

-- Jason Creer, 33, 261 Aiken St., Unit 1; operating after suspension.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Monumental: The enduring influence of Allan Houser

BYLINE: Michael Abatemarco, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1938 words


Aug. 22--Something Oklahoma and New Mexico have in common is that both can claim
Chiricahua Apache Allan Houser (1914-1994) as a favorite son. Houser, a prolific
sculptor and painter, was an influential teacher and mentor at some of the
nation's premier Native art institutions. Notable among these are the
Intermountain Indian School, a Brigham City, Utah, boarding school for Native
Americans in operation between 1950 and 1984 -- where Houser taught for about a
dozen years, starting at the time of its inception -- and Santa Fe's Institute
of American Indian Arts. In 1962, when IAIA was founded, Houser was asked to
join its teaching staff. He continued his career there as an educator through
the mid-1970s.

As part of this year's centennial observations in the artist-teacher's honor,
museums nationwide have been paying homage with major exhibitions of his work
and that of many of his students, each one focusing on different themes from
Houser's legacy. A quick survey of the more prominent Houser shows easily
confirms the extent of his influence on generations of Native artists as well as
his broad range of styles and motifs. Earlier in the year, the National Cowboy
and Western Heritage Museum in Houser's home state of Oklahoma hosted the
exhibit Allan Houser and His Students, featuring works by Houser, his son Bob
Haozous, Kevin Red Star, T.C. Cannon, Fritz Scholder, and others. A show of
Houser's drawings, which are not as well known as his sculptures and paintings,
closed in May at the Fred Jones Jr. Museum at the University of Oklahoma. Form
and Line: Allan Houser's Sculpture and Drawings wrapped up in June at the
Gilcrease Museum in Tulsa, and current shows include five monumental sculptures
by the artist at the Oklahoma State Capitol and the Philbrook Downtown in Tulsa.
There are shows at Dartmouth College's Hood Museum, where Houser was its artist
in residence in 1979, and at the Heard Museum in Phoenix.

Santa Fe has offered the public the chance to experience Houser's work with its
permanent display of a portion of his sculpture since it first opened in 1993 as
the Allan Houser Art Park at the Museum of Contemporary Native Arts. This is the
site of the Indian Market weekend premiere of Cannupa Hanska Luger's film
project, This Is a Stereotype, a collaboration with director Dylan McLaughlin
and producer Ginger Dunnill that was inspired by the Native artist's
thought-provoking 2013 MoCNA exhibit, Stereotype: Misconceptions of the Native
American. Visitors to Museum Hill can see Houser's work at Footprints: The
Inspiration and Influence of Allan Houser, a show on view at the Museum of
Indian Arts & Culture through spring of next year. In addition, an unparalleled
selection of monumental pieces resides at the Allan Houser Studio and Sculpture
Gardens situated on a portion of the Houser-Haozous family compound. Its annual
open house takes place over Indian Market weekend.

David Rettig, who is curator of collections at Allan Houser Inc., a corporation
that was founded in 1982 to preserve Houser's legacy, runs the Studio and
Sculpture Gardens and manages Houser's archives. "Philip Haozous, Allan's son,
purchased the property and started building Allan's house in 1979, and Allan's
studio was finished in '82," Rettig told Pasatiempo. "The dance ground and
visitor's center were created in '85. His last design and drawing studio was
built in 1990." The garden contains about 80 works by Houser, carved in stone,
cast in bronze, or made from fabricated sheet metal. But Houser began his career
as a painter. Under Dorothy Dunn's direction at the Santa Fe Indian School Art
Studio, the paintings he made in the 1930s reflected the flat fields of color
and narrative focus promoted by the school as an authentic expression of Indian
art. This style, as taught by Dunn, recalled historic ledger painting, while the
school also imposed parameters for the Native students to follow that some found
too rigid. "Dorothy Dunn wanted students to use their oral histories, family
stories, and ceremonies," said Rettig. "Allan had not experienced that much but,
through his father and through his family, had heard lots of stories about these
ceremonies, so they became a principal subject of his early paintings."

During the years when Houser taught art at the Intermountain Indian School, his
great ability to mentor and inspire his many students became evident. This was
also a time in Houser's life when he could focus on his painting, finishing
hundreds of canvases and experimenting with a variety of mediums, including
watercolors and oils. "I thought it was important to show that, not only was he
a master artist, he was a master teacher," said Della Warrior, MIAC's director.
"His art was always evolving into many dimensions. Over the years I learned of
all the different painters and sculptors who were influenced by Mr. Houser." The
challenge for Warrior and Footprints' guest curator, Dorothy Grandbois, was to
present an exhibit that places Houser in a particular context while using only a
limited number of works to convey his wide range of artistic concerns. "It was
important to show that he didn't have one particular style he was locked into,"
said Warrior. Due to the sculptures' large size, the exhibit is located outside
the museum's entrance on Milner Plaza. The show includes works by several
artists with a history at IAIA, where Warrior once served as president. "I got a
list of his students that were there for a long time, like Chuck Dailey and Bob
Harcourt," she said. "We called them up and asked if they would like to be in
it. They were all very enthused and wanted to do this for Mr. Houser, out of
their love and respect and appreciation. These are his former students ... and
other people that he guided." Footprints also features works by Cliff Fragua,
Rollie Grandbois, Estella Loretto, Doug Hyde, and Bob and Philip Haozous. Philip
Haozous' realist portrait of his father, Allan Houser Haozous, 1914-1994, a
life-size commemorative bronze, stands just inside the museum's entrance.

Houser continued to produce narrative, realist works in sculpture and painting
throughout his career, but his passions clearly lay in creating modernist
sculpture. His influences included luminaries such as Constantin Brâncu¸si,
Auguste Rodin, Barbara Hepworth, Henry Moore, and Isamu Noguchi. Houser was
particularly interested in Noguchi's use of negative space. The Sculpture
Gardens contain some of Houser's animal and human figures with a Noguchi-like
passageway running through them. Though representational, the forms are
reductive, streamlined carvings that draw the eye to their circular centers. "He
wanted people to know that modernist pieces were the singular influence, the
strongest influence on all of his work," said Rettig. "Some of his most abstract
pieces still have a body and a spirit in there somehow. I knew him for many
years, and we talked about all kinds of different influences and artists he
liked. I once said to him, 'You must really like Ernst Barlach.' He was a
turn-of-the-century German Expressionist doing sculptural work, a contemporary
of Max Beckmann. He did a lot of these shrouded forms. Allan said he didn't know
his stuff, but then I saw a reference to Barlach in one of his sketchbooks."

Throughout his most prolific time making sculpture, a period during the 1980s
and 1990s, Houser experimented with different materials, such as bronze sheet
metal and corten steel, that allowed him to produce smooth, rounded forms with a
seamless appearance -- such as his 1993 piece Fabricated Buffalo. "[Tesuque
foundry and gallery] Shidoni had a guy working out there named Ryan Rich. Allan
was impressed with Ryan's technical abilities to work in bronze, and they ended
up forming a collaboration," said Rettig. "Ryan built for Allan about 25
different editions of the buffalo made from sheet bronze. It's a thin metal, and
each segment is cut out from a 4-by-8-foot plate and welded and shaped and
ground down. They're impeccably crafted."

Although many of his works on paper stand on their own as complete compositions,
Houser also used drawing to examine an idea from every angle and position,
working out his sculpture in the round two-dimensionally before setting it in
more permanent form. He crafted a profuse number of works over the years, but he
was a discerning sculptor. Themes appear and reappear throughout his career,
such as his bold and detailed Apache spirit dancers -- mysterious hooded figures
in ceremonial dress -- a subject he also depicted in early paintings, such as
his Ghan Dancers, a tempera on board from 1934, which is in the collection of
MIAC. But when people think of Houser, the theme that often comes to mind is
that of mother and child, such as the depiction in his Earth Mother, a bronze
from 1986. It was a subject he sculpted in various formats, from realist
depictions to abstract, rounded works with just a suggestion of figuration.
"This is the quintessential Houser," said Rettig. "He created this style. He
authored this style. There are thousands of Native artists, and non-Native
artists as well, who do some form of this sculpture. I was in Los Angeles 25
years ago. There's a big shopping center off La Cienega called the Beverly
Center. I was looking for a bathroom and got off the escalator up in the
housewares section and there's all these lamps, sofas, and coffee tables. On one
of the coffee tables was a plaster tchotchke of Earth Mother. It's copied in
every detail, but it's all out of proportion -- like a lump of clay that got
dropped on its side. When I told Allan someone was ripping him off, he said, 'I
see those all over. They have them at Dillard's here in town.' He was nonchalant
about the whole thing, but it drove home to me how the genre of sculpture he
created had become so much a part of the public consciousness."

Another such instance is the official State of Oklahoma license plate that
depicts Houser's Sacred Rain Arrow, one of his most iconic works. The piece was
inspired by the pro-civil rights gesture made by African American sprinters John
Carlos and Tommie Smith at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. There, they
raised black-gloved fists during the singing of the American national anthem, an
action assumed by many to be a Black Power salute. Houser's original version of
the sculpture, carved in ebony, showed a clenched fist, lifted into the air and
bearing a truncated bow -- a symbol of power, strength, and solidarity with
Native struggles. A more detailed bronze of Sacred Rain Arrow, made much later,
was a featured work at Salt Lake City's Olympic Village for the 2002 Winter
Games it hosted.

Among the last pieces Houser completed before his death was a polychrome
sculpture, made in a small edition, called Spirit of the Mountains, an example
of which resides at the Sculpture Gardens. It is the only polychrome bronze of
Houser's that Rettig is aware of. "There was some confusion after his death
because it had been done so close to the time he passed away that there were
some family members who thought that it wasn't in a patina he specified. There's
an artist, Star York, and an artist -- deceased now -- named Dave McGary, who
did these brightly painted pieces they were working on at Shidoni, and someone
thought they decided to paint one of Allan's. But since then, we've found a
photograph of him standing very proudly next to it after it was completed."

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140822-SF-Monumental-The-enduring-influence
-of-Allan-Houser-0822-20140822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Dieffenbach's father's influence nets results on football field

BYLINE: Rich Scarcella, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 564 words


Oct. 03--Penn State guard Miles Dieffenbach, who stands 6-3 and weighs 295
pounds these days, once was a strong age-group tennis player in the Pittsburgh
area.

He gave up the sport, though, as a freshman at Fox Chapel High School.

"I kind of grew out of the tennis body, if you know what I'm saying,"
Dieffenbach said this week. "I was good at tennis, but I wasn't great. I
realized I had a pretty good opportunity to play football at the next level."

Dieffenbach played tennis most likely because his father, George, was the men's
tennis coach at Pitt from 1976-95 and the Panthers women's tennis coach from
1981-2012. George Dieffenbach compiled more than 500 wins and coached his
daughter, Sarah.

"He's had a terrific influence on me," Miles Dieffenbach said of his father.
"I've never met such a positive person in my life. He's always encouraging me.

"He's always giving me advice on how to mentally prepare for games, how to get
ready, how to bring it every day in practice. I couldn't wish for a better dad.
He's always there for me."

Dieffenbach said he had some strengths as a tennis player.

"I got to every ball," he said. "I had good lateral movement. I really wanted to
get to every ball. I had a really good serve, too, because I was tall and
strong.

"Tennis did a lot of good things for me. It helped my footwork and
conditioning."

-- Praise for Robinson: Indiana coach Kevin Wilson had high praise for Penn
State's Allen Robinson, the top receiver in the Big Ten last year, as the
Hoosiers prepare to face the Nittany Lions Saturday.

Robinson has 26 catches for 448 yards and three touchdowns, ranking second in
the Big Ten in catches and receiving yards behind Wisconsin's Jared Abbrederis.

"His skill set is very, very good," Wilson said. "He has a feel of space and
leverage. He knows how to work and how to make acrobatic plays. Even though I
don't think he's the biggest receiver, he does have some substance so he can
make competitive plays."

Last year, Robinson caught 10 passes for 197 yards and three touchdowns in a
45-22 victory over the Hoosiers.

"He's a complete receiver," Wilson said. "There might be faster guys and there
might be bigger guys, but when he puts it all together he's one of the better
receivers in the country."

-- Urschel, Harding nominated: Penn State senior guard John Urschel and Albright
senior defensive tackle J.T. Harding have been nominated for the 2013 National
Football Foundation Scholar-Athlete Awards.

Urschel and Harding are among the 170 semifinalists for the national awards,
including the prestigious William V. Campbell Trophy that is presented to the
nation's top scholar-athlete. The finalists will be announced Oct. 31.

An All-Big Ten first-team pick last year, Urschel earned his bachelor's degree
in mathematics in three years and his master's degree in math in May. He's
pursuing a second master's degree in math education and is one of only seven
semifinalists with a perfect 4.00 grade-point average.

The 6-2, 272-pound Harding, an accounting major from Wilmington, Del., has been
nominated for the second straight year. A team captain, he has eight tackles in
four games for Albright.

Nominees must have at least a 3.2 GPA.

Contact Rich Scarcella: 610-371-5070 or rscarcella@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131003-RE-Dieffenbach-s-father-s-influence
-nets-results-on-football-field-1003-20131003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 387 words


LYNCH GETS COURT DATE FOR CHARGE

NFL: Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch was charged Wednesday with
driving under the influence in Northern California.

Lynch was charged by the Alameda County district attorney with driving under the
influence of drugs and alcohol and driving while having a blood-alcohol level of
.08 or higher. Lynch has a court date on Aug. 14, which is in the middle of
Seahawks training camp.

But Lynch's attorney, Ivan Golde, told The Associated Press that he feels the
case could get thrown out or reduced because of discrepancies in blood-alcohol
tests.

Golde's contention is that Lynch was not at the California legal limit of .08
when he was pulled over in Emeryville, Calif., on Saturday and tested at the
scene.

Golde noted that Lynch's level was higher when he was tested on a calibrated
breathalyzer later at the jail.

Ex-49er dies: Former 49ers defensive end Cleveland Elam, a two-time Pro Bowl
selection who had a team-high 17.5 sacks in 1976, has died. He was 60.

Indy ponders bid for Super Bowl: The city of Indianapolis, flush from the
economic and public relations successes of this year's Super Bowl, wants to host
the big game again in 2018.

LAKERS IMPROVE BENCH BY SIGNING JAMISON

NBA: The Los Angeles Lakers took a strong step toward improving one of the worst
reserve units in the league, agreeing to terms with free-agent forward Antawn
Jamison.

In other NBA news:

The Toronto Raptors signed Lithuanian 7-footer Jonas Valanciunas, the fifth
overall pick of the 2011 draft.

Portland matched Minnesota's four-year offer sheet worth more than $45 million
for swingman Nicolas Batum.

Cleveland star guard Kyrie Irving had surgery on the hand he broke during summer
league practice and should be ready for the start of training camp.

PITTSBURGH, BIG EAST REACH SETTLEMENT

MISCELLANY: Pittsburgh and the Big East announced that the school will pay $7.5
million to join Syracuse in leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast
Conference on July 1.

United States women win: Maya Moore scored 18 points as the U.S. women's
basketball team overcome a sluggish start to beat Britain 88-63 in an exhibition
game at Manchester, England.

Ortiz put on DL: The Boston Red Sox placed designated hitter David Ortiz on the
15-day disabled list with a strained right Achilles tendon.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 769 words


<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE BARRY WATSON</b>

William B. Palmer Sr., 56, Ketchikan, Alaska; driving under the influence
(second offense); $2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (325 days
suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

Suzanne M. Wennstrom, 41, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence
(excessive); $2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (352 days
suspended) or 40 hours county work program, one year driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Kenneth P. Merten, 46, Smelterville; Count I: driving under the influence
(second offense); $2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (292 days
suspended, 43 days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's
license suspension, two years probation. Count II: driving without privileges
(second offense); $500 fine ($400 suspended), one year in jail (292 days
suspended, 43 days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

<b>JUDGE JOHN LUSTER</b>

Connor S. Rudy, 21, Coeur d'Alene; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; 60 days in jail.

<b>JUDGE ROBERT CALDWELL</b>

Zachary D. Cheeley, 25, Post Falls; reckless driving (second offense); $500
fine, 180 days in jail (176 days suspended), two years probation.

Shawn R. Smith, 19, Spokane; driving under the influence (under age 21); $1,000
fine ($200 suspended), one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

<b>JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER</b>

Craig M. Pearson, 42, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (excessive);
$2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (325 days suspended) or 64
hours county work program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Bryan S. Kyhl, 34, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $150 fine, 60 days
in jail or proof of valid driver's license.

Lindsay N. Walcker, 19, Kellogg; resisting/obstructing officers; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 90 days in jail (80 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program,
one year probation.

<b>JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN</b>

Alejandra E. Martinez, 40, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($200 suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county
work program, 90 days in jail, one year probation.

Ryan W. Bean, 21, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; five days in
jail.

Desiree N. James, 22, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; five days in
jail or proof of completion of evaluation.

Douglas R. Bitterle III, 34, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 87
days in jail or proof of completion of recommended treatment.

<b>CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

Post Falls Les Schwab Tire Center v. Robert Anderson, seeking $1,816.

Forrest Andrews v. Selway Sound Inc., dba Aspen Sound, seeking an amount to be
proved at trial.

Springleaf Financial v. Brooke Wright, seeking $2,520.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Christina Kolb, seeking $1,351.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Pamela and Craig Johnson, seeking $1,301.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Drew Bracken, seeking $1,956.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Daniel Walk, seeking $1,758.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Marcia Wagner, seeking $1,793.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Antoinette Moorman, aka Annette Moorman and
Ryen Moorman, seeking $1,721.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Matthew Hoffman Jr., seeking $5,084.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. John Paremsky, seeking $2,904.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Maya Jacquot, seeking $1,225.

Post Falls Les Schwab Tire Center v. Joseph Bettencourt, seeking $1,427.

MST Financial Services LLC v. Lenna Davis, seeking $8,100.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Monica Gilbert, seeking $1,837.

Mountain West Bank v. Cody Nimrod, seeking $2,329.

<b>CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

LE Properties-Brian Long v. Ty Cheromiah, plaintiff awarded $1,530.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Candy Combs, plaintiff awarded $1,056.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. John Spencer, plaintiff awarded $1,249.

<b>CIVIL DISMISSALS</b>

Meth Lab Cleanup LLC v. Michael Rowzee.

<b>PETITION FOR CHANGE OF NAME</b>

Samuel Henry Hanna II, petition for change to Matthew Lawrence Hanna.

<b>DIVORCES SOUGHT</b>

Gary E. Karr from Paula Karr.

Jeanne A. Bonthius from Warren W. Bonthius.

Nadezda Novikova from Adam Alesiani.

Kimberlee Mohney from Douglas Mohney.

Connie J. Collins from William Collins.

Steven A. Taylor from Patricia L. Bradway.

<b>DIVORCES GRANTED</b>

Sean Griffin from Susan Griffin.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             July 4, 2009 Saturday

Fayette woman charged with homicide by vehicle while under the influence

BYLINE: Paul Paterra

LENGTH: 267 words


A Fayette County woman has been ordered to stand trial on charges of homicide by
vehicle while driving under the influence in an April crash in Henry Clay
Township that killed a Somerset County woman.

Nora K. McKeel, 46, of 295 Thomas Road, Markleysburg, had a preliminary hearing
Wednesday before North Union District Judge Wendy Dennis. Dennis ordered McKeel
also to stand trial on charges of aggravated assault while driving under the
influence, driving under the influence and various motor vehicle violations.

Karen Metz, 65, of Confluence, died in the three-vehicle crash that occurred at
about 5:30 p.m. April 16 on Route 40. She was a passenger in a 2006 Chevrolet
Impala driven by her husband, George W. Metz, 69.

McKeel was driving west on Route 40 in the wrong lane when her car struck the
Impala head-on, according to a criminal complaint filed by state police.

McKeel's 2007 Pontiac G6 spun off Metz's vehicle and struck a Toyota Highlander
driven by Cameron T. Villemarie, 18, of Reva, Va., in the right eastbound lane
of Route 40.

Metz died on the way to Ruby Memorial Hospital in Morgantown, W.Va.

The criminal complaint said McKeel had a blood-alcohol content of .098 percent.
In Pennsylvania, a driver with a blood alcohol of .08 percent or higher is
presumed to be intoxicated.

Her blood sample also showed traces of various drugs, according to the criminal
complaint.

McKeel and George Metz suffered minor injuries in the crash.

Neither Villemarie nor his passengers, Debbie L. Villemarie, 46; Joseph B.
Villemarie, 48, both of Reva, Va.; and a 12-year old male, were injured.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           September 23, 2005 Friday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 472 words


Teacher: I wasn't under influence

A Santa Fe High School biology teacher said Thursday that she wasn't under the
influence of drugs when she tested positive for cocaine and marijuana at a
domestic violence hearing in District Court last week.

However, Phyllis Hamrick didn't deny she tested positive for the drugs.

Margaret Kegel, a domestic-relations hearing officer, said she ordered the drug
test Sept. 15 because Hamrick had trouble understanding what was happening and
"appeared to be possibly under the influence of something." Hamrick and a
friend, Charles Hoffacker, were to appear because they had filed
domestic-violence petitions against each other. Hoffacker tested positive for
marijuana at the time, according to court documents.

Hamrick said there was nothing strange about her behavior last week, and she
didn't understand what was going on because she's not a legal professional.
Also, she said she's been sick with pneumonia and hasn't been sleeping well
because her boyfriend died in July.

A spokeswoman for the Santa Fe Public Schools said Thursday that she couldn't
comment on Hamrick's job status.

Hurricane might hurt gas supply

Public Service Company of New Mexico announced Thursday that its ability to
supply natural gas might be hampered by Hurricane Rita.

Closures of facilities that receive liquid components cleaned from natural gas
prior to its entry in PNM's system could limit the company's ability to
transport and deliver safe and clean gas, according to a release. Several
natural-gas-cleaning facilities in West Texas and New Mexico shut down Thursday,
but PNM has not yet felt the effects of those closures.

Last week, PNM announced that gas prices could reach an all-time high this
winter.

Teen's murder charge reduced

Charges against one of two Santa Fe men initially charged with murdering another
Santa Fe man in Albuquerque last weekend were reduced Wednesday, according to
court documents.

Marcus Vigil, 16, is now charged with aggravated battery with intent to cause
great bodily harm instead of homicide as well as other charges. Also,
prosecutors filed notice that they plan to seek adult sanctions against Vigil,
said Ben Baur, Vigil's attorney.

Jon Paul Martinez, 18, was stabbed to death Sunday after an argument broke out
about a girl at a party in Albuquerque, according to Albuquerque police. Baur
said Vigil never had a weapon and "never meant for anyone to get hurt."

Fire containment expected today

The nearly 4,000-acre wildfire near the village of El Rito was still 75 percent
contained as of Thursday night.

The fire, which started Saturday in Madera Canyon about six miles west of El
Rito, is believed to have been human caused. It has charred 3,918 acres and cost
an estimated $500,000 to fight. Officials believe six small fires converged
Saturday to create the blaze along Forest Road 137.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 4, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Old ethnic influences still play in cities

BYLINE: Margaret L. Usdansky

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 628 words


Boston has an Irish political legacy stretching from the 1880s to the Kennedys.

Milwaukee has Saturday schools that teach German. Chicago has Polish- language
radio. New Orleans has its famous French Quarter.

The variations reflect some of the diverse ancestral makeup of people in
metropolitan areas around the USA.

But new numbers, released by the Census Bureau last week, don't tell the whole
story: Largely left out of the Census Bureau's questions are those whose history
is traced outside of Europe. The bureau grouped most people who cited a
non-European ancestry under ''other.''

For example, many blacks who wrote they were ''African-American'' were listed by
the Census under ''other.'' And many blacks listed their ancestries as
''American.''

Still, the patterns turned up by the Census - Germans and Poles more prominent
in the Midwest, Italians and Irish in the Northeast - are useful to trace the
history of early immigrants who settled America.

Among the findings:

- Germans are the USA's largest ancestral group. The 1990 Census shows that
almost one-fourth of Americans say they have at least some German ancestry.

- The next largest groups were Irish, 16%; English, 13%; Italian, 6%; Mexican,
5%; U.S. or American, 5%; and French and Polish, each 4%.

- In 27 of the 39 metro areas with more than 1 million residents, Germans, Irish
and English make up the three largest groups, in varying orders. In New York,
Italians are the largest group. In Minneapolis, Norwegians rank third.

''You've got tremendous differences in style and institutions'' from metro area
to metro area, says Brandeis University immigration historian Larry Fuchs.

''Have those (differences) been eroded over the years? Sure, but have they
disappeared? Not by a long shot.''

How deeply a group influences a place's character depends on more than numbers.

Generally, the longer a group has been in the USA, the less likely it is to
retain a distinctive influence.

Outside Midwestern metro areas like Milwaukee, where they make up 48% of
residents, Germans, for example, often are less noticeable than Italians or
Poles. The English are even less in evidence.

While Hispanic and Asian groups dominated immigration during the 1980s, creating
a new set of ethnic neighborhoods, older immigrant groups continue to influence
metro areas like Boston, where 28% of residents claim Irish ancestry.

But the number of white ethnic neighborhoods and the number of people living
within them has dwindled steadily since World War II, says University of
Michigan demographer Reynolds Farley.

Many of ''the old ethnic enclaves in the cities pretty much disappeared with
suburbanization,'' Farley says. And even in cities where enclaves remain, the
vast majority of Poles, Germans, Irish and Italians live outside them.

A few metro areas, however, saw new influxes of old immigrant groups during the
1980s. In Chicago, a wave of newcomers bolstered the Polish community,
increasing the pool of listeners and advertisers for WPNA 1490 AM, the Polish-
language radio station.

Station sales manager Jerry Obrecki believes the metro area's 935,200 Poles have
a more noticeable influence over Chicago than other groups.

''The Irish and Italians settled here much earlier, and they're not coming here
anymore,'' he says. But ''if you step out of your car'' in the new Polish
immigrant neighborhood along Milwaukee Avenue and Belmont Street, ''every deli,
every flower shop is Polish.''

In other cities, new immigrants are transforming old immigrant neighborhoods.
''In New York's Little Italy, there still are Italian restaurants,'' says
demographer Richard Alba, of the State University of New York at Albany. ''But
the people there are overwhelmingly Chinese.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CENSUS REPORT; THE USA'S ANCESTRY

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Phila. an early influence for King

SECTION: CURRENTS; P-com Opinion; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 577 words


In a recent entry of the Encyclopedia of Greater Philadelphia, historian Daniel
Thomas Fleming argues that "Philadelphia has had a greater influence on Martin
Luther King Jr. holiday traditions than any city other than King's birthplace,
Atlanta."

As Philadelphians prepare to celebrate this year's holiday Monday, consider the
region's influence upon King himself through Delaware County's Crozer
Theological Seminary.

King arrived at Crozer in the footsteps of the Rev. J. Pius Barbour, a family
friend who, like the 19-year-old, traveled to the Chester seminary from
Morehouse College in Atlanta.

Out of nearly 100 seminarians - the vast majority of whom lived in on-campus
dormitories - King was one of only 11 African Americans when he matriculated in
1948.

"If I were a minute late to class I was almost morbidly conscious of it and sure
that everyone noticed," King later recounted of his college years. "Rather than
be thought of as always laughing, I'm afraid I was grimly serious for a time. I
had a tendency to overdress, to keep my room spotless, my shoes perfectly
shined, and my clothes immaculately pressed."

The demographics of King's class, however, did not reflect Crozer's theological
liberality. Through courses with George Washington Davis and Robert Keighton,
King expanded his views on the Christian social gospel and the pivotal role of
preaching.

"I must be concerned about unemployment, slums, and economic insecurity. I am a
profound advocator of the social gospel," King wrote in a freshman assignment.

It was also during his time at Crozer that - through traveling lectures by A.J.
Muste and Mordecai Johnson - King was introduced to pacifism and the Gandhian
principle of nonviolence as a mechanism of social reform.

As liberal as the school and professors may have been, King nevertheless
encountered racism on and off campus. When King was a freshman, a white student
drew a pistol after falsely accusing him of having masterminded a prank. During
King's sophomore year, the proprietor of a Chester tavern made it clear he would
not be serving King and his friends, by firing a gun into the air.

But the future civil rights leader was undaunted. "King . . . immersed himself
in Crozer's intellectual environment," observed historian Clayborne Carson.
Elected class president his junior year, King graduated with honors as
valedictorian in 1951.

His receipt of the seminary's Pearl Plafker Award for the most outstanding
student allowed King to pursue doctoral studies in systematic theology at Boston
University.

Upon graduating, Davis - King's former professor - confided to a colleague that
he would "make an excellent minister or teacher. He has the mind for the
latter." Or, as Morton Scott Enslin, another former professor, presciently put
it: "He will probably become a big strong man among his people."

The seminary is the namesake of John Price Crozer, a Baptist farmer and
entrepreneur. Built on Crozer's Upland estate, the large stone building began as
a "normal school" for underprivileged youth in the 1850s.

During the Civil War, it served as a Union hospital and - after a 12-foot fence
was erected along its perimeter - treated Confederate wounded.

Crozer's children dedicated the building for use as a seminary in 1868, with the
institution remaining in operation for more than a century. In 1970, Crozer
merged with the Colgate-Rochester Seminary in New York. The building is now part
of the Crozer-Chester Medical Center campus.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HSP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 27, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 955 words


NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Patrick McFadden

Joel C. Vannoy, 26, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: invalid driver's license; $500 fine
($300 suspended), 30 days in jail (24 days suspended), two years probation.
Count II: failure to provide proof of vehicle insurance; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 60 days in jail (54 days suspended), two years probation. Counts
concurrent.

John C. Byers, 20, Coeur d'Alene, minor consuming alcohol; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Judge Clark Peterson

Steven A. Dechellis Jr., 21, Coeur d'Alene; frequenting a place where a
controlled substance is used; $200 fine, $100 restitution to state lab, six days
in jail (credited).

Kevin L. Gilbert, 23, Coeur d'Alene; unlawful entry; $250 fine, 10 days in jail.

Vito M. Marzano, 21, Coeur d'Alene; use of telephone to harass/annoy/threaten;
90 days in jail.

Claudia A. Vogler, 48, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Titan F. Morelan, 29, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 10 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Paula L. Savage, 38, Athol; driving without privileges; $300 fine, 180 days in
jail (172 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 30 days unscheduled
jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Zachary A. Baker, 21, Hayden; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 90 days in
jail (86 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Timothy B. Willison, 22, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 20 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

Jory D.E. Worley, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine
($300 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Charles J. Moore, 27, St. Regis, Mont.; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
90 days in jail (88 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one
year probation.

Russell R. Swader, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (150 days suspended), 209 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Randy B. Milks, 28, Richland; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Wallace E. Pratt, 59, Post Falls; disturbing the peace; $500 fine (suspended),
180 days in jail (140 days suspended), two years probation, 30 days unscheduled
jail time.

Judge Scott Wayman

Candi L. Wilcox, 48, Coeur d'Alene; battery on an officer; $1,000 fine ($750
suspended), 180 days in jail (168 days suspended, 12 days credited), one year
probation.

Sheila M. Stilson, 54, Rathdrum; driving without privileges; $250 fine, five
days in jail, 180 days driver's license suspension.

Civil complaints

Asset Acceptance LLC v. Michael Knipprath, seeking $3,291.

Asset Acceptance LLC v. Kimberly Sherman, seeking $1,734.

Asset Acceptance LLC v. Grace Blomgren, seeking $34,388.

Midland Funding LLC v. Phillip Hammon, seeking $4,220.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Paul Tilton, seeking $3,025.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Darren Nipp, seeking $6,226.

American Express v. Carrell Umlday, seeking $2,246.

Nick Pintler v. Charles Houchin, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

All Season Tire and Automotive v. Martha Nestor, seeking $2,186.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Daniel Pugh, seeking $1,012.

Capital One Bank v. Hope Cahill, seeking $2,529.

Capital One Bank v. Rebecca Lee, seeking $1,505.

Capital One Bank v. Janice Coe, seeking $3,796.

Capital One Bank v. Lenny Luck, seeking $1,100.

Midland Funding LLC v. James Walker, seeking $1,173.

American Express v. James Mitchell, seeking $1,859.

American Express v. Axel Haas, seeking $1,229.

Spokane Merchants Association, dba NACM Inland Northwest v. Sterling Concrete
LLC and Joshua and Carla Willette, seeking $14,921.

Asset Acceptance LLC v. Debra Roscoe, seeking $6,987.

Asset Acceptance LLC v. David Mazzuca, seeking $2,189.

John Beutler and Ann Beutler v. Bret and Jill Minzghor, seeking $85,000.

John and Ann Beutler v. Jim and Christiane Fox, seeking $85,000.

Coeur d'Alene Property v. Anthony Owens, Jacob Bowman and Ginetta Owens, seeking
$5,000.

Melissa Hess v. Jody McCullough-Staley and Michael Staley, seeking an amount to
be proved at trial.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jerry Harris Jr., seeking $2,150.

Capital One Bank v. Cheryl Eastman, seeking $7,829.

Capital One Bank v. Dorane Palm, seeking $6,441.

Capital One Bank v. Jason Duram, seeking $1,163.

Divorces sought

Randall J. Franssen from Dana M. Franssen.

Gregory R. Ford from Jessica Kruse-Malle.

Scott G. Slocumb from Elfrieda P. Benson.

Divorces granted

Maigan Vanditto from Eli D. Vanditto.

Stephen A. Wing from Natalie M. Wing.

BANKRUPTCIES

Filings from May 17.

Chapter 7 (liquidation petitions)

Sue D. Thompson, aka Sue Mabrey, aka Sue Robins, aka Sue Robbins, aka Sue Orr,
Post Falls, debts of $213,901.

Jennifer C. Balaszi, Post Falls, debts of $269,228.

Irina Branzburg, Sagle, Idaho, debts of $29,000.

Deborah A. McCallister, Hayden, debts of $18,108.

Lonnie E. and Gwynne M. LaRabee, Rathdrum, debts of $208,582.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

El Nino packs a punch far beyond soggy California;
A periodic climate phenomenon, El Nino has prompted storms to smack southern
California this week rather than the Pacific Northwest. But Indonesia and parts
of Australia are also affected, except they're too dry.

BYLINE: Peter N. Spotts Staff writer

LENGTH: 649 words


From rain-soaked, mud-caked southern California to southern Africa and
Indonesia, El Niño is influencing seasonal weather patters around the globe.Much
of the weather-related attention in the United States focuses on the Golden
State, where a series of storms this week have dumped between 8 and 10 inches of
rain in the mountains around Los Angeles. States of emergency were declared in
five counties - three in southern California.But forecasters note that the
effects of El Niño and its La Niña counterpart, which constitute a see-sawing
climate phenomenon in the tropical Pacific, touch virtually every continent.Its
influence on global weather patterns on seasonal time scales "far dwarfs
everything else we've got," says Mike Halpert, deputy director of the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Climate Prediction Center in Camp
Springs, Md.This El Niño's ranking: top third for strengthAs measured by NOAA
criteria, the current El Niño, which arrived last July, has nudged its way into
the "strong" category, Mr. Halpert says. Although it is far weaker than similar
events in 1982-83 and 1997-98, the current El Niño's intensity places it among
the top third of all El Niños since 1950. El Niño is an unusually deep warm pool
of water that builds in the tropical western Pacific, then migrates east toward
the west coast of South America. Warm, moist air rising off that pool triggers
the formation of thunderstorms, whose strong updrafts represent a crucial part
of the atmosphere's heat pump -drawing warm air from the tropics up and toward
the poles, where it cools, sinks, and circulates back toward the equator.The
change in location for that vigorous, widely spread region of convection from
west to east in turn alters atmospheric circulation patterns.

As the circulation patterns shift, so does the distribution of heat and
moisture.These so-called teleconnections are the strongest in the tropics, says
Tony Barnston, lead climate forecaster at the International Research Institute
for Climate and Society at Columbia University's Earth Institute in Palisades,
N.Y. They are somewhat weaker across the US.Jet stream becomes more
southerlyStill, as Southland residents can attest, El Niño's influence can be
significant. That influence has less to do with the strength and number of
storms, Mr. Barnston says, than it does with where storms make landfall along
the Pacific coast.He explains that a storm-steering river of high-altitude wind
called the jet stream crosses North America farther north, on average, in the
absence of El Niño. Much of the weather recently striking the Southland would be
plowing into the Pacific Northwest instead.But El Niño's influence pulls the
average path of the jet stream to the south, drawing more storms than usual
across the southernmost tier of the US. While these regions get a dousing,
others - such as the Rocky Mountain states, the upper Great Plains, and much of
the Midwest - don't receive as much precipitation as usual. And temperatures
flip, with much of the southern tier colder than normal, while states such as
Montana, the Dakotas, and Minnesota are warmer than normal (although still
frosty).In the southern hemisphere, where it's now late summer, El Niño brings
drier-than-normal conditions to much of southern Africa and northeastern Brazil.
One of the hardest-hit regions spans Indonesia and northern and eastern
Australia, where precipitation can fall well below normal.One result: an
increase in wildfires in Indonesia, with smoke overspreading much of Southeast
Asia. Many of Indonesia's wildfires start after farmers clear forests to grow
crops, exposing layers of peat that become tinder-dry. In 2007, scientists
working with NASA's Aqua satellite reported finding a strong correlation between
spikes in Indonesian wildfires and the peak of El Niño events between 2000 and
2006. ----Follow us on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             May 22, 2008 Thursday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 328 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases Jan. 1-Feb. 29, 2008

Ronald A. Kane, 41, Ellsworth, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, $400, jail
two days, restitution $110.

Sinda Karklina, 19, Brooklyn, N.Y., minor possessing liquor, $200.

Robert M. Kearns, 38, Bangor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500.

Gregory D. Keating, 41, Ellsworth, operating ATV while under the influence of
intoxicants, $400, jail 48 hours.

Alexander S. Keene, 19, Bar Harbor, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Scott Kelly, 35, Biddeford, intentional violation of consumer contract, $500
suspended, restitution $1,000.

Richard W. Kelman, 65, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Charmaine M. Kenney, 37, Hancock, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Andrew Kephart, 23, Ellsworth, criminal threatening, $500.

Kathy M. Knott, 23, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Melissa K. Kott, 21, Wolfeboro, N.H., operating vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Scott A. Lambdin, 37, Surry, operating vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicants, $600, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Martin T. Larsen, 32, Bucksport, unlawful use of license, $150.

Adrienne L. Leblanc, 24, Belfast, operating vehicle after registration
suspended, $150.

Christopher J. Leipfort, 37, Johnson City, N.Y., operating vehicle while under
the influence of intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days,
restitution $926.52.

Gregory Lemoine, 33, Lamoine, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $350.

Adam Lewis, 43, Gouldsboro, elver harvesting during closed season, $250.

Xiaoyang Luo, 35, Bar Harbor, speeding 30-plus mph more than posted speed,
dismissed.

Donna L. Lushbaugh, 38, Trenton, failing to register vehicle, $150.

Ronald E. Lyons, 22, no residence listed, violating condition of release, jail
48 hours.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            November 12, 2007 Monday

Obama Warns of Using GIs To Blunt Iran's Influence

BYLINE: JOSH GERSTEIN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 738 words


Senator Obama is warning that Senator Clinton would use American troops in Iraq
to blunt Iranian influence there, an approach that he contends would complicate
the military's mission and have the potential to delay an American withdrawal.

"The primary difference between myself and Senator Clinton is that she believes
that our force structure inside Iraq should, in part, depend on how we can
prevent Iran from having influence inside of Iraq. And I think that is a
mistake, particularly at a time when we know this administration has been
itching to escalate the tensions between Iran and the United States," Mr. Obama
said yesterday in an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press."

The Illinois senator, who is one of Mrs. Clinton's rivals for the Democratic
presidential nomination, pointed to a statement the former first lady made
earlier this year in which she said one goal for American forces remaining in
Iraq should be to limit Iranian meddling in the country.

"We have a continuing vital national security interest in trying to prevent Iran
from crossing the border and having too much influence inside of Iraq," Mrs.
Clinton said in a March interview with the New York Times.

"That then presents the possibility of a mission creep, an expansion that would
involve more troops than I think is necessary," Mr. Obama said yesterday.

Aides to Mrs. Clinton suggested that Mr. Obama's critique smacked of opportunism
prompted by a desire to appeal to anti-war Democrats. In a rebuttal posted on
the Internet, Mrs. Clinton's campaign said that in a speech about a year ago,
the Illinois senator said "the exact same thing" about using American forces to
limit Iranian meddling in Iraq.

"A reduced but active presence [in Iraq] will also send a clear message to
hostile countries like Iran and Syria that we intend to remain a key player in
this region," Mr. Obama declared in a speech last November to a Chicago foreign
affairs group. "Make no mistake - if the Iranians and Syrians think they can use
Iraq as another Afghanistan or a staging area from which to attack Israel or
other countries, they are badly mistaken. It is in our national interest to
prevent this from happening."

Contrary to the suggestion from Mrs. Clinton's camp, Mr. Obama's proposal was
not exactly the same as that of the New York senator. He made clear in his
remarks a year ago that the residual American force that might counterbalance
Iran would operate only at the invitation of an Iraqi government making progress
on resolving the country's internal strife. Mrs. Clinton's use of the term
"vital national security interest" suggested she would seek to thwart Iran even
if the Iraqis fail to get their house in order.

On the other hand, Mr. Obama's insistence that the disagreement is a major point
of difference with Mrs. Clinton seems overwrought since he alluded to American
troops playing the same role, albeit with Iraqi consent.

On NBC, Mr. Obama also endorsed a tax hike to address a future shortfall in the
Social Security Trust Fund. He said he had not settled on a precise formula but
that he would favor extending the tax to income beyond the current cap of
$97,500 a person.

"The best option would be to make sure that those who are in the best position
to help solve this problem are willing to do so," Mr. Obama said. He said he
might support a "doughnut hole" that would tax high-income earners, but not
impose the tax on incomes just over the cap. "Tax increase for people like
myself, probably," he said.

Mr. Obama seemed to soften his opposition to proposals to shore up Social
Security by increasing the retirement age or indexing benefits to prices rather
than wages.

Asked repeatedly if such changes were out of the question, Mr. Obama said, "I
will listen to all arguments and the best options, finding out what is it going
to take to close that gap."

Though Mr. Obama has raised doubts about Mrs. Clinton's electability, he said
yesterday he believes Mrs. Clinton could overcome those concerns. "I'm not
somebody who believes that she can't win. I believe that it's going to be harder
for her to win, because I think a lot of voters go in with some preconceptions
about her that are going to be ? very difficult to overcome," he said.

The Illinois senator said Mrs. Clinton's greater challenge would be passing
health care or climate change legislation that would upset the status quo. "We
can't do that with a 50-plus-one majority," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 25, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 424 words


Bonner County

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Rocky A. Seaman - 56, Ponderay, grand theft, $25,000 bond.

Jason D. Smith - 32, Omaha, Neb., lewd conduct with a minor (two counts), $5,000
bond.

Kathleen L. Stritenberger - 29, Phoenix, Ariz., failure to appear/frequenting a
place where a controlled substance is used, $350 bond.

Maureen E. Swenson - 40, Riverside, Calif., failure to comply/possession of a
controlled substance, $350 bond.

Michael J. Temples - 34, Sandpoint, grand theft (two counts), petty theft,
$10,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Rosalio Aguilar-Leguizamo - 25, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving
without privileges, failure to comply/driving under the influence, $8,600 bond.

Christopher S. Alonzo - 21, Sandpoint, failure to comply/insufficient funds
check fraud, $127 bond.

William D. Alsup - 35, Sandpoint, failure to comply/criminal trespass, $1,000
bond.

Gregory G. Anderson - 39, Spokane, failure to comply/criminal trespass, $1,000
bond.

Ryan B. Austin - 18, Priest River, failure to comply/reckless driving, two days
in jail.

Frank Barajas Jr. - 23, Paradise, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $2,000 bond.

Douglas S. Barlow - 37, Spokane, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Rok T. Bass - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
driving under the influence, $2,390.

Loyd N. Belgarde -  47, Sandpoint, failure to appear/theft by
receiving/possessing stolen property, $2,000 bond.

Gary G. Bostick - 49, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Johnathon T. Brocato - 28, Sagle, failure to appear/resisting/obstructing
officers, $2,000 bond.

Robert L. Browning - 53, Sagle, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$2,500 bond.

Lawrence W. Cross Jr. - 32, Sandpoint, failure to appear/domestic battery,
malicious injury to property, $7,082 bond.

Elise A. Davidson - 42, Spirit Lake, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $5,000 bond.

William B. Davis - 21, Vancouver, Wash., failure to
appear/possession/consumption /purchase of alcohol by a minor, $300 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            October 27, 2006 Friday

Crime watch for Oct. 27, 2006

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 942 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Kristie Carter, U.S. Highway 701 N, Elizabethtown, N.C.; marijuana, small amount
for personal use; waived to court.

Robert Weiser, York Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Layton Kaiser II, Keats Way, Indiana, Pa.; possession of marijuana; waived to
court.

Domino Acevedo, Conewago Creek Road, Manchester; receiving stolen property; held
for court.

Chad Keebaugh, Red Stone Drive, York Haven; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Brian Kromer, Carlisle Road, Dillsburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Donna Wiland, Susquehanna Trail; driving under the influence; held for court.

David Hannigan, Starview Road, Mount Wolf; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Clifford Geiger, Ridge Road, Etters; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Jeremiah Shoemaker, Box 662, Port Royal; indecent exposure; waived to court.

Edward Sgrignoli, Fallsview St., York Haven; harassment; held for court.

Ronald Fisher, Pleasantview Drive, Etters; corruption of minors; waived to
court.

Douglas Usko, Black Walnut Drive, Etters; distribute small amount of marijuana;
held for court.

Lorayne Souders, Black Walnut Drive, Etters; distribute small amount of
marijuana; waived to court.

Joseph Kerstan, Old York Road, New Cumberland; simple assault; waived to court.

Steven Payne, York St., Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Robert Rondon, E. Clark St.; driving under the influence; held for court.

David Cant Jr., Springers Lane, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Gary Shaffer, Railroad, Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Holly Demmitt, Fairway Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Stephen Pancoe, Steinhower Road, York Haven; harassment; held for court.

Cory Young, Holly Drive, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Pedro Munoz-Cortes, Terrace Place, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Edward Over, Evergreen Road, New Cumberland; simple assault; held for court.

Thomas Lisse, Lavina Drive, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Herbiberto Amaro, White Dogwood Drive, Etters; indecent assault; held for court.

Ebony Elliott, E. Ramsay Place, New Cumberland; marijuana, small amount for
personal use; waived to court.

Kevin Walters, Ridge Hill Road, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Genna Atticks, Oak Knoll Road, New Cumberland; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Bonnie Cooper, Eagle Lane, Etters; acquired or obtained possession of controlled
substance; waived to court.

Andrew Stoner, Pleasant View Road, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Barbara Moody, Apple Drive, Mechanicsburg; arson; waived to court.

Matthew Long, Lavender Lane, Levittown; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

Wendy Hawkins, Copenhaffer Road; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Dean Keener, Kingsley Road, Camp Hill; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Ronald R. King, Bull Road, Dover; simple assault; waived to court.

Michael Disante, Oak Knoll Road, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

David Caskey, Freys Road, Elizabethtown; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Rhonda Harris, York Haven Road, York Haven; recklessly endangering another
person; waived to court.

Jesse Beshore, Gurtner Road, New Cumberland; burglary; waived to court.

Lloyd Schurtz, Grandview Drive, York Haven; retail theft; waived to court.

Randall Peacock, Chandler Drive, Red Lion; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Lloyd C. Schurtz, 2900 Block of Grandview Drive, York Haven; disorderly conduct,
public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Scott P. Enfield, 300 Block Philadelphia St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, time
to pay.

Rogelio C. Vittini, 1300 Block York Haven Road, York Haven; harassment; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Kunal Y. Amin, 1300 Block Stonehedge Drive; criminal trespass; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Charles S. Billet, 1300 Block Cassel Road, Manchester; public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, time to pay.

Tracy Knaub, 5600 Block Susquehanna Trail, Manchester; harassment; pleaded
guilty, time to pay.

Edward Scrignoli, 100 Block Fallsview St., York Haven; borough ordinance,
nuisance; found guilty, time to pay.

District Judge Kim Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Co dorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jefferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Daniel M. Walker, 8204 Grassland Road, Severn, Md.; fishing rules and
regulations; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Dustin M. Permenter, 4965 Rocky Road, Glenville; unlawful hunting devices and
methods; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jimmy L. Snyder, 612 N. Pershing Ave.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

William L. Beck Jr., 379 Church Road, Orrtanna; general boating regulations;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Michael P. McMaster, 7863 Gnatstown Road, Hanover; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Anthony E. Wittbecker, 14 Bosley Lane, Reisterstown, Md.; fishing without a
valid license; pleaded guilty, sentenced to pay fine and costs.

Cortney L. Lyter, 12 Cherry Court, New Oxford; purchase, etc. alcohol beverage
by minor; pleaded guilty, sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Andrew K. Briggeman Sr., 13 E. Locust St., New Oxford; retail theft; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Samantha L. George, 2921 Pentland Road, Spring Grove; harassment; pleaded
guilty, sentenced to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday
                                  1 - Edition

No Title

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 213 words


Hilton's boyfriend charged

LAS VEGAS: Paris Hilton's boyfriend was driving under the influence of marijuana
when he was arrested with the celebrity socialite on the Las Vegas Strip in
August, according to a criminal complaint filed by prosecutors on Thursday. Cy
Waits, 35, faces a felony charge of being under the influence of marijuana, and
misdemeanour charges of possession of marijuana and driving under the influence.
He could face up to four years in prison if convicted.

Saddam role for Sacha

LOS ANGELES: British comic Sacha Baron Cohen will star as Saddam Hussein in a
film he co-wrote. The Dictator, which is scheduled for release in May 2012, is
inspired by a book the former Iraqi leader himself wrote, titled Zabibah and The
King.

Paramount joked: ``The film tells of a dictator who risked his life to ensure
that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.''

Clooney in wars

HOLLYWOOD actor and human rights activist George Clooney contracted malaria
during his recent visit to Sudan for elections there, he said in comments to CNN
talk show host Piers Morgan.

The A-list star jokingly agreed that Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir, who is
wanted for war crimes and genocide by the International Criminal Court, may be
to blame for the mosquito bite.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           December 25, 2004 Saturday

Arrest Log

SECTION: POLICE LOG

LENGTH: 410 words


Acton

Cynthia Klippel, 44, 56 Maple St.; driving under the influence of alcohol,
marked-lanes violation.

Timothy O'Neil, 41, 424 Great Rd.; warrant for motor-vehicle charges.

Ayer

Diane M. Murphy, 55, 3 Raymond Court, Hudson; shoplifting [third offense].

Carleton R. Bryer, 59, 445 Stevens St., Lowell; driving under the influence of
alcohol, marked-lanes violation, speeding.

Edward W. Homer, 64, 26 Sunset Road, Groton; driving under the influence of
alcohol, failing to signal turn, marked-lanes violation.

Jared D. Storlazzi, 29, 147 Snake Hill Road; assault and battery on a police
officer [2 counts], resisting arrest.

Boxboro

Andrew Olson, 19, 9 Erin Drive, Mansfield; possession of marijuana [subsequent
offense].

Gerard Dumas, 20, 741 Ware St., Mansfield, possession of marijuana.

Andrew Rakanskes, 18, 27 King Arthur Way, Mansfield; possession of marijuana,
being a minor in possession of alcohol.

Carlisle

Michael E. Woison, 44, Cambridge; driving under the influence of alcohol,
speeding.

Hudson, N.H.

Shannon Hultslander, 35 1/2 Vine St., Nashua; driving while intoxicated,
defective headlamp.

Harvard

Michael Surprenant, 32, Boca Raton, Fla.; operating under the influence of
alcohol.

Hudson

Jamie Devou, 23, 103 Spit Brook Road, Unit E6; driving after license revocation
or suspension, driving after registration suspension.

Allen L. Chandonnet, 33, Manchester; habitual offender, driving without giving
proof of insurance, possession of a controlled substance, warrant.

Lowell

Raymond Thach, 21, 430 Wilder St., Unit 5; domestic assault and battery, assault
and battery.

Geoff North, 44, 956 Lakeview Ave.; domestic assault and battery.

Jamie Shattuck, 28, 17 Harris Ave.; domestic assault and battery.

Ulla Ode, 38, no known address; resisting arrest, assault and battery on a
police officer.

Michael Fitzgerald, 46, 125 Westford St., Unit 5; driving without a license.

Nashua

Tabitha E. Lavoie, 20, 103 Bowers St., Unit C; disorderly conduct.

Peter A. Cormier, 56, 3 Murray Court, Unit 28; criminal trespassing.

Mark J. Amsden, 35, 4 Auburn St., Unit 10; forgery, theft by unauthorized taking
[fraud], giving a false report to law enforcement.

David P. Winslow, 43, 37 Courtland St., Unit C; criminal mischief [vandalism].

Jordan Estrada, 17, 15 Gillis St.; resisting arrest [2 counts], probation or
parole violation, possession of a controlled/narcotic drug, simple assault [2
counts].

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2004


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 28, 2014 Monday
                                 CHASE EDITION

Cash pours into mayoral races;
Super PACs focused on certain candidates are big factor in 2014

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, @fschouten, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 420 words


Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has stockpiled more than $8 million in campaign money
for his re-election.

That hasn't stopped a super PAC backed by the Democrat's allies from gathering
six-figure checks from some of Chicago's best-known business leaders before
February's election. In four weeks, Chicago Forward raised more than $1.3
million from donors, such as hedge-fund billionaire Kenneth Griffin and Groupon
Chairman Eric Lefkofsky.

The big-dollar support for Emanuel's agenda is the latest sign that
super-PAC-scale spending is hitting local contests. Super PACs, allowed by a
pair of federal court rulings in 2010, can accept unlimited amounts of money
from corporations, unions and individuals to influence elections, but they
cannot coordinate their activity with candidates.

"It's the new, shiny object," said Edwin Bender, executive director of the
non-partisan National Institute on Money in State Politics. "A lot of money can
flow easily through super PACs."

Super PACs focused on individual contests are a big factor in this year's races
for Congress. In all, 61 candidate-specific super PACs have spent more than $21
million to influence races, data compiled by the non-partisan Center for
Responsive Politics show. They account for more than 25% of all super PAC
activity in federal races.

There's no central database of super PACs that operate at the municipal level,
but a review of city-level campaign-finance records shows a new wave of
unlimited outside money swamping mayoral races coast to coast.

In New Jersey this year, for instance, outside super PACs spent nearly $5.3
million to influence Newark's hotly contested mayor's race -- outspending the
candidates themselves, according to data compiled by the New Jersey Election Law
Enforcement Commission. That's a record amount of outside spending in a Garden
State election.

Newark First, which backed law professor Shavar Jeffries' unsuccessful bid, was
the biggest spender, pumping $4.2 million into the race. Most of its money came
from Education Reform Now, a group funded by several New York money managers who
support charter schools and tightening tenure rules for public school teachers.
Former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, who backs charter schools, donated
$400,000 to the pro-Jeffries' super PAC.

In the end, Democrat Ras Baraka prevailed in the election in May.

In Illinois, Emanuel awaits a big-name rival. This month, one of his strongest
potential challengers, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, announced
she would not run.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 696 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Edward Lynn reported Friday the $940 theft of a backpack, clothing, makeup and
iPod from his 2006 Toyota Tacoma parked at his home on the 500 block of West
Spokane Street.

Dylan Oaks reported Friday the $620 theft of a tuner, cable and headphones from
his 2005 Subaru Legacy parked at Lakes Middle School, 916 N. 15th St.

Karl Lakey reported Friday the $500 theft of a bicycle from his home on the 2800
block of West Bolivar Avenue.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Robert Caldwell

Jacob H. Kramer, 34, Moscow; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180 days in
jail (172 days suspended), 32 hours community service, 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Michael G. Lake, 64, Hayden; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180 days in
jail (suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Lawrence C. Abrahamson, 40, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 43
days in jail (credited).

Andrew J. Soy, 23, Coeur d'Alene; frequenting a place where a controlled
substance is used; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (80 days suspended), two years
probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Stacee N. Hoppe, 30, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($750
suspended), 180 days in jail (145 days suspended) or 40 hours community service,
30 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days suspended), two years probation.

Melissa S. Watson, 33, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 72 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

David W. Tassler, 22, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $800 fine, $100
restitution to state lab, 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or eight hours
county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Timothy A. Ozminkowski, 23, Coeur d'Alene; use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; $300 fine, five days in jail or 16 hours
county work program.

Judge Barry Watson

Martin R. Farlow, 53, Post Falls; pedestrian under the influence; $300 fine, 10
days in jail (credited).

Civil complaints

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Dorian and Steve Komberec, seeking $1,828,

Velocity Investments LLC and US Bank v. Jesse Hopp, seeking $6,464.

Capital One Bank v. Julie Yates, seeking $2,711.

Capital One Bank v. Monica Nicasio, seeking $2,459.

Asset Acceptance LLC v. Jade Ives, seeking $1,475.

Capital One Bank v. Sandra Davis, seeking $6,290.

Capital One Bank v. Sandra Deeter, seeking $2,975.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Robert Dickinson, seeking $1,045.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jason Churchill and Heather Churchill,
seeking $1,073.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Raymond Doney, seeking $1,281.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kimberlee Dawes, seeking $1,880.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Sean Cafferty, seeking $2,104.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Vicki Coffman, seeking $4,575.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Robert Rippee III, seeking $1,212.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Leroy Mannor, seeking $5,573.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Chantelle Steinke, seeking $1,023.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Pamela Allen, seeking $2,130.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Sandra Brungardt, seeking $1,132.

Steve Rice v. Tony Young and Specialty Sprinklers, seeking $5,000.

Civil judgments

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Dana Hunt, plaintiff awarded $5,700.

Asset Acceptance and Capital One Bank v. Rex Umland, plaintiff awarded $3,899.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brandon Hays, plaintiff awarded $2,460.

American Express Centurion Bank v. Hannelore Jones, plaintiff awarded $11,117.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Matthew Tompkins,
plaintiff awarded $3,381.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jason Corcoran, plaintiff awarded $3,201.

Divorces sought

Brenda R. Crispin from John D. Crispin.

Richard A. Ransier Jr. from Lisa G. Ransier.

Gregory A. Beal from Leah Mortensen Beal.

Bonnie S. Kemp from Randy P. Kemp.

Divorces granted

MacKenzie M. Kelley from Jordan A. Kelley.

Marla A. Perfect from John F. Perfect.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                           January 13, 2007 Saturday

Tyson indicted on drug charges in Arizona

BYLINE: Daily News Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 485 words


Former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson has been indicted in Phoenix on charges of
drug possession and driving under the influence of drugs.

Tyson, 40, was indicted yesterday on felony drug possession and paraphernalia
possession counts and two misdemeanor counts of driving under the influence of
drugs. If convicted of all four charges, he could be sentenced to up to 7 ½
years in prison, Maricopa County (Ariz.) Attorney Andrew Thomassaid.

The charges stem from Tyson's Dec. 29 arrest in Scottsdale. Tyson was pulled
over after leaving a nightclub, and an officer found bags of cocaine in his back
pocket and another in a package of cigarettes in his car, according to court
records.

Tyson's criminal attorney, Thomas Marlowe, didn't immediately return phone
calls.

Thomas said he would pursue prison time for Tyson, who was convicted of rape in
Indiana in 1992 and pleaded no contest to misdemeanor assault charges in
Maryland in 1999.

Colleges

 Penn State linebacker Dan Connor (Strath Haven High) is passing up a chance to
enter the NFL draft to return to school for his senior year. Connor had 113
tackles, five sacks and three forced fumbles last season.

Meanwhile, Paul Posluszny, Penn State's career tackle leader and a two-time
first team All-America, has been selected the NCAA Defensive Player of the Year
by the Pigskin Club of Washington, D.C.

An estimated 2,000 mourners gathered at a church in suburban Los Angeles to
remember Southern California kicker Mario Danelo, whose body was found last
weekend about 120 feet down a rocky cliff not far from his family's home San
Pedro, Calif.

Golf

 History finally arrived at the Sony Open in Honolulu when a teenager from
Hawaii made the cut. Michelle Wie won't be around to see it. Tadd Fujikawa, a
5-1 sophomore who turned 16 on Monday, stole the show from the island's biggest
golf star with an eagle on the last hole for a 4-under 66, making him the
youngest player in 50 years to make the cut on the PGA Tour. Paul Goydos and
Luke Donald shared the lead at 11-under 129. Fujikawa was tied for 25th at
3-under 137. Wie shot 76, was 14-over for the two rounds and missed the cut by
14 shots.

James Kingston shot his second straight 66 for a share of the second-round lead
with South African compatriots Hennie Otto and Jakobus Roos in the inaugural
Joburg Open in Johannesburg, South Africa.

Ryder Cup stars Darren Clarke and Lee Westwood beat S.K. Ho and Toru Taniguchi,
4 and 3, in alternate-shot play to help Europe take a 3 ½- ¼ lead over Asia
after the first day of the Royal Trophy in Bangkok, Thailand.

Tennis

Kim Clijsters began her retirement year with a victory, beating Jelena Jankovic,
4-6, 7-6 (1), 6-4, in the Sydney (Australia) International final. Defending
men's champion James Blake cruised into the Sydney final in a walkover when
Jurgen Melzer could not start his semifinal due to illness. Blake will go for
the title today against Carlos Moya.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             July 18, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 411 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Clayton D. Carson - 46, Kalispell, Mont., failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Rodney J. McGuire - 38, Sagle, driving under the influence, $25,000 bond.

Rocky A. Seaman - 55, Ponderay, grand theft, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, parole violation/driving under the influence, $30,188 bond.

Darrell W. Voegele -  32, Sandpoint, insufficient funds check fraud, $5,000
bond.

John L. West - 28, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/forgery, $40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Randall B. Brewer - 30, Cocolalla, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$350 bond.

Jason Brown -  26, Sandpoint, failure to appear/petty theft, $500 bond.

David P. Burdick - 51, Dover, insufficient funds check fraud, forgery, $12,000
bond.

Kendra D. Dixson -  26, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
possession of marijuana, $4,000 bond.

Connie J. Grubbe -  28, Ponderay, failure to appear/resisting/obstructing, $300
bond.

Randy S. Hagen - 50, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/disturbing the peace, two
days in jail.

Robert W. Hill - 46, Kellogg, driving without privileges, $2,500 bond.

Travis A. Mann - 24, Spokane, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Donita M . Richardson - 44, Columbia Falls, Mont., failure to appear/driving
under the influence, $3,323.

Alex M. Rios - 35, Escondido, Calif., parole violation and failure to
comply/driving under the influence, $5,216 bond.

Joshua E. Sandage - 28, Cornelius, Ore., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $250 bond.

Warner W. Slater - 41, Colville, failure to comply/driving a vehicle without
owner's consent, petty theft, $2,000 bond.

Margo K. Splawn - 31, Moses Lake, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$100 bond.

Justin J. Stokes - 31, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Joel E. Sweeney - 32, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$2,100 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 451 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Robert P. Dickerson Jr. - 26, Spirit Lake, parole violation/possession of
methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

John T. Ensminger -  36, Sandpoint, parole violation/driving under the influence
, failure to carry a driver's license, $40,000 bond.

Stephen A. M. Estes - 18, Sagle, parole violation/burglary, curfew violation,
$10,000 bond.

Shawnon L. Jarvis - 35, Newport, Wash., accessory to aggravated battery,
harboring a fugitive, aggravated battery, $10,000 bond.

Hayden D. Hawkins - 30, Sandpoint, parole violation/burglary, $40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Timothy J. Burke - 29, Priest River, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $2,500 bond.

Linda M. Fargo - 54, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $3,000 bond.

Christopher D. Hayes - 21, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/malicious injury to
property, driving without privileges, $7,000 bond.

Phillip A. Hooper - 30, Athol, parole violation/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Devin R. Kelbch - 18, Reno, Nev., failure to comply/possession of alcohol by a
minor, $1,000 bond.

Adrian D. Lawrence - 30, Oldtown, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $3,000 bond.

Dale A. Mack - 43, Everett, failure to comply/possession controlled substance,
providing false information, $4,000 bond.

William M. Pugh III - 24, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $3,000 bond.

Raymond D. Smith - 19, Priest River, failure to comply/failure to purchase
invalid driver's license, $750 bond.

Nathan D. Stefani - 20, Portland, failure to appear/possession of alcohol by a
minor, $500 bond.

James N. Stone - 20, Sagle, failure to comply/possession of alcohol by a minor,
$1,000 bond.

Kathleen L. Stritenberger -  28, Oldtown, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, frequenting a place where drugs are used, $5,000 bond.

Anthony M. Teneyck -  34, Sagle, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, driving under the influence, $35,000 bond.

Lastary L. Wright - 24, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$3,000 bond.

Lance E. Zubaugh - 41, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$278 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 6, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

COVER STORY;
All Hail Caesar...And Serling, Benny, Coca, and Hope

BYLINE: By PETER M. NICHOLS

SECTION: Section 13; Page 4; Column 1; Television

LENGTH: 1061 words


"Life is putting Prozac to the test," says the mobster and family man Tony
Soprano (James Gandolfini) in a clip from "The Sopranos." In the opinion of
David Chase, that HBO show's creator and lead writer, life should do as much for
television. Mr. Chase gets the most from the medium. Early in his career he
wrote movies, but television was more about people. "You could explore
characters and not be so plot-driven," he says on "Influences," a new series
starting tonight at 7:30 and running for eight Sundays on Bravo.

Introduced by Alan Alda, "Influences" invites 16 prominent actors and writers to
describe who or what in television's past inspired them in their careers. The
full title of the series is "The Museum of Television and Radio: Influences,"
and if that sounds a little dry, know that participants like Roseanne and Ray
Romano step lively through their reflections, backed by clips from the museum's
100,000 hours of television.

For nine years the museum has produced network specials on subjects like
teenagers and women on television, but this is its first series. Tracey Ullman
and Ted Danson get their say tonight. On later shows, so will Tyne Daly, John
Lithgow, Larry Gelbart, Tom Fontana, Eriq La Salle, Dick Wolf, Susan Lucci, and
others. Roseanne is scheduled for Aug. 20, Mr. Romano for the week after. Each
participant gets 15 minutes. There are no rules especially. As they talk, other
influences occasionally sneak in -- radio, for instance, or theater -- but
primarily they speak of television.

"Television now has a history; a couple of generations have been brought up on
it," said Robert M. Batscha, the museum's president. "Now we have a group of
entertainers and writers who have a frame of reference."

Hail, Caesar (as in Sid and "Your Show of Shows") and "The Twilight Zone,"
Imogene Coca, Milton Berle, Lucille Ball, Jackie Gleason, Johnny Carson and
"Saturday Night Live." These days, with the same quiz show filling space three
nights a week and ersatz castaways providing a slice of so-called reality,
television can be excused a midsummer pause to reassure itself that it doesn't
have to be this way.

The giants, from Jack Benny to Bill Cosby, get their due, but influences come
from everywhere. Ms. Ullman owes much to Lily Tomlin, both for her role as
switchboard operator ("That's one ringy-dingy") on "Rowan and Martin's Laugh-in"
and her cross-dressing, a forerunner of Ms. Ullman's own male impersonations.
But she also cites the starkly realistic 60's television plays of the British
filmmaker Ken Loach.

More in the mainstream, Mr. Danson remembers the physical comedy of Dick Van
Dyke and John Cleese and cites Andy Griffith as being able to use comedy to
reach the same sort of elemental sadness Mr. Danson strove for as the bartender
Sam Malone on "Cheers."

Most of those on "Influences" appear before the camera, but some, like Mr. Chase
and the writer Larry Gelbart, work behind it. "We wanted people working in TV
today," Mr. Batscha said, "and they needed a history." Obviously no newcomers to
television, Roseanne and others on the show are affected by earlier television
and are influences themselves.

Mr. Alda speaks for them all. "Sometimes their inspiration has become a more
interesting and complex experience," he says. "As they become mature artists,
the new generation sometimes longs to take the earlier images and deepen them,
find out what's under the comfortable surface."

Roseanne, he says, could be honest, brutal, tender and hilarious all in the same
episode, sometimes all in the same line of dialogue. Asked to do something about
her son in a clip from "Roseanne," she replies, "I gave birth to him, what more
do you want?" But on "Influences" she also longs for the utterly and impossibly
simple parent-child relations on "Leave It to Beaver."

Earlier she mentions "The Twilight Zone" and Rod Serling's ability to change
viewer's sense of proportion. "That's what television is," she says. Then she
turns the question of influences back to the viewer: "Do people think that
something they spend a third of their lives staring at does nothing to them?"

"The Untouchables," the 60's series with Robert Stack as the F.B.I. mob buster
Eliot Ness, did something to Mr. Chase. The show represented the 20's, his
father's time, a whole other era in which "people made their own hell," he says.
Other Chase influences: "The Rockford Files," for its decency and lack of
sentimentality, and "Twin Peaks," for its nonlinearity and its habit of not
being too clear about anything. Much television fails because people communicate
so clearly, he says.

"Dark means complex in Hollywood parlance," adds Mr. Chase. "You don't know
where people are coming from or what they're going to do from moment to moment."

He also credits "The Twilight Zone," particularly for its wild camera angles and
all the inventive ways Serling came up with to do things cheaply and on a
three-day shooting schedule.

Swinging away from television, Mr. Gelbart, a creator and writer of "M*A*S*H,"
among many shows on television and the stage, mentions the early days of radio
and how comedians like Bob Hope affected his style. "Watch 'M*A*S*H' with your
eyes closed and you're really hearing radio," he says.

Later in his career he moved to "The Red Buttons Show," whose 7-to-10-minute
skits taught him structure. Then he worked for Mr. Caesar. "Sid sat in the room
with his writers on a simple gold throne," he says.

Mr. Gelbart shares his half-hour with Mr. Lithgow, star of "Third Rock From the
Sun." An acclaimed stage actor whose father produced Shakespeare festivals in
the Midwest, Mr. Lithgow watched little television as a boy. In fact, his family
had no television until he was 9 years old and the Army-McCarthy hearings were
being broadcast. When the black-and-white set was finally plugged in, young
Lithgow took to Milton Berle, Jack Benny, old movies starring Chaplin, Keaton
and Harold Lloyd, and shows with vaudeville roots. Later he made a name doing
comedy on Broadway.

On "Influences" he says that "Third Rock" is closest to the stage comedies of
George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart, which he admires for their ability to bring
many strands of comic complication to one roaring head. "People ask me if I miss
theater," Mr. Lithgow says. "I tell them I do theater every week."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 6, 2000, Sunday

CORRECTION:

The cover article on Pages 4 and 5 of the Television section today, about the
Bravo series "Influences," misidentifies the employer of Eliot Ness in "The
Untouchables"; the character, like the real Ness, worked for the Treasury
Department, not the F.B.I.


GRAPHIC: Photos: On the cover: Surrounding the Museum of Television and Radio in
New York (photograph by Norman McGrath) are, clockwise from top left: Johnny
Carson (Everett), Garrry Shandling (HBO/Shooting Star); Tracey Ullman (Robert
Hepler/Everett); Bill Cosby (Everett); Richard Brooks, Michael Moriarty, Paul
Sorvino and Chris Noth (Shooting Star); Abel Fernandez, Robert Stack, Paul
Picerni and Nicholas Georgiade (Everett); and Gilda Radner (W. McBride/Retna).
All pictures courtesy of Bravo. (pg. 1); Tyne Daly and Ray Romano appear on
"Influeneces" on Aug. 27; Susan Lucci, below, is scheduled for Sept. 3. Alan
Alda is the host of the series. (Armando Gallo/Retna/Bravo); (Everett
Collection/Bravo); (W. McBride/Retna/Bravo); (Bravo)(pg. 5); Sid Caesar in a
1989 review at the Village Gate based on his TV series, "Your Show of Shows.";
The Museum of Television and Radio in Los Angeles. (Grant Mudford/Bravo)(pg. 4)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   October 25, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

The City Makers: Calgary's Top 10 leaders

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. K1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 649 words


Cities move on asphalt but run on influence. Calgarians daily join the clogged
morning commute or the quick jaunt to the mall on a network of roads, avenues,
boulevards and intersections. The city likewise relies on networks of influence
that carry dreams and plans to fruition.

Like engineers counting cars to determine high traffic networks, the Calgary
Herald sent a team out this summer to discover the main arteries of civic
influence in Calgary.

Who are the people who shape, mold and influence the way this city of 780,000
runs? The whole city -- not just its political, economic, financial or business
sectors.

Initially, the team went looking for the top 10 people who embody a more
forbidding and elusive relative of influence: power.

But it soon became clear that Calgarians abhor the very idea of power.

Premier Ralph Klein shuddered when the word power was attached to him. He
reserves it exclusively for totalitarian regimes.

Former premier Peter Lougheed, who led Alberta's fortunes from 1971 to 1985,
banned the word from cabinet. "We always felt that we were trustees for the
people, and hence it's a word that I have a strong aversion to, and I'm more
inclined to use the word influence."

ATCO's Ron Southern simply wouldn't talk about himself in the shadow of the
word.

As a result, the team shifted its focus from power to influence and leadership,
basing its three-month study on methodology from similar surveys conducted in
several U.S. cities.

Two hundred Calgarians were asked to participate by ranking confidentially the
10 people they believed to be the most influential in this city.

They chose the most influential individuals in local politics, business, the
arts, academe, volunteer work, religious life -- whichever areas were meaningful
to them.

Points were awarded in inverse proportion to each person named-- 10 points to
those who placed first on a list, nine points for second, eight for third and so
on. The rest was arithmetic.

The methodology was based on a similar survey in Fort Wayne, Indiana in the
1980s piloted by Kirk Stone, now a journalism instructor at the College of
Charleston, South Carolina.

Stone, who spent six weeks at the Herald this summer sponsored by the American
Society of Newspaper Editors, helped structure and guide the survey process.

This is not a random sampling, nor are the results accurate within a 3.5 per
cent margin 19 times out of 20. While the process does not claim scientific
accuracy, it is a comprehensive survey.

The Herald team was acutely aware that choosing 200 people to participate,
rather than picking them at random, allowed for bias in the process. The
choosers had at least one common denominator -- they were all known to the
media.

The responses provided literally hundreds of different names from an impressive
spectrum of civic activities. At the same time, there was such coherent
consensus on the ranking of the most influential Calgarians that a clear,
three-way demarcation was visible between the top 10, the middle 20, and the
remainder.

There emerged an interesting and somewhat surprising corroboration of that
consensus. For purely logistical reasons, the names of the 200 choosers were
divided into five groups and distributed among the five reporters who
participated in the project.

Each was responsible for collecting 40 responses. When they tabulated and
compared their individual results, they discovered the names identified in the
top 10, and the order in which they were ranked, were virtually identical in all
five groups.

"The survey results showed us that a great many different Calgarians were
thinking along the same lines," said project editor Alan Rach.

"We're confident the results from this project constitute a reliable, if not
totally scientific, picture of the influential people who help make this city
thrive."


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 9. Dick Haskayne, see page K6
Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 3. Ralph Klein, see page K3.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 1. Al Duerr, see page K2.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 10. Jim Gray, see page K6.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 4. Bud McCaig, see page K3.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 6. Ken King, see page K4.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 2. Ron Southern, see page K2.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 8. Ted Newall, see page K5; Graphic:
Illustration: Bruce Full / 5. David O'Brien, see page K4.

Graphic: Illustration: Bruce Full / 7. Peter Lougheed, see page K5

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Topsy Labs, Inc. titled as "ADVERTISING
BASED ON INFLUENCE"

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140337141, published on November 13, 2014, by Topsy Labs, Inc., titled as
"ADVERTISING BASED ON INFLUENCE" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Ghosh; Rishab Aiyer; (Brussels, BE) ; Prakash; Vipul Ved; (San
Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  Topsy Labs, Inc.
San Francisco
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Advertising based on influence is provided. In some embodiments, advertising
based on influence includes determining an influence score (e.g., based on a
given dimension) for a subject (e.g., a user), in which the subject is a
potential target for an advertisement; and determining targeting of the
advertisement based on criteria including the influence score of potential
recipients of the advertisement. In some embodiments, the influence score is a
directly estimated objective measure of influence (e.g., estimated using a
social graph). In some embodiments, advertising based on influence also includes
determining pricing of advertisements based on criteria including the influence
score of potential recipients of one or more advertisements. In some
embodiments, advertising based on influence further includes sharing advertising
revenue with the subject based on criteria including the influence score of the
first subject (e.g., as an incentive for the subject to view the
advertisement)."

The Patent was filed on May 19, 2014 under application No. 20140337141

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

HDFS Brown Bag Colloquia Series

LENGTH: 482  words

DATELINE: Fort Collins


Colorado State University has issued the following news release:

Friday, October 3, 2014, 1 - 2pm

The 2014-15 HDFS Departmental Brown Bag Series
presents Differential Susceptibility to Environmental Influences
Dr. Jay Belsky*
Robert M. and Natalie Reid Dorn Professor of Human Development
University of California, Davis

Abstract: Evolutionary-biological reasoning suggests that individuals should be
differentially susceptable to environmental influences, with some people being
not just more vulnerable than others to the negative effects of adversity, as
the prevailing diathesis-stress view of psychopathology (and of many
environmental influences) maintains, but also disproportionately susceptible to
the beneficial effects of supportive and enriching experiences (or just the
absence of adversity). Evidence consistent with the proposition that individuals
differ in plasticity is reviewed, documenting multiple instances in which (a)
phenotypic temperamental characteristics, (b) endophenotypic attributes, and (c)
specific genes function less like "vulnerability factors" and more like
"plasticity factors", thereby rendering some individuals more malleable or
susceptible than others to both negative and positive environmental influences.
Discussion focuses upon limits of the evidence,
potential mechanisms of influence and unknowns in the
differential-susceptibility equation.

Friday October 3, 2014
2:00-3:00 p.m.
Room 457 Behavioral Sciences Building
Reception immediately following

*Dr. Belsky is an internationally recognized expert in the field of child
development and family studies. He is a founding
and collaborating investigator on the NICHD Study of Child Care and Youth
Development (US) and the National Evaluation of Sure Start (UK). He is the
author of more than 400 scientific articles and chapters and the author/editor
of several books. His work has been funded, in the U.S., by grants from NSF,
NIMH, NICHD, the March of Dimes Foundation and the Sara Scaife Family
Founda[#xfffd][#xfffd]on. In the U.K., he has received funding from The Welcome
Trust and Department for Education and Skills. In 2002 the Institute of
Scientific Information granted Professor Belsky the Highly-Cited-Researcher
designation. In 2007 he was awarded the American Psychological Association Urie
Bronfenbrenner Award for Lifetime Contribution to Developmental Psychology in
the Service of Science and Society. In 2010 he was made a member of the Academy
of Europe.

CSU Location: Behavioral Sciences Building
Event Contact Name: Zeynep Biringen
Event Contact Email: Zeynep.Biringen@colostate.edu
Event Contact Phone: (970) 491-5514
Audience: Faculty, Staff, Student
Delivery / Format: Brown-bag Lunch, Colloquia
Dept / Unit / Program: College of Health & Human Sciences, Human Development &
Family Studies

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Areas with no discrimination breeds more success '

LENGTH: 282 words


Cities such as San Francisco may influence the transition between poverty and
wealth.By Isaac Kim

Studies have shown that where an individual grew up plays a big role in
influencing income mobility. Aside from family income and education, geography
influenced income mobility.

A joint research project by Harvard University and University of California at
Berkeley reported the results of their research on the effects of location and
geography on income mobility, reported the New York Times on July 22.

Results show the location of where one grew up has an impact on a person's
income later in life.

Influences such as education, social integration, family and a region's economy
and human equality helped pivot people to a higher income mobility.

The gap between those raised in regions with low discrimination against
ethnicity and poverty to those who were raised in a less tolerant community was
huge in income status, with the former reaching higher income levels more
easily.

Children who grew up in places where there were large gaps between the rich and
poor had more trouble in escaping their childhood social and income status.

Children from low income groups in areas such as New York, Minneapolis, San
Francisco, the Northeast, and the upper Midwest had the largest possibility to
leap to a higher income level. These areas had the least amount of inequality.

On the other hand, kids raised in Atlanta, Memphis, Indianapolis, and the
Southeast and Midwest areas had little opportunity for income growth.

Studies show those in Seattle who were within the bottom five percent had a 10.4
percent chance of reaching the top one percent. However, those in Atlanta only
had a four percent chance.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 815 words


News of record

Criminal sentencings

Judge Clark Peterson

Danny L. Stewart II, 42, Hayden; pedestrian under the influence; $500 fine, 90
days in jail (86 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 10 days
unscheduled jail time, one year probation.

Jared J.D. Brown, 28, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; $152 fine, $159 restitution to
victims, 49 days in jail (credited).

Suzanne E. Henderson, 30, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county
work program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Brett J. Perry, 22, Rathdrum; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $500 fine ($250 suspended), one year in jail (335 days suspended)
or 16 hours county work program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years
probation.

John P. McFarland, 65, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (148 days suspended) or 17 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 120 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Matthew W. Schlieper, 30, Grangeville; driving under the influence (excessive);
$1,000 fine, $500 restitution to victims, one year in jail (338 days suspended,
27 days credited), one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Wayne R. Carter, 59, Newport, Wash.; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 32 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Tiffany F. Mistelske, 23, Sandpoint; petty theft; $500 fine ($250 suspended),
one year in jail (355 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 20 days
unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

Christian C. Utzinger, 29, Rock Springs, Wyo.; driving under the influence; $800
fine, 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or eight hours county work program,
five days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Nathaniel G. Pacheco, 26, Coeur d'Alene; violation of no-contact order; $1,000
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (150 days suspended), two years
probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Matthew L. Pridgen, 37, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; 180 days in
jail (credited), 90 days driver's license suspension.

Ceasar M. Vigil, 35, Post Falls; Count I: misdemeanor probation violation; 32
days in jail (25 days credited). Count II: misdemeanor probation violation; 32
days in jail (25 days credited). Count III: misdemeanor probation violation; 32
days in jail (25 days credited).

Billy Jo Dalager, 20, Spokane Valley; misdemeanor probation violation; $100
restitution to county, 35 days in jail (credited).

Lorenda L. Williams, 39, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; $250 fine, one year in jail
(335 days suspended), 20 days unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

Kim P. Copeland, 55, Bayview; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $500 fine, 180 days in jail (suspended), one year probation.

Ryan M. Huff, 23, Hauser Lake; misdemeanor probation violation; 85 days in jail
or proof of completion of treatment.

Judge James Stow

Zachariah M. Dooley, 23, Hayden; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Michael L. Ansbaugh, 41, Spokane; Count I: use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; 10 days in jail (credited). Count II: driving
under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), $100 restitution to state
lab, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended, 10 days credited), 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Humberto E. Estrada, 30, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Elisha J. Watts, 26, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 10 days in
jail or 40 hours county work program.

Kootenai County

Civil complaints

Velocity Investments LLC and GE Money Bank v. Paul Griffith, seeking $2,505.

Midland Funding LLC v. David Thornberg, seeking $12,214.

Midland Funding LLC v. Kathrynn Schaible, seeking $10,985.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Joshua Shore and Dina Shore, seeking $2,673.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Chad McKarcher, seeking $1,263.

Dudley Benesch v. David and Ramona Olson, aka Casey Olson, and Rockbusters LLC,
seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Alexis Appleton,
seeking $1,932.

Civil judgments

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Jason Ball, plaintiff awarded $1,100.

Peterson Enterprises Inc, dba Valley Empire Collection v. Amber Swearingen, aka
Amber Coon, plaintiff awarded $1,192.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday

Rally urges lobbyist curbs

BYLINE: By John Woolfolk jwoolfolk@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 496 words


Mary Algedi-Cooper, a retired San Jose office assistant, was disappointed that
the health care overhaul passed by Congress was so much weaker than what she had
hoped for. Now, she's after those she says are chiefly to blame: industry
lobbyists.

"It's become a corporatocracy," Algedi-Cooper, 61, said as she joined dozens of
other MoveOn.org volunteers Tuesday outside San Jose City Hall to rally support
for laws to weaken lobbyist influence. "Money talks, and with a lot of money,
people can buy influence."

While the group's efforts are aimed primarily at Washington D.C., Algedi-Cooper
and other demonstrators said lobbyist influence is as much a problem at the
state level. The Mercury News last month documented the growing influence of
Statehouse lobbyists and a rising tide of industry-drafted laws since
California's term limits replaced career politicians with amateur lawmakers.

"We definitely need it here too," said Davlyn Jones, MoveOn.org 's San Jose
council coordinator, who organized Tuesday's demonstration. "The system ensures
that an ordinary person doesn't stand a chance to get legislation passed to
benefit themselves and their families."

The Mercury News reported in a two-part series last month that bills sponsored
by special interests made up 39 percent of the proposed laws introduced in the
Legislature in 2007-2008, the most recently completed session, and were far more
likely to pass than bills that lacked outside sponsors. It noted that bill
sponsors are big contributors, giving $1.2 million in the last session to the
campaigns of legislators who carried their bills.

MoveOn.org , the national political organization, staged 168 similar
demonstrations across the country Tuesday as part of its "The Other 98 Percent
of Us" campaign on behalf of everyone who doesn't have lobbyists working for
them to "fight Washington corruption."

The effort urges changes to restore limits on corporate political spending
struck down by a recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling, enact public campaign
financing and curb lobbying by former government officials. MoveOn.org says
nearly half a million people nationwide have signed its pledge in support.

Demonstrators in San Jose drew a crowd of about 80 or 90 people and carried
signs with slogans such as "A Greedy Corporatocracy has Hijacked Our Democracy."
They sang humorous sendups of popular melodies such as "It's my money and I'll
buy who I want to."

Bill Barrett, 80, dressed as a "Wall Street banker" in a black coat and top hat
overflowing with faux money, saying he was "upset with the trend toward money
influencing legislation." San Jose City Councilman Ash Kalra spoke in support of
the effort.

Their message seemed to win over San Jose State University psychology student
Travis Ito, who signed the MoveOn.org pledge form after stopping on a walk past
City Hall to watch the demonstration.

"It's basically just buying politicians," Ito, 24, said. "It should be changed."

Contact John Woolfolk at 408-975-9346.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 11/11/2009

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 550 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Keith Ruffins, criminal trespass-enter structure, stalking-repeatedly commits
acts to cause fear; held for court.

Lionel Lamont Weathers, driving at safe speed; moved to traffic.

Steven A. Smith, Gardners; harassment; moved to non-traffic.

Heath Russell Varvel, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Tavonne Sabieka Scott, theft from a motor vehicle; held for court.

Geary B. Laughman, Etters; simple assault, unauthorized use of motor
vehicle/other vehicles, harassment; held for court.

Craig Alan Nease, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Corrine Nicole Reed, Etters; driving under the influence, driving with BAC .02
or greater; waived to court.

Gregory L. Mikesell, Lewisberry; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Eugene Barclift, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Michael Ryan Hunt, Manchester; disorderly conduct; moved to non-traffic.

Travis William Thoman, Dover; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane; waived to court.

Michael Dewayne Bretz, Etters; driving under the influence, driving license
suspended or revoked pursuant to Sec. 3731/380; waived to court.

Christopher Eugene Hynes, Mechanicsburg; driving license suspended or revoked
pursuant to Sec. 3731/3802; moved to traffic.

Brandilee Flickinger, York Haven; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived
to court.

Peter J. Brown, York Haven; forgery-utters forged writing, theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

Angelo Bellamy, Harrisburg; marijuana-small amount for personal use; waived to
court.

Giovanni David Lopez, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, speeding; waived
to court.

Ryan Thomas Malone, Etters; intent to possess controlled substance by person not
registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Holly Jo Snelbaker, Manchester; other reason access device unauthorized, theft
by unlawful taking; waived to court.

Shari Marie Plazek, Harrisburg; forgery, theft by unlawful taking, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Ajayi Adebayo Awokoya, Randallstown, Md.; theft by unlawful taking, theft by
deception, receiving stolen property; held for court.

James E. Malick, Dover; driving under the influence, operating vehicle without
valid inspection; waived to court.

Michael D. White, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; held for court.

Brian David Edmonson, York Haven; marijuana-small amount for personal use,
possession of drug paraphernalia, accident involving damage; waived to court.

Nikolas Paul Pribulsky, Etters; distribute small amount of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Pamela J. Barnhart, theft by deception-false impression, bad checks; waived to
court.

Michael Intrieri, Etters; simple assault, harassment; held for court.

John R. Schadle, Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Kevin Jay Whitmire, Etters; driving under the influence, speeding, fleeing to
elude officer; held for court.

Kevin Jay Whitmire, Etters; aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another
person; held for court.

Harold L. Holtzapple Jr., Manchester; simple assault, recklessly endangering
another person, harassment; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MCPIKE'S INFLUENCE FELT HERE, ELSEWHERE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 881 words


Milt McPike may no longer be with us, but there is not a single staff member for
the Madison School District whose life he did not impact. It is for that reason
that students today and for generations to come will continue to benefit from
the tremendous influence he had in this community.

And his impact is not limited to Madison. He was the principal of and had
tremendous influence upon thousands of students who are working at various jobs
all over the world. Society in general will continue to benefit from his
influence. He made this world a better world for all of us, and our children as
well.

- Scott Zuberbier, Madison

Even buses proclaim our binge reputation

I couldn't agree more with the Saturday writer who wrote that the Madison buses
with advertisements for alcohol and gambling are disgraceful (not to mention
hideous).

Since UW-Madison has ranked at or near the top among American universities for
alcohol binging, why would we encourage it by driving such advertisements around
Madison? A better advertisement would be to feature a splash of the beauty of
Madison on them.

Is this source of revenue worth the reputation of binging? I don't think being
ranked the highest in binge drinking is anything to brag about.

- Doris Schmeichel, Waunakee

Letting illegals drive legally solves nothing

While requiring illegal immigrants to take driving tests and obtain a Wisconsin
driver's license might sound OK, it does not make them safe drivers. A driver's
license does not make anyone a safe driver; it merely makes them a legal one,
just as a teaching certificate does not "make" a good teacher.

Illegal immigrants committed the first crime by entering this country illegally.
On that issue alone they should be deported back to their homelands. Giving them
driver's licenses and allowing them access to other services tells them it is OK
to break the law in our country.

I am a compassionate person, but the unfortunate reality is that we need to be
concerned for the safety of our country and its citizens. We lose this by
allowing open borders.

By allowing illegal immigrants services such as driver's licenses, we will
promote the influx of more illegal immigrants into Wisconsin, draining already
strained social services as we continue to support the needs of these people.
Which illegal immigrant is the next terrorist?

For those who "live on the edge," it was their choice.

- Connie Zuhde, Rock Springs

Issue more complex than legal vs. illegal

On Sunday the State Journal Forum section featured student views on illegal
immigration. Selections were thoughtfully written and reflected understanding of
the situation and empathy with families.

Because of the Forum focus on Arizona's law penalizing employers of illegal
aliens, students were not encouraged to distinguish between legal and illegal
immigrants, and there was no recognition of aliens who are legal, permanent
residents, those who are not Hispanic, or refugees accepted by the United
States. That is unfortunate.

Also unfortunate is the fact that students were not encouraged to address the
current dilemma of how to deal with millions of undocumented aliens, many of
whom want to become naturalized U.S. citizens. Children of undocumented aliens
who were born in the United States are U.S. citizens by birth.

Our government should establish mechanisms to encourage undocumented aliens who
have been in the United States for five or more years to apply for
naturalization papers. Barriers to naturalization, such as high fees and
paperwork, should be reduced.

The concept of encouraging naturalization should not be confused with current
concerns about illegal immigration. They are separate issues and must not be
considered a single problem requiring a single solution.

- Paul Kusuda, Madison

Six months or out rule should apply

The United States has enough financial problems without any illegal immigrants
adding to them.

Every time an illegal immigrant gets hired for a job, it takes that job away
from a U.S. citizen. When they avail themselves of services and programs, U.S.
citizens and families can't get that help.

They get away with paying no taxes. Instead our tax dollars are spent supporting
them.

If they want to live in the United States, they need to become legal citizens.
We need to push citizenship within six months of their arrival and fine
employers if immigrants don't have their citizenship papers within that
six-month period.

- Lisa Berman, Madison

No sympathy if you live beyond means

Regarding the home mortgage situation, while I was in Arizona recently, I saw an
article which expresses my view of the current home mortgage crisis quite well:
"Do many home owners really deserve mortgage relief? How many have put little or
no money down and have enjoyed payments less than what rent would have been? How
many have refinanced and used the money to live beyond their means? Any
government assistance to these irresponsible people is a slap in the face to the
sensible taxpayers who must incur higher mortgage costs to contribute to the
loan guarantee programs."

I sympathize with those who made an honest effort to live within their means,
yet experienced an unexpected financial setback. But I have no sympathy for
those who used the cheap loans to knowingly live beyond their means.

- Ed Kramer, Portage

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 19, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 409 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Karmin  L. Benham - 39, Cusick, Wash., forgery, $10,000 bond.

Peter D. Castro - 37, Coeur d'Alene, forgery, $5,000 bond.

Robert P. Dickerson - 27, Spirit Lake, parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance - methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

John D. Kavanaugh - 49, Sagle, aggravated battery, $10,000 bond.

Robert L. Rohrer - 37, Newport, Wash., grand theft, $10,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Rok  T. Bass - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$163 bond.

Ryan A. Campbell - 24, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Selena L. Coppert - 40, Rathdrum, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $9,000 bond.

Erin P. Critchell - 44, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery, $800 bond.

Kimberly R. Dippre - 40, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery, $2,000 bond.

Timothy J. Erwin - 34, Hauser Lake, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $132 bond.

Cassandra M. Guthrie - 27, Bonners Ferry, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $241 bond.

Joshua A. Hartnett - 20, Athol, failure to comply/minor possession/consumption
of alcohol, $2,000 bond.

Wally W. Inman - 46, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Gillian D. Lemley - 32, Sandpoint, parole violation/driving without privileges,
$9,000 bond.

Morris M. Matt -  40, Worley, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Jesse L. Mihalik -  20, Deer Park, failure to comply/inattentive/careless
driving, $3,000 bond.

Steven R. O'Connell - 22, Billings, failure to comply/failure to purchase
driver's license, $6,000 bond.

Robert G. Ordway - 37, Bonners Ferry, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Daniel R. Wandler - 46, Sagle, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$360 bond.

Christopher H. Williams - 24, Sandpoint, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $75 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 19, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 509 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Shoshone County

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, charge and bond
amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's
department at (208) 556-1114. Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by
contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

John E. McNett - 28, Centralia, Wash., warrant of attachment, bench warrant,
driving under the influence, driving while suspended, $1,278 bond.

Robin B. McNutt - 30, Wallace, three bench warrants, warrant of attachment,
warrant of arrest, battery, procuring beer for minors, disturbing the peace,
driving while suspended, petty theft, possession of drug paraphernalia, $2,892
bond.

Michael K. McPhee - 31, Whitefish, Mont., warrant of arrest, littering, $300
bond.

Ralph B. Meade - 63, Ft. Harrison, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving under
the influence, driving without privileges, carrying a concealed weapon, $447
cash bond.

Donald E. Mears - 39, Bennington, Vt., warrant of attachment, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $313 bond.

Kenny D. Meligan - 32, Kingston, bench warrant, driving without privileges,
seven days in jail.

William J. Melle - 55, Spokane, bench warrant, driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Gregory W. Mellon - 34, Helix, Ore., bench warrant, three warrants of
attachment, resisting/obstructing, disturbing the peace, driving under the
influence, no driver's license, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an
accident, $5,350 bond.

Edward S. Meredith - 39, Wilkerson, Wash., warrant of attachment, bench warrant,
reckless driving, driving without privileges, $480 bond, 12 days in jail.

Joshua J. Metcalf - 27, Mt. Vernon, Wash., bench warrant, warrant of attachment,
driving while suspended, $152 cash bond, five days in jail.

Scott A. Milan - 33, Wallace, warrant of attachment, driving while suspended,
$580 bond.

Ellis O. Miles - 51, Wallace, warrant of attachment, driving while suspended,
$395 cash bond.

Chad E. Miller - 32, Coeur d'Alene, bench warrant, domestic battery, possession
of a controlled substance, $50,000 bond.

Marc D. Miller - 35, Coeur d'Alene, bench warrant, driving without privileges,
$3,000 bond.

Thomas J. Miller - 23, Spokane, bench warrant, warrant of attachment, driving
under the influence, $2,080.

Ryan A. Milne - 26, Rochester, N.Y. Bench warrant, possession of marijuana,
possession of drug paraphernalia, $2,000 bond.

Theressa B. Miner, aka Teresa M. Madsen - 34, Cataldo, bench warrant, failure to
appear, $10,000 bond.

Courtney D. Mitchell - 25, Riddle, Ore., bench warrant, driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

Henry W. Mitchell, aka Buck, aka Hank Warren - 45, Spokane, warrant of
attachment, driving while suspended, $566 bond.

Cedrick W. Mixon  - 43, Smelterville, bench warrant, warrant of attachment,
driving while suspended, $213 cash bond, two days in jail.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 10, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

VOTE COSTS ILLINOIS INFLUENCE; MISSOURI'S CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION WILL ALSO
LOSE SOME STRENGTH

BYLINE: Kathleen Best Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


THE LAST TIME the Republicans controlled the U.S. House, Bill Emerson of Cape
Girardeau was a 15-year-old page, Dwight D. Eisenhower was president and
television was in its infancy.

Emerson, 56, is now a member of that House. And because voters handed his party
control on Tuesday, he will take over in January as the second most powerful
person on the Agriculture Committee just as it prepares to write a new farm
bill.

He won't be the only St. Louis region legislator in line for a new job. The GOP
sweep of Congress will move Missouri and Illinois Republicans into positions of
power in both the House and the Senate in 1995.

But it may be years before their heightened influence makes up for the clout
both states surrendered at the polls on Tuesday.

Missouri's loss was the most visible: Rep. Richard A. Gephardt, D-Mo., lost the
chance to ascend to House speaker, the third most powerful position in federal
government, and is likely now to take over as minority leader. Rep. Bill Clay,
D-St. Louis, will have to settle for ranking minority member of the House
Education and Labor Committee, which he had hoped to chair.

But Illinois' losses were broader in scope and, unlike Missouri, it does not
have Republicans in key positions to mitigate its lessened influence.

House Republican leader Robert H. Michel of Peoria voluntarily retired just as
he could have moved into the speaker's chair. Chicago voters retired Democratic
Rep. Dan Rostenkowski who, though under a cloud, still had the clout to deliver
millions of dollars to the state. And Rep. Richard J. Durbin, D-Springfield, was
bumped out of the "college of cardinals," the group of legislators who chair
appropriations subcommittees and wield considerable influence over how tax
dollars are spent.

Rep. Henry J. Hyde, a Republican from suburban Chicago, is expected to take over
as chairman of the House Judiciary Committee next year. But he is the only
Illinoisan in line for a chairmanship in the House.

Both of the state's senators - Paul Simon and Carol Moseley-Braun - are
Democrats. Simon will lose his subcommittee chairmanships on three committees.
And Moseley-Braun may find it more difficult to move to the powerful Senate
Finance Committee, where her influence as a Democrat would be reduced.

By contrast, Missouri's two Republican senators - Christopher S. Bond and the
newly elected John Ashcroft - will benefit from the takeover, and so could their
state.

Bond is likely to become the new chairman of the Small Business Committee, which
he could use as a forum to showcase the problems of business owners in Missouri.
And he is also in line to take over an appropriations subcommittee, which would
give him considerable say in setting spending limits for either the
Environmental Protection Agency and other independent agencies or the White
House and federal law enforcement groups.

"Kit is a skilled appropriator," said a former Republican aide who has watched
Bond operate. "That is a real art, and he does it as well as anyone I've seen.
He pals around with all the key guys and does the transactions that need to be
done to make it happen for Missouri."

As a freshman, Ashcroft will be 48th or 49th in seniority among the Republican
members of the Senate, which won't give him much influence. But that may be
mitigated by his close relationship with Sen. Bob Dole, R-Kan., who will
probably be majority leader.

Such camaraderie also could boost the influence of Rep. Jim Talent,
R-Chesterfield, who was elected to his second term Tuesday. Talent said he is
close to the circle of people who surround Rep. Newt Gingrich, the Georgia
Republican who is likely to take over as House speaker.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 20, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

REPORT SAYS TIGHTER POLICIES REDUCE KILLINGS BY THE POLICE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 20, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 19


The number of people killed by police officers in the nation's largest cities
has been cut almost in half in 13 years, primarily because of more stringent
police policies on firing weapons, according to a study made public today.

The decline reflects a substantial drop in the number of killings by police
officers of blacks, said Lawrence Sherman, a University of Maryland criminology
professor and president of the Crime Control Institute, a Washington-based
research institute that conducted the study.

The reductions occurred though homicides and violence in general did not decline
in the 50 cities, the report said.

In 1971 more than 353 people were killed by the police in 50 cities of more than
a quarter of million people each, as against 172 people killed in the same
cities in 1984, the researchers reported.

''The best explanation for this massive change in police practice is probably
the influence of progressive new police leaders and their restrictive shooting
policies,'' Professor Sherman said in a statement.

''Their work reflects, in turn, the increased political influence of blacks and
the financial influence of civil litigation,'' he said.

The study also found that in the 50 cities surveyed, killings of police officers
by civilians fell to 13 in 1984 from 38 in 1975.

Effect of Less Violence

''This report shows that if you can train police to be less violent, less
violence will be directed at the police,'' said Anthony V. Bouza, chairman of
the Crime Control Institute and chief of the Minneapolis Police Department.

From 1980 to 1984 in Jacksonville, Fla., police officers accounted for one of
every 13 intentional deaths. Honolulu police officers, meanwhile, accounted for
one out of every 227 homicides.

''Although most police officers never kill anyone, their chances of doing so
depend greatly on where they work,'' Professor Sherman said. Police officers in
New York City would have to work, on average, 694 years before killing anyone,
he said. Milwaukee officers would have to wait 1,299 years and Honolulu officers
7,692 years before killing someone.

Professor Sherman said that shootings by the police were ''greatly dependent on
local police practices and customs.''

In New York, killings by the police dropped to 173 in 1980 to 1984, as against
314 from 1970 to 1974.

Killings by police officers in Chicago dropped from 176 in 1970 to 1974 to 88 in
1980 to 1984. Philadelphia saw a drop from 96 in 1970 to 1974, to 38 in 1980 to
1984.

In Los Angeles, killings by police officers showed a smaller decrease, to 96 in
1980 to 1984, from 107 in 1970 to 1974 . The study said the change was
significant, however, when taking into account Los Angeles's enormous population
growth and the increase in the city's overall homicide rate.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Merciful view

LENGTH: 1637 words


By Kelsey Dallas

Deseret News

For months after her daughter, Shannon, was murdered in 1998, Vicki Schieber was
lost.

She was confused and enraged, suddenly forced to face a future without her
brilliant, passionate daughter. Shannon was only 23 when she was raped and
killed in her Philadelphia apartment the day before she planned to head home to
Maryland for summer vacation.

"I got so mad at God at first. I remember pounding on the driver's seat asking,
'Why God? Why didn't you take me?' " said Schieber, a lifelong Catholic.

Although heartbroken, Schieber and her husband surprised those who expected them
to push for the death penalty, including the Pennsylvania district attorney
prosecuting the case against Troy Graves, who was arrested in 2002 and charged
with murdering Shannon and raping or attempting to rape 12 other women in
Pennsylvania and Colorado. The Schiebers urged lawyers to take the death penalty
off the table because of Vicki's social work background, media coverage of
capital punishment and, most importantly, their faith.

"We believed that all life is sacred, and (when) we had to face this person in
the court room who murdered our daughter, that idea guided us," she said.

The death penalty - how it should be carried out and whether flawed lethal
injection drugs constitute cruel and unusual punishment - has been a prominent
topic of debate over the past two years among policymakers, law experts,
advocates and everyday people. Meanwhile, states continue to carry out society's
most severe punishment. On Feb. 3, the oldest inmate on Georgia's death row was
executed.

Often lost in these highly publicized debates is how faith influences opinions
and galvanizes those for and against capital punishment. Opponents, like the
Schiebers, might believe murderers deserve mercy, too, or cite Jesus' many acts
of extreme forgiveness. Supporters, who surveys show are a majority among
religious believers, can argue that defying God by taking a human life should
lead to the ultimate punishment.

"You have to recognize that religion is woven into this debate in complicated
and often unpredictable ways. There's no single (path) from scripture to a
political view," said Erik Owens, associate director of the Boisi Center for
Religion and American Public Life at Boston College.

Faithful influence

Capital punishment is losing support in the U.S. In 1996, two years before
Shannon Schieber was murdered, 78 percent of Americans favored the death penalty
as punishment for convicted murderers, according to Pew Research Center. By
2015, that figure had fallen to 56 percent.

In 2010, Pew investigated the factors that drive people's opinions on the death
penalty, testing the influence of things such as media coverage of execution and
education.

Pew's survey showed that "about one in five Americans (19 percent) with an
opinion about the death penalty say that religion is the most important
influence on their thinking about the issue," compared to 20 percent who cited
education and 13 percent who cited the media.

Researchers also analyzed how different influences swayed people's opinion,
noting that religion was much more often offered as an explanation for
opposition than for support. "About one-third (32 percent) of those who oppose
capital punishment cite religion, compared with 13 percent among those who favor
it," Pew reported.

Official stances of religious denominations on the death penalty, which are
informed by religious texts, as wells as social justice concerns, partially
explain this gap, because few faith groups openly affirm the use of capital
punishment.

In the U.S., the Southern Baptist Convention and Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod
officially support the death penalty. Islamic leaders around the world do as
well, although some American Muslims groups oppose it, according to Pew.

Notable death penalty detractors include the Roman Catholic Church, the
Episcopal Church, the United Methodist Church and the Presbyterian Church (USA).
Pope Francis decried capital punishment before Congress last September, saying,
like Schieber did, that "every life is sacred," CNN reported at the time.

Contemporary faith-based activism against the death penalty is, in some ways,
surprising because religious practice and capital punishment have a long history
with each other, Owens said, noting that in colonial America the death penalty
was understood to offer criminals their best chance to repent and receive God's
forgiveness. Faith leaders played a prominent role in public executions.

"Preachers would deliver sermons about God's mercy and judgment. They'd terrify
the audience and drive the convicted to truly and sincerely repent," Owens said.
"Some people honestly thought they were doing the criminals a favor."

Why religion

As religion gradually came to play a less dominant role in public life, people
began considering the death penalty through a variety of other lenses,
questioning its effectiveness in deterring murder and comparing its cost with
the cost of imposing a life sentence.

However, as Schieber's story illustrated and Pew's data confirmed, religion has
continued to affect people's stance on capital punishment in both large and
small ways.

"In one sense, everything is a religious issue for people who are believers.
Religion is what we'd call a comprehensive world view. It ought to, arguably,
affect everything you look at," Owens said. "The death penalty puts this idea to
people in really important ways. It's a question of principles deeply informed
by religion: mercy, justice, evil, fairness and guilt."

Similarly, Bill Blankschaen, who runs Patheos' Faith Walkers blog and belongs to
the conservative Presbyterian Church in America, said that his faith helps him
engage with any number of political issues, including the death penalty. He
supports capital punishment, viewing the sacredness of life as the rationale for
it, unlike Schieber or Pope Francis.

"God gives life, and only God should take a life," he said, noting that when
murderers take someone's life they violate God's authority.

"God instituted the death penalty in Genesis 9," Blankschaen added. Genesis 9:6
reads, "Whoever sheds the blood of a human, by a human shall that person's blood
be shed; for in his own image God made humankind."

Schieber said the importance of showing mercy guided her decision about the fate
of her daughter's killer, who was eventually sentenced to life in prison for the
attacks of seven women in Fort Collins, Colorado.

"We believed that all those years in prison could change a person. He has a
chance to be redeemed, to heal. If we stick him six feet underground, what could
he do?" she said, noting biblical stories about Jesus emphasize forgiveness.

Since her daughter's death, Schieber has been working with Catholic groups and
other activists to end the death penalty nationwide. She said they argue in
religious terms because faith is woven into the American political system.

"We are one nation, under God. We have a strong faith basis," said Schieber, who
co-edited the 2013 book, "Where Justice and Mercy Meet: Catholic Opposition to
the Death Penalty."

Similarly, John Carlson, acting director of the Center for the Study of Religion
and Conflict and an associate professor of religious studies at Arizona State
University, said religion adds to the death penalty debate a meaningful focus on
the dignity of human life.

It's understandable why someone might look at ongoing legal battles over capital
punishment and conclude religion has nothing to add, he said. The arguments
often focus on the execution itself - such as an adequate supply of lethal
injection drugs or whether a botched lethal injection constitutes cruel and
unusual punishment.

But for Carlson, the death penalty debate will always benefit from the
involvement of religious groups and ideas, which can help answer a key question:
Do convicted criminals deserve to die?

"Understanding the purpose of punishment is crucial, and religious groups have a
long history of attending very deeply to the retributive value of punishment,"
he said.

Predicting the future

Like Owens, Carlson highlighted how religious belief can lead people to more
than one position on the death penalty.

"There are religious values and principles that one can turn to on either side
of this debate" he said. "My own study suggests that there is nothing that
requires religious people to support capital punishment, but, on the other hand,
nothing that absolutely morally prohibits it either."

Owens, who, along with Carlson, co-authored "Religion and the Death Penalty: A
Call for Reckoning," compared the phenomenon to faith-based discussions of
poverty in America. Most believers would say it's problematic, but they can't
agree how God would want them to fix it.

This ambiguity, along with political and other forces, explains the division
within religious groups. Rank-and-file believers regularly hold different views
on the death penalty than faith leaders, as Pew reported last year.

More than half (53 percent) of Catholics - including 63 percent of white
Catholics- and 66 percent of white Protestants favor the death penalty, despite
Catholic leaders and most prominent Protestant denominations having publicly
opposed capital punishment.

More than 7 in 10 white evangelical Protestants favor the death penalty,
according to Pew. This group includes Southern Baptists.

Public opinion on the death penalty will continue to evolve, because faith-based
opinions, whether held by rank-and-file believers or their leaders, shift as
people interpret the social and political climate in new ways, Carlson said.

Religious belief is affected by context, he said, noting that "right now, the
context in the U.S. is one in which capital punishment is under incredible
scrutiny."

Email: kdallas@deseretnews.com

Twitter: kelsey_dallas

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

East Grand Forks School Board Chairman: Relationship with candidate won't
influence superintendent decision

BYLINE: Wade Rupard, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Feb. 23--The East Grand Forks School Board chairman said his relationship with
one of the candidates in the search for the district's superintendent won't
influence the outcome.

At Monday evening's School Board meeting, Chairman Tony Palmiscno said one of
the four remaining candidates, Todd Selk, is his brother-in-law. Despite this,
Palmiscno said he will still sit in on the interviews.

"I'm going into this process very open-minded," Palmiscno told the Herald on
Tuesday. "We're excited about the process and we're hoping that at the end of
the day we're able to find who will be the best candidate to lead the district
into the future years."

Palmiscno said when Selk became a finalist, he contacted the Minnesota School
Boards Association about the conflict and what he should do because of it. The
association cited Minnesota statute 122A.40, which defines employment and
termination of teachers. The association encouraged Palmiscno not to abstain
from the interviews and hiring process since Palmascino has no financial
interest in the hiring.

The statute defines a superintendent as a "teacher," and if the board wants to
hire Selk, they must approve it unanimously.

When Selk applied for the position, Palmiscno said he stepped down from the
Superintendent Search Committee because of the conflict. He said he wants to be
as open about the process as possible and proceed into the interviews just like
any other board member.

Selk is the principal of Valley Middle School in Grand Forks. He also has served
as a principal's assistant in Spokane, Wash., and an activities director in
Crookston and Brainerd, Minn. He holds a master's degree from Minnesota State
University Moorhead.

The other candidates, who are all from Minnesota, for the post are Mike Kolness,
the superintendent of Ada-Borup Public Schools and the principal of the
district's high school in Ada; Chris Mills, the superintendent of the
Stephen-Argyle district for 16 years and an elementary school principal there;
and Jeremy Olson, the superintendent of the Henning School District and
Underwood Schools for eight years.

In-person interviews are scheduled to take place Wednesday. Finalists will meet
with administration, staff, community and School Board members when they
interview. The School Board will meet afterward to discuss the finalists.

The new hire would take over for David Pace, who plans to resign June 30.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160223-GF-East-Grand-Forks-School-Board-Chairman-Relationship-with-candidate-w
on-t-influence-superintendent-decision-0223-20160223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

WVU's Donato thankful for Hayes' influence

BYLINE: Todd Murray, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 642 words


Feb. 22--Sharp-eyed fans at West Virginia Black Bears games likely spotted Chad
Donato sitting in the Monongalia County Ballpark stands with former major-league
infielder Charlie Hayes last August.

What was the Mountaineers' junior right-hander doing chatting with the man who
caught the final out of the New York Yankees' 1996 World Series-clinching
victory over the Atlanta Braves?

The answer, it turns out, is simple.

"We go way back," Donato said. "He's probably the reason I'm here at West
Virginia right now."

Hayes, who played parts of 14 major-league seasons with eight teams, runs Big
League Baseball Academy in Tomball, Texas.

He began coaching Donato when Donato was 7 and continued tutoring him through
his prep career in Cypress, Texas.

"He was my first travel-ball coach," Donato said. "Being around Charlie for that
many years, I had questions that he would be able to answer from playing in the
pros.

"I still talk to him to this day. I can text him, call him anytime. He's there
for me. It's great to have that older person who has been to the professional
level. There's no higher level you can make it to."

Hayes was in Morgantown to watch his son, Ke'Bryan, 18, a first-round draft pick
of the Pittsburgh Pirates in June.

Ke'Bryan Hayes spent the final weeks of the minor-league season with the Black
Bears.

He played third base and helped the Black Bears capture the 2015 New York-Penn
League championship. Hayes and Donato played together on travel-ball teams in
Texas.

"Ke'Bryan is two years younger than me, but don't get me wrong: The kid can
play," Donato said. "He always played up a level. He competed. He's a great kid.

"He has what it takes to make it to the big leagues. It's just going to take
some time. I'm pulling for him."

Whiles Hayes advances in the Pirates' farm system, Donato hopes to make his mark
on the Mountaineers' weekend starting rotation.

After pitching just 3 1/3 innings in relief as a freshman, in 2014, Donato
worked 96 2/3 innings a year ago.

He compiled a 7-6 record and a 3.07 earned-run average, starting 14 of his 15
appearances.

"I threw 96 innings last year, but at the same time it was a learning process
for me," Donato said. "I was new to all this. This year I feel way more
comfortable and confident."

Donato worked with WVU pitching coach Derek Matlock on refining his
fastball-changeup-slider arsenal and building up his arm strength this winter.

"The main thing was getting better at all three pitches," Donato said. "You
can't just be satisfied having one pitch as a starter. You have to have all
three pitches working. If one is not working one day, you have to have another
one to back it up."

WVU catcher Ray Guerrini said Donato is on target to being where he wants to be
with his pitches.

"He can throw all three pitches for strikes," Guerrini said. "The key to his
success is to throw all three pitches for strikes.

"If he loses a pitch, it's a lot easier to hit him. You can sit on a pitch. He
can throw any pitch for a strike at any time. I'm comfortable giving him a
curveball at three balls, no strikes. That's how he is. As long as he can keep
his pitches in the zone and consistent he'll be fine."

Donato believes the Mountaineers' bullpen will be a strength this season. Having
a number of reliable reliever helps alleviate the pressure on him.

"It's a good feeling to have that good, solid bullpen out there to where I can
go five or six innings instead of seven, eight or nine," he said.

"I can flip the ball to the next guy and feel confident he'll get the job done
and close this thing down. To me, this is definitely one of the most solid
pitching staffs we've had since I've been here. I'm looking forward to seeing
what we can do."

___ (c)2016 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160222-MV-WVU-s-Donato-thankful-for-Hayes-influence-0222-20160222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2016 The Dominion Post


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of A6 Corporation titled as "AND METHOD FOR
DETERMINING INFLUENCE OF ENTITIES WITH RESPECT TO CONTEXTS"

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150026105, published on January 22, 2015, by A6 Corporation, titled as "AND
METHOD FOR DETERMINING INFLUENCE OF ENTITIES WITH RESPECT TO CONTEXTS" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Henrichsen; Christopher J.; (Seattle, WA) ; Roubicek; Ben J.;
(Seattle, WA) ; Branch; Frank Lee; (Seattle, WA)
Assignee:       A6 Corporation
Seattle
WA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Systems, methods, and computer-readable media are provided that help
advertisers identify and bid for valuable display advertising impressions made
available through advertising exchanges. An influence determination system
builds an influence graph that includes representations of entities that make
advertising impressions available and interactions between such entities. The
influence determination system determines contexts relevant to the entities, and
applies context labels to entities in the influence graph as appropriate. The
influence determination system calculates and stores context-sensitive influence
scores for entities in the influence graph. The context labels and
context-sensitive influence scores may be used by advertisers to choose
advertising impressions on which bids will be placed."

The Patent was filed on July 21, 2014 under application No. 20150026105

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 5, 2014 Saturday

US Patent granted to Topsy Labs, Inc (California) on July 01, titled as
"Advertising based on influence"

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,768,759, on
July 01, 2014, to Topsy Labs, Inc (California), titled as "Advertising based on
influence"

Inventors:  Ghosh; Rishab Aiyer (Brussels, BE), Prakash; Vipal Ved (San
Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  Topsy Labs, Inc. (San Francisco, CA)


According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Advertising based on influence is provided. In some embodiments, advertising
based on influence includes determining an influence score (e.g., based on a
given dimension) for a subject (e.g., a user), in which the subject is a
potential target for an advertisement; and determining targeting of the
advertisement based on criteria including the influence score of potential
recipients of the advertisement. In some embodiments, the influence score is a
directly estimated objective measure of influence (e.g., estimated using a
social graph). In some embodiments, advertising based on influence also includes
determining pricing of advertisements based on criteria including the influence
score of potential recipients of one or more advertisements. In some
embodiments, advertising based on influence further includes sharing advertising
revenue with the subject based on criteria including the influence score of the
first subject (e.g., as an incentive for the subject to view the
advertisement)."

The patent was filed on December 1, 2009 Application no. 12/628,811

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday

Supervisors vote down lobbyist registration

BYLINE: KIMBERLY, Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 550 words


Lobbyists hoping to influence the decisions of Orange County public officials
won't have to worry about the public knowing who they are or whose interests
they are representing after the Board of Supervisors on Tuesday rejected a
proposal that would have required lobbyists to register in a public database.

The ordinance, introduced by Supervisor Bill Campbell, was intended to shine
more light on how the county's government decision makers make their decisions -
and on who is whispering in their ears to influence those decisions.

"It does give the transparency and the ability ... to follow the money,"
Campbell said.

Lobbyists are required to register when dealing with the state as well as with
numerous cities and counties, including Los Angeles, San Diego and San Francisco
counties.

But those trying to influence Orange County government won't have to play by
those rules.

The proposal was voted down 3-2, with Supervisors John Moorlach, Shawn Nelson
and Pat Bates voting against it. The plan's defeat means the County of Orange,
which is responsible for more than $5.4 billion dollars in taxpayer funds,
remains the largest local government in California without a system to monitor
and report on lobbyists and their attempts to influence public officials.

It is the second time in less than a year a lobbyist registry has been snubbed
by the board.

Former state Sen. Joe Dunn, now executive director of the California State Bar,
proposed a county lobbyist registration system in January, but the plan - which
required both lobbyists and public officials to disclose their conversations -
was dismissed by supervisors as unnecessary.

Campbell's less-restrictive proposal, cobbled together with the help of the
Orange County Business Council, was the board's answer to Dunn.

"We hate it, but we could live with it," said Lucy Dunn, executive director of
the Orange County Business Council.

But even Campbell's ordinance is unneeded, Moorlach said.

"I'm still trying to figure out what we're trying to fix," said Moorlach, adding
he could not point to a single instance of abuse by a lobbyist in Orange County.

"I don't see anything to go after," Moorlach said.

Several supervisors have run into legal trouble over the years after accepting
lavish gifts from lobbyists or other corporate interests and failing to disclose
them as required by law. Most recently, Supervisor Don Roth was convicted in
1993 of seven misdemeanors for years of influence peddling.

Nationwide, lobbying expenditures grew 5 percent, from $3.3 billion in 2008 to
$3.5 billion in 2009. That's up from just $1.4 billion in 1998, according to a
June 2009 Orange County grand jury report titled "Lobbying: The Shadow
Government."

The amount of money spent on lobbying efforts in 2009 is roughly half the amount
of money the federal government spent on the federal court system, the grand
jury said.

The grand jury estimated that 25 individuals and firms lobby Orange County
public officials, but the public doesn't know who they are, which officials they
are talking to, or why.

The grand jury suggested a county lobbyist registration system that would
include registration fees, mandatory reporting, and fines and penalties if
lobbyists don't follow the rules.

For more Watchdog, go to ocregister.com/watchdogblog.



kedds@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 08/05/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Lavar L. Smith, 411 N. George St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver, driving without a license; waived to court.

Norman S. Turpin, 45 E. Philadelphia St.; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Edward Hand Jr., 1219 Peach Tree Road, Magnolia, Del.; stalking; waived to
court.

Santino M. Giuffrida, 202 N. Sumner St.; disorderly conduct, public drunkenness;
held for court.

Luis B. Caraballo, 688 E. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

John J. Ketterman, 2701 Anita Drive, Dover; accidents involving death/personal
injury, accidents involving death/personal injury/not properly licensed, duty to
give information and render aid, drivers required to be licensed, red light
violation, no insurance; held for court.

Edward R. Murray, C/O York County Prison; retail theft (4th offense); waived to
court.

Marcus R. Mitchell, 635 W. Locust St.; driving under the influence: highest rate
of alcohol; held for court.

Chelsea Boyce, 421 St. Bartholomew Road, Hanover; underage drinking; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Heather Hildebrand, 146 Penwood Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Tracey Williams, 109 W. George St., Yoe; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
sentenced to time served.

Brett Weigle, 1753 Monroe St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Tara Taylor, 261 N. Franklin St., Apt. 503, Hanover; bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid fine, costs, and restitution.

Silvia Chavez-Valdez, 5230 Chestnut Grove Road, Spring Grove; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Scott D. Fisher, 27 Red Run Church Road, East Berlin; tax violation; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Alexis Matarrita, 419 Walnut St., rear; mercantile tax violation; found guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Kree Wiede, 300 Country Club Road; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Esther Parker, Pleasant View Ceramics, 18 Main St., Yorkana; tax violation;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rachel Heltzel, 2065 Fish & Game Road, East Berlin; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kevin O. Thomas, 843 Linden Ave.; public drunkenness; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Kaitlin Stambaugh, 26 E. 8th Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Augustina Boamah, A&B African & Caribbean Food, 1132 N. George St.; mercantile
tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Brian K. Howard Jr., 1041 W. King St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
served time.

Dustin Curry, 702 Dale Drive, Baltimore, Md.; underage drinking; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Dion Tuxford, 42 S. Main St., New Freedom; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Joshua Haugh, 845 S. Albemarle St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Richard Hess, 132 Wilson Ave.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and
restitution.

Terri Inners, 4157 Trowbridge Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Donovan Saulisbury, 833 Boundary Ave.; disorderly conduct; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Joseph Barczak, 3400 Concord Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Thomas Golden, Golden & Golden Financial, 163 Scarboro Drive; tax violation;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lisha Lambert, 248 Harding Court; property maintenance; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jarid Boyer, 1345 Old Salem Road; harassment; pleaded guilty, served time.

Dawn Hensley, 178 Woolen Mill Road, New Park; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Jennifer Sager, 24 Burns Road, Spring Grove; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Lynn Baublitz, 323.5 Frederick St., first floor, Hanover; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid fine, costs and restitution.

Stephen Lambert, 248 Harding Court, property maintenance; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Erasmo Leiva, 1290 W. King St., second floor; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Alejandro Escovedo brings music to F.M. Kirby Center

BYLINE: Kristen Gaydos, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 495 words


April 10--Musician Alejandro Escovedo can hear how the music of his biggest
influence, Lou Reed, in his own compositions.

"He's a huge inspiration. Enormous. Probably the biggest overall, not just
lyrically, but music and guitar playing," said Escovedo. "Very, very big
influence on me. I can hear a lot of what I do -- I'm not saying I'm like Lou
Reed, but I definitely hear his influence in my stuff."

Escovedo will perform at 8 p.m. Tuesday as part of the "Live from the Chandelier
Lobby" concert series at the F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts in
downtown Wilkes-Barre.

Escovedo first came up in 1970s punk-rock scene in San Francisco, a foundation
he's layered with roots rock and alternative country.

Escovedo's last full-length album, "Big Station," came out in 2012. More
recently, he appeared in and contributed a cover of a Dandy Warhols' song, "We
Used to Be Friends," to the 2014 "Veronica Mars" movie soundtrack.

The versatile performer is coming to Wilkes-Barre after a power run last month
at the South By Southwest musical festival in Austin, Texas. He played five
shows there, including the annual close-out bash and, with Richard Barone, a
tribute to Reed, guitarist, vocalist and songwriter for the Velvet Underground
who also had an extensive solo career. Reed died in 2013 at age 71.

"It got pretty big this year," said Escovedo, a frequent performer at the
festival. "I'm used to it. I've been doing it quite a while. I've only missed
three South By Southwests. I've been here since the beginning."

Escovedo also finished up about eight shows with Peter Buck of R.E.M. and
several of his fellow members in The Minus 5, including band founder Scott
McCaughey.

"It was a great, great tour, really wonderful," Escovedo said. "It turned out
really well."

So well, in fact, they're going on a West Coast tour in the fall, and then
hitting the recording studio to make an album together. Escovedo said he enjoys
collaborating with other musicians -- it often fuels creativity."

"That's the thing about Peter's band -- they're all so good, you can throw
anything at them, and they'll respond, in a very creative and musical way," he
said.

For the most part, Escovedo said he and his band rehearse and stick to a set
list when they're on tour, though they might mix it up if it feels right.

"That happens, where you kind of read the audience and decide that maybe instead
of the ballad, it's time to pop into something a little livelier," he said.

kgaydos@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2118

What: Alejandro Escovedo, Live from the Chandelier Lobby Series

When: Tuesday, 8 p.m. Doors open 6:30 p.m.

Where: F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts, 71 Public Square, Wilkes-Barre

Tickets: $29.50 plus applicable fees. Purchase at the Kirby box office,
570-826-1100, or kirbycenter.org.

Online: alejandroescovedo.com

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140410-YC-Alejandro-Escovedo-brings-music-to-F-M-Kirby-Center-0410-20140410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 914 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Ernest Simon, Spokane, reported Tuesday the $1,535 theft of an aluminum boat
from a home on the 29000 block of North Terrace Avenue in Spirit Lake.

Merlin Thykeson, employee of Mark's Marine, reported Tuesday the $350 theft of
two tires and wheels from a boat trailer at the business at 14355 N. Government
Way.

Maria Lave, Post Falls, reported Monday the $300 theft of a shotgun from her
home on the 500 block of South Richards Road.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Barry Watson

David L. Curry, 37, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Terry J. Rada, 53, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Tyler D. Whitaker, 19, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine,
180 days in jail (140 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Gayanne A. Windedahl, 42, Wallace; misdemeanor probation violation; 180 days in
jail.

Kathleen C. Bryngelson, 28, Rathdrum; use or possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use; $500 fine ($250 suspended), $100 restitution to state lab,
180 days in jail (171 days suspended) or 24 hours county work program, two years
probation.

James M. Nirk, 60, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180 days
in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

William D. Anderson, 36, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (145 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

David J. Chatham, 52, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (145 days suspended) or 32 hours county work
program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Derek A. Ward, 26, Olympia; Count I: use or possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use; $1,000 fine, one year in jail (363 days suspended), two
years probation. Count II: driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days in
jail (178 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Civil complaints

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brian and Angela Norce, seeking $1,321.

Capital One Bank v. Kenneth Clement, seeking $5,460.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Brenda Menke, seeking $4,593.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Kari Wilkinson, aka Kari Linnemeyer, seeking $2,438.

James and Peggy Lemm v. Walter Nelson Co. of Eastern Washington, seeking an
amount to be proved at trial.

Tamara Pilgrim v. Kootenai Medical Center and Robert Gilbert M.D., seeking an
amount to be proved at trial.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kaytlyn Morrison, plaintiff awarded $1,785.

Outsource Receivables Management/Utah v. Alisha Ballard, plaintiff awarded
$1,125.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Shelley and Sean Young, plaintiff awarded
$8,777.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Todd Mitchell,
plaintiff awarded $2,536.

Divorces sought

Kala D. Osborn from Christopher A. Delport.

Paul D. Harper III from Kimberly K. Harper.

Divorces granted

Joshua C. Arvizu from Erin E. Cowan.

BANKRUPTCIES

Filings from May 6-15.

Chapter 7 (liquidation petitions)

Michael A. Morgan and Krista L. Hansen, Post Falls, debts of $211,233.

Robert Bezoenik and Julie A. Valentine, Athol, debts of $127,224.

James G. and Kimberly K. Martin, Rathdrum, debts of $76,169.

Rhoda D. Reynolds, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $92,367.

Alan D. and Janis L. Carlson, fka Janis L. Maves, fka Janis L. Whipple, Bonners
Ferry, debts of $239,723.

Brenda S. Johnson, Hayden, debts of $77,415.

Tonya A. Steele, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $77,741.

Mark J. and Diane L. Nowoj, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $189,201.

Charles H. and Sara M. Wood, Post Falls, debts of $89,878.

Thomas A. Car, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $166,283.

Scott G. Oulette, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $204,404.

Doreen M. Hendrickson, aka Doreen Becker, Post Falls, debts of $108,229.

David M. and Theresa L. Long, fdba Lakeland Co., Priest River, debts of
$2,409,329.

John and Leanna Horne, Rathdrum, debts of $243,884.

John J. and Shari D. Bonus, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $292,377.

Amanda Pierson, Sagle, debts of $47,193.

Shawn S. Coberly, Pinehurst, debts of $65,372.

Lydell T. and Cynthia L. Cheromiah, aka Lynn Richardson, Athol, debts of
$43,981.

James M. and Roberta L. Reinstra, aka Rob Reinstra, aka Robbie Reinstra, Moyie
Springs, debts of $115,025.

Glenn E. and Tani C. Meacham, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $47,984.

Norman E. Sterner, Hayden, debts of $50,200.

Nancy J. Simms, Sandpoint, debts of $47,732.

Jack M. Thompson II, Rathdrum, debts of $223,076.

Jessica R. Bell, Post Falls, debts of $14,587.

Angela E. Wilcox, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $15,619.

Marc and Rebecca Tamasonis, Post Falls, debts of $183,780.

Chapter 11 (reorganization petitions)

AH Two LLC, Hayden, debts of $796,280.

Chapter 13 (wage-earner petitions)

Gregory A. and Tana J. Yamada, Rathdrum, debts of $377,593.

Teri L. Manes, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $316,976.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

Cirque du Soleil's 'Immortal' aims to re-create Michael Jackson's magic

BYLINE: By Karen D'Souza kdsouza@mercurynews.com

SECTION: PERFORMING ARTS; News; Entertainment; Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 838 words


LAS VEGAS -- The King of Pop has been reincarnated in Cirque du Soleil's latest
mind-bending spectacle "The Immortal," which moonwalks into the Bay Area this
week.

The legend of Michael Jackson is reborn in this beyond-glitzy two-hour megamix
of pop anthems, gravity-defying acrobatics and high-flash special effects. From
Jackson's pet chimp Bubbles to the gates of Neverland, the iconography of the
pop star is traced in an explosion of eye candy that careens from the dreamy to
the bizarre. (Did we mention the mime, the scantily clad cellist or the pole
dancer?) At the center of the outrageousness is Jackson's voice, beckoning from
beyond the grave as images of his classic music videos, from "Thriller" to "Beat
It," dance before our eyes on massive LED screens.

"We wanted to get inside of Michael's head and experience the world through his
eyes," says writer-director Jamie King, who was keenly aware that since the
show's star is no longer with us, his presence had to be channeled in every way
possible. "We want the fans to feel connected to him, to feel his presence
onstage."

The French Canadian entertainment empire has long had an affinity for pop music
gods. Of the eight Cirque extravaganzas playing in Vegas today, two spin around
rock stars. There's the Elvis show "Viva Elvis" and the Beatles mashup "Love" in
addition to "Immortal," which holds court Friday through Sunday at San Jose's HP
Pavilion and Tuesday and Wednesday at Oakland's Oracle Arena.

For the record, Jackson was a huge Cirque fan, which is one reason members of
the Jackson family have embraced the production as a sort of arena-style
memorial to their fallen family member.

"It brings back memories," says bowler-clad Tito Jackson, who attended the
show's Las Vegas premiere amid a buzzing hive of paparazzi, fans and Jacko
impersonators.

[0/00]'Gone Too Soon' always makes me tear up," agrees brother Jackie sadly. "He
was gone too soon."

The exuberant King first met Jackson when he was a young dancer cutting his
teeth on the 1992 Dangerous tour. He went on to become a big-name director on
the rock concert circuit working with celebs such as Rihanna and Madonna. He
says that he has been inspired by the King of Pop ever since.

"How did Michael Jackson influence show business? What didn't he influence? He
changed everything," King says. "Everyone I know has been influenced by Michael
Jackson in some way, shape or form. A lot of people, not only me, do what we do,
we perform, we create because of Michael."

From the advent of music videos to the marriage of fashion and pop music,
Jackson was indeed a groundbreaker.

"You see Michael's influence everywhere," says costume designer Zaldy Goco,
standing amid endless rows of LED-light-studded body suits backstage. "You are
always paying homage to him in one way or another even if you don't realize it.
He had that kind of influence."

The almost $60 million two-hour production, which bops from the early Jackson
Five days to the era of "Smooth Criminal" and back, is more than just another
gig for many in the creative team. They see it as a way of saying goodbye to a
cherished force in their lives.

"I had to look deep inside and remember everything that Michael did over the
years," says choreographer Travis Payne, a longtime collaborator with the Gloved
One. "The canon of movement is so vast, you can't hope to capture all of it, so
we tried to give it a fresh perspective."

For example, the mime in the show, an odd fellow clad all in white, is both a
symbol of Jackson and a reminder that the signature moonwalk move has its
origins in the world of mime. The element that binds all these images together
is that unmistakable voice.

"He was truly a master of vocals," says the show's musical designer, Kevin
Antunes. "I want the fans to experience listening to Michael even though there
is a lot of screaming and chanting and 'I love you Michael,' so we have to work
hard to make sure Michael's voice is heard."

For the record, "Immortal" celebrates the Jackson song and dance catalog but
also tries to invoke the singer's legacy as a humanitarian. While some consider
the singer's reputation besmirched by allegations of child molestation, drug
abuse and radical cosmetic surgery, true fans refer to him as a prophet for
social change.

"He was more than just a performer -- he was a humanitarian," Tito says. "And
that part of his life was most important for me, because he really cared about
our world and our society and feeding hunger and making this world a better
place. I would like for him to be remembered in those aspects as well as his
music."

Watching the project come to fruition brings many fans and family members to
tears.

"Seeing how many people love my brother makes me feel good," Tito says. "It
makes me feel like he is still alive."

'Michael Jackson: The Immortal World Tour'

Presented by Cirque du Soleil

When: Friday through Sunday at San Jose's HP Pavilion, Tuesday and Wednesday at
Oakland's Oracle Arena
Tickets: $50-$250, 800-745-3000, www.cirquedusoleil.com/michaeljackson


LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy OSA Images -- Pictured is a scene from images from Michael
Jackson THE IMMORTAL World Tour by Cirque du Soleil.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday

Labor Day weekend arrests on Sacramento River listed

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 435 words


The Butte County Sheriff's Office has released the following list of those
arrested Saturday and Sunday in the vicinity of the Sacramento River, and on
what charges, by the various agencies participating in the Labor Day enforcement
effort:

SATURDAY

Jessica M. Brierly, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Carlos Jeronimo Hernandez, 21, Lodi, drunk in public.

Joshua John Welter, 28, Chico, drunk in public and vandalism.

SUNDAY

Joshua Fredrick Anderson, 23, Sonoma, drunk in public.

Ryan Ray Baley, 22, Chico, drunk in public.

Krystin Danielle Barker, 20, Santa Barbara, drunk in public.

Derek Thomas Blythe, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Nicholas Barry Brown, 23, Torrance, driving under the influence.

Christina Marie Calhoun, 22, Martinez, drunk in public.

Richard Patrick Calhoun, 21, Martinez, drunk in public.

Brandon Cameron Carlson, 21, Benicia, driving under the influence.

Spencer James Chovick, 19, Santa Rosa, drunk in public.

Ralston Arneaux Dawson, 24, Brentwood, possession of a controlled substance.

Mariah Noel Flores, 18, Ventura, drunk in public.

Thomas Patrick Gallagher, 23, San Francisco, driving under the influence.

Davy Mendoza Garcia, 20, San Mateo, driving under the influence.

Taylor Gillespie, 19, Sacramento, vehicle theft.

Taylor Nathaniel Gilmore, 30, Chico, driving under the influence.

Jonathan William Gualotuna, 22, Chico, driving under the influence.

Miles Daniel Huser, 20, Sacramento, drunk in public.

Benjamin Jacobson, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Samantha M. Krentz, 21, Chico, drunk in public.

Hannah Elizabeth Lane, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Taylor Victoria Lewis, 20, San Carlos, drunk in public.

Robert Michael 18, Lothringer, Antioch, drunk in public.

Thomas Alexander 18, Luiz, Lake Forest, drunk in public.

Andrea Maureen Maggiore, 19, Chico, vehicle theft.

Megan Maggiore, 21, Chico, vehicle theft and driving under the influence.

Alexander Manuel Manso, 24, Vallejo, driving under the influence.

Elizabeth McGarraqry, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Michael Patrick McGuire, 22, Grass Valley, drunk in public.

Claudio A. Morlaes, 22, Chico, driving under the influence.

Ryan Anthony Ramos, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Steve Rankin, 23, Walnut Creek, drunk in public.

Sam Joseph Runco, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Amit Singh Sarkaria, 19, Chico, drunk in public.

Cody Lee Smith-Brown, 24, Brentwood, driving under the influence.

Richard L. Storelee, 20, Chico, drunk in public.

Ty Mark Stroud, 19, Waterford, drunk in public.

Craig Robert Tatum-Delacruz, 20, Merced, drunk in public and outstanding
warrants.

Summer Marina Thomas, 19, Discovery Bay, vehicle theft.

Nicholas Enrique Zermeno, Chico, 23, drunk in public.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              May 26, 2008 Monday

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 496 words


Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Jennifer A. Hood-Lambert, 24, of 3169 S. Central Avenue #8 on a misdemeanor
warrant for failure to pay at 11:23 p.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail,
1910 Pioneer Ave.

Joshua L. Madden, 21, of 2203 S. Greeley Highway Apt. 1 on a misdemeanor warrant
for a court order violation at 2:50 p.m. Tuesday at 309 W. 20th St.

Shirly A. Mehring, 21, of 940 W. College Drive #804 on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay at 2:12 p.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Jose C. Franco, 45, of 1314 W. 13th St. #4 on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to appear in court at 6:30 a.m. Tuesday at his residence.

James T. Clem II, 38, of 1439 Lapman Court for driving under the influence and
driving with a suspended license at 5:50 a.m. Tuesday at his residence.

Antonio Ruelas, 28, of Colorado Springs, Colo. on an out-of-state felony warrant
at 1:33 a.m. Tuesday at the Laramie County jail.

Lloyd E. Matheson, 36, of 2222 E. Converse Ave. on an out-of-county misdemeanor
warrant at 11:36 p.m. Monday in the 1600 block of South Greeley Highway.

Daniel R. Bunn, 25, of 3400 S. Greeley Highway #159 on a misdemeanor warrant for
probation violation at 7 p.m. May 18 at the Laramie County jail.

Julian A. Apodaca, 30, of 2314 Persons Road #117 on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay and for driving under the influence at 2:55 a.m. May 18 in the
100 block of West Sixth Street.

David M. Kellam, 18, of 2722 Carey Ave. for driving under the influence at 3:30
a.m. May 17 at Deming Drive and Walterscheid Boulevard.

Basilio Vazquez-Medina, 25, of 505 Williams St. #221 for driving under the
influence at 2:24 a.m. May 17 at Sabrina Court and East Prosser Road.

Eric F. Barrera, 24, of 433 Patton Ave. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to
appear in court and for driving without a license at 10:43 p.m. May 16 at Fifth
Street and Interstate 180.

Sally D. Bean, 47, of 3814 House Ave. #2 on a misdemeanor warrant for probation
violation at 2:15 p.m. May 16 at the Laramie County jail.

Larry D. Evans, 54, of Detroit, Mich., on a felony warrant for vehicle theft at
10:45 a.m. May 16 at the Laramie County jail.

Brent D. Hammond, 31, of 1108 Ahrens Ave. for driving under the influence at
3:45 a.m. May 16 in the 3300 block of West College Drive.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol was:

Antonio Ruelas, 28, of Colorado Springs, Colo., for speeding and driving under
the influence at 11:20 a.m. Monday on Interstate 25 at mile marker 32.

n

Recently arrested by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency was:

William N. Ellis, 50, of Harriman on a U.S. Marshals Service hold at 7:20 p.m.
Tuesday at his residence.

Blotter Briefs is a list of recent arrests compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE Editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 11, 2007 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 469 words


Kootenai County

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for information about the following people, identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at
(208) 446-1300.

Felonies

Charles F. Adams Jr. - 29, Bonners Ferry, failure to appear/felony driving under
the influence, driving while suspended, $60,000 bond.

Angelique C. Combs - 36, Sagle, delivery of a controlled substance, $50,000
bond.

Robin M. Griffith - 43, Spokane, forgery, $10,000 bond.

Megan J. McKay - 20, Mullan, failure to appear/burglary, grand theft, reckless
driving, invalid driver's license, $30,000 bond.

Matthew J. Porterfield - 35, Spokane, grand theft, misdemeanor probation
violation/driving under the influence, $30,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Kellen L. Appoldt - 23, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/inattentive driving,
$4,000 bond.

Lisa K. Birkel - 46, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/willful concealment,
trespassing (two counts), 343 days in jail.

Richard E. Burns - 28, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
possession of paraphernalia, $1,000 bond.

Jay J. Eversole - 28, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/petty
theft, driving under the influence, $25,000 bond.

Brandon A. James - 24, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
$500 bond.

Dillon W. Henderson - 22, Post Falls, misdemeanor probation violation/domestic
battery (two counts), obstructing, $15,000 bond.

Anthony D. Homan - 32, Coeur d'Alene, misdemeanor probation violation/possession
of marijuana, driving under the influence, $20,000 bond.

David P. Lipscomb - 48, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia with intent
to use (two counts), invalid driver's license, $14,000 bond.

Tasun R. McCauley - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/battery, $10,000 bond.

Louis J. Messerly - 48, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/possession of
marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use, $2,500 bond.

Tracy L. Mitchell, aka Tracey - 42, Post Falls, failure to appear/domestic
battery, $10,000 bond.

Peter Puga III - 21, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

Gary L. Ralph - 41, Sagle, failure to appear/reckless driving, $1,000 bond.

Larney K. Rucker - 35, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/disturbing the peace,
invalid driver's license, $10,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted felons can
be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home page at
http://co.kootenai. id.us/sheriff

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 21, 2007 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 03/21/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Nicole Speier, 619 S. Duke St., first floor; bad checks; held for court.

Marion B. Taylor, 1821 Oakley Drive, Apt. 2G; driving under the influence; open
lewdness, careless driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

Mark J. Zucco, 1750 Roosevelt Ave., Niles, Ohio; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Melina D. Blackwell, 4453 Lynwood Drive, Spring Grove; bad checks; waived to
court.

Christian B. Taughinbaugh, 710 Jessop Place, Apt. 101; drugs; held for court.

Christian B. Taughinbaugh, 710 Jessop Place, Apt. 101; possession of marijuana,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Robert W. Connolly, 617 Frederick St., Apt. 2, Hanover; driving under the
influence, exceed maximum speed limits; waived to court.

Zachary R. Millward, 3609 Partridge Drive, Dover; driving under the influence;
careless driving; waived to court.

Sabrina Sneddon, 10S Greenwood Road; bad checks; waived to court.

Ralph E. Eberly Jr., 3143 Sunshine Drive, Dover; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

Brandon D. Severns, 263 Chestnut Road; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Rodger E. Kuntz, 60 Westview Manor; recklessly endangering another person,
driving under the influence; simple assault, reckless driving, disregard traffic
lane signals; waived to court.

Donald L. Mims Jr., 71 W. Boundary Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Pierre Demoss, 611 W. Locust St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Wanda E. Zapata, 140 E. Charles Lane; bad check; found guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Jessica Christine, 17 S. Main St., East Prospect; bad check; found guilty, paid
fine, costs and restitution.

Shawn M. Ridley, 533 E. Philadelphia St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, served
10 days in York County Prison.

David J. Gardner, 135 S. Belvidere Ave.; public drunkenness, disorderly conduct,
harassment; pleaded guilty, served 24 days in York County Prison.

Timothy R. Shaffer, 696 Walborn Lane, Millersburg; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Kim M. Feldman, 2959 Milkey Way, Dover; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Kevin T. Mummert, 736 Baltimore St., Apt. 1, Hanover; robbery, simple assault,
conspiracy to commit robbery; waived to court.

Christopher M. Carollo, 1334 W. Philadelphia St.; robbery; waived to court.

Bennett D. Woodard, 737 S. Beaver St.; theft by deception; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              July 17, 2005 Sunday

KNME HEAD TO HELP PICK PUBLIC TV PRESIDENT

BYLINE: NATALIE STOREY

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 551 words


The head of the Public Broadcasting Service in New Mexico says he isn't
concerned about how politics will affect the selection of a new national
president for public broadcasting, a decision in which he will play a major role
as a search-committee member.

"There should be no concern of undue influence of the Corporation for Public
Broadcasting or any one else," said Ted Garcia, general manager at KNME-TV in
Albuquerque, who sits on the national committee picking a new president for PBS.

Current president Pat Mitchell will leave her post next June 30. Garcia expects
a new president to be chosen by January.

The corporation, which oversees and allocates funds to PBS, is a private
nonprofit created by Congress in 1967. It was designed to be a political shield
for public broadcasters, so partisan interests would not influence programming,
which by law is supposed to be fair and balanced.

But there have been squabbles over perceptions of a political slant to PBS
programming. Some conservatives detect a liberal bias. Others, meanwhile,
speculate the Bush administration is stacking the nonprofit corporation with its
own appointees and using it to influence PBS programming. Some analysts fear
politics will hamper the selection of a new boss for public television.

"The system itself is corrupt," said Steve Randall, a senior analyst for
Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, a media watchdog based in New York City.
"And, yes, I think it is going to be affected."

Randall's group thinks the appointment of the corporation's board members should
be insulated from politics as much as possible.

Randall said he couldn't imagine the search committee bucking what he says is a
trend of appeasing Bush administration appointees on the board when it picks
Mitchell's replacement. He thinks board members influence programming by using
money to bully programmers.

Randall cited James Ledbetter, another media analyst, who has written a book
about the "death" of public broadcasting. Ledbetter wrote that PBS has become
"like a dog that has learned how to flinch" when dealing with the CPB.

"The CPB itself is a political favor bank," Randall said. "PBS is subject to the
same political whims of the CPB."

The chairman of the board is Kenneth Tomlinson, an outspoken Republican who was
nominated to the post by President Bush.

Randall said PBS programming has been blander since shows like Now with Bill
Moyers were called too liberal by Tomlinson and subsequently changed by PBS.

Moyers retired last year after Tomlinson attacked the show -- at one point he
charged the show "does not contain anything approaching the balance the law
requires." The program is still on the air but has a different host.

However, Garcia said people like Randall have misconceptions about Moyers'
retirement. Moyers had been planning on retiring for years, Garcia said. Also,
Moyers continues to a host a show called Wide Angle.

"There is a myth that PBS asked him to leave," said Garcia, who sits on a number
of national PBS boards. "He was never asked to leave."

PBS programming, especially New Mexico's programming, will not be affected by
political appointments, Garcia said. "I can't conceive of a scenario where the
chief executive of PBS would have the capacity to skew programming either to the
conservative or liberal side," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Ted Garcia

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Police log

BYLINE: By Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 688 words


February 12

The Brattleboro Police Department responded to Old Guilford Road for a report of
a male subject trespassing on a residential property. The male, Justin Clough,
36, of Brattleboro, was subsequently issued a criminal citation, ordering him
into the Windham County Superior court at a later date for the offense.

March 8

At 3:10 p.m., the Vermont State Police conducted a motor vehicle stop on Route 9
in Brattleboro. As a result, Kevin G. Collins, 58, of Marlboro, was arrested and
cited with operating a vehicle with a suspended license and violating the
conditions of his release.

At 6:50 p.m., the Vermont State Police conducted a motor vehicle stop on Route 5
in Rockingham. Prior to the stop, the vehicle was clocked at 86 mph in a 65-mph
zone. As a result, Jonathan Burdick, 39, of New London, Conn., was found to be
under the influence. During a search of the vehicle 15 grams of marijuana and
several alcohol containers were located. In addition, an 8-year-old child was in
the vehicle with Burdick. He was arrested and cited with driving under the
influence and cruelty to a child.

March 9

At 1:20 a.m., the Vermont State Police stopped a 1998 Buick for speed in the
construction zone on Interstate 91 in Brattleboro. As a result, Earl L. Brown,
38, of Hartford, Conn., was arrested and cited with driving under the influence.

March 10

At 1 a.m., the Vermont State Police conducted a speeding stop on Interstate 91
in Rockingham. As a result, William W. Rose, 58, of Greenfield, Mass., was
arrested and cited with driving under the influence.

The Brattleboro Police Department arrested Elijah Ealey, 27, of Brattleboro, for
a violation of his court ordered conditions of release. Ealey was located as a
passenger in a vehicle and it was determined that this was a violation of a
court imposed 24 hour curfew. Ealey was placed under arrest and transported to
the Brattleboro Police Department where he was processed, cited and released
with new conditions of release.

March 11

At approximately 10:50 a.m., Andrew Kosari, 20, of Boston, was headed south on
West River Road in Dummerston with multiple passengers in a 2016 Ford Escape. In
an attempt to follow the GPS, Kosari made a last second turn toward Upper
Dummerston Road. The vehicle went off the road at the intersection of Upper
Dummerston Road and West River Road. No major injuries were sustained and the
car was towed from the scene.

March 12

Vermont State Police in Rockingham stopped Michael Rounds, 33, of Claremont,
N.H., for a motor vehicle violation in Londonderry at the junction of Route 11
and Route 100. Rounds' operator's license was under suspension criminally and he
was issued a citation to appear in Vermont Superior Court, Windham County,
Criminal Division on April 12.

At approximately 11:10 p.m., Vermont State Police conducted a motor vehicle stop
on Vermont Route 11 in Londonderry. During the investigation, the operator
Dustin A. Wills, 28, of Bennington, was found to be under the influence of
alcohol. Wills was transported to the Rockingham State Police Barracks for
processing. Wills was released with a criminal citation and ordered to appear at
the Windham County Superior Court at a later date for the above charge.

At approximately 11 p.m., members of the Vermont State Police responded to a
residence on Old Depot Road, in Putney, for a report of a domestic disturbance.
Upon arrival, troopers met and spoke with family members and discovered that
Ronald A. Brink, 66, of Putney, had assaulted two members of his family. Brink
was arrested and transported to the Brattleboro barracks where he was
fingerprinted, photographed, and processed for domestic assault and first degree
aggravated domestic assault. Brink was lodged at Southern State Correctional
Facility and is due to appear in court on March 14.

All persons named in the Police Log are innocent until proven guilty in a court
of law. If you've appeared in the Police Log, and the charges were later dropped
or dismissed, and you would like a follow-up to appear in print, please contact
the Reformer newsroom at 802-254-2311, ext. 215, or news@reformer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                Influence Direct

                               2441 Old Fort Pkwy
                                     # 318
                            Murfreesboro,  TN 37128
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 866-634-7771
URL: http://www.influencedirect.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/pages/Murfreesboro-TN/Influence
-DirectLLC/61656084551
http://www.linkedin.com/company/influence-direct-inc-
http://www.youtube.com/influencedirect
https://plus.google.com/u/0/113516032892912551492/posts
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/109760979844642318742/109760979844642318742/posts
https://twitter.com/Adweek
https://twitter.com/BPGresham
https://twitter.com/CharlesEsten
https://twitter.com/CNNMoney
https://twitter.com/CoachWTurnbow
https://twitter.com/FreddieMac
https://twitter.com/influencedirect
https://twitter.com/minsell
https://twitter.com/NewVisionLife
https://twitter.com/PaulHeggenWSMV
https://twitter.com/WSMV

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 7866265

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Influence Direct is a company focussed on Direct Mail, and 1 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Influence Direct does business in
the Automation, Automotive, and Communications Industries, as well as 12 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Influence Direct has at least 3 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Home Influence
Direct, Inc. Direct Marketing Solutions by Influence Direct"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54161300
SIC CODES:
51120000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Direct Mail


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Automobiles, Backgrounds, Banking, Brochures, Business Cards,
Buttons, Channels, Coupons, Custom Mailers, Direct Mail, Elements, Flats,
Folders, Games, Generators, Hubs, Kraft Envelopes, Mailers, Mailing Lists,
Measures, Overalls, Panels, Pictures, Post Office Boxes, Posts, Printers,
Receptacles, Satins, Scanners, Seed, Sheets, Shrink Tunnels, Solutions, Stamps,
Stickers, Targets, Wafer, Wafers, Window Envelopes, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

MAYOR'S INAUGURAL BALL

BYLINE: AMY SCHERZER

SECTION: CITY TIMES; SOCIAL SCENE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 619 words


The Economic Club, called the Exchange Club until last year, offered a
black-tie, big bang theory to launch Bob Buckhorn's second term. Organizers
correctly theorized a two-part Mayor's Inaugural Ball would sell out, starting
with dinner on a Straz Center stage for 400 FOBs (Friends of Bob), and ending
with a big bang: spectacular fireworks on the riverfront. Former mayors Sandy
Freedman (1986-1995 ), Bob Martinez (1979-1986) and Dick Greco (1967-1974 and
1995-2003) nodded knowingly as Mayor No. 58 enthused about the city's explosive
growth and potential.

Hillsborough Education Foundation director Phil Jones eagerly accepted $50,000
from the April 2 gala proceeds for its dropout prevention mentoring programs
from co-chairs Bob Miles and Sebastian "Buster" Castelano. Kudos to the Economic
Club for the highly informative program book placed at each seat

* * *

Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce's Women of Influence luncheon

CEO Bob Rohrlack continued his one-clap per sponsor tradition at the Tampa
Chamber of Commerce's annual Women of Influence luncheon April 2 at A La Carte
Event Pavilion. But boundless applause followed Robin DeLaVergne's introduction
of the 2015 Woman of Influence, University of South Florida president Judy
Genshaft.

PNC sponsor Dianne Jacob welcomed "850 great women and a few great men" before
Debra Palmer introduced Sword & Plough co-founders Emily Nunez Cavness, 25, and
Betsy Nunez. As an Army paratrooper, Emily created a social enterprise:
repurposing military surplus material - tents, duffels and such - into totes,
messenger bags and backpacks. From hitching a ride on a snow plow to make a
pitch for startup money at Harvard to raising $53,000 their first day on
Kickstarter to deploying to Afghanistan, the sisters' experiences fascinated. In
a Q and A with Debbie Lundberg, they tallied 38 veterans jobs created, more than
6,000 products shipped and 20,000 pounds of surplus used since 2013.

* * *

Ye Loyal Krewe of Grace O'Malley Celebration Ball

O'Malley XXIII Nancy Laskowitz took the helm of Ye Loyal Krewe of Grace O'Malley
at the club's 23rd annual celebration ball Feb. 28.

Laissez les bon temps rouler, decreed co-chairs Jennifer Basham and Patricia
Heid (O'Malley XVI ), kicking off a "Night in Old New Orleans" with a
traditional second line. The Black Honkeys band paraded some of the previous
O'Malleys and a retinue of special guests into TPepin's Hospitality Centre in a
rambunctious whirl of parasols, tambourines and trumpets.

Tampa's first all-female krewe, formed in 1992, now counts 250 active members.

* * *

Salvation Army women's auxiliary fashion show

Dolores Deiter arranged orchid centerpieces - all for sale - to make the 22nd
annual Salvation Army of Tampa's fashion show bloom. Lauren Dungy's opening
prayer made the March 27 luncheon soar. WFLA-Ch. 8 anchor Gayle Sierens emceed
at the Doubletree Airport Hotel, as Dungy and a dozen other models showed
springy styles from Nikki's Glitz & Glam, Why Not Boutique, Liz Murtagh Boutique
and the Pink Palm. Linda Kropp turned heads with the fashionable outfits she
pulled together and accessorized from donations to the Salvation Army Family
Stores.

* * *

Events

Today: Tropical Nights gala auction benefits Keep Tampa Bay Beautiful; 7-11
p.m.; TPepin's Hospitality Centre; $100; (813) 221-8733 or keeptampa
baybeautiful.org.

Saturday: Fashionollia 67, hosted by the Tampa Woman's Club, benefits Mary Lee's
House; 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.; Renaissance Hotel, International Plaza, $65; (813)
839-7457.

Saturday Heart Ball benefits American Heart Association; 6 p.m.; A La Carte
Event Pavilion, $500; (727) 563-8112.

Saturday: Karamu XXVII black-tie gala benefits Tampa's Lowry Park Zoo; 6:30
p.m.; $250; (813) 935-8552.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - AMY SCHERZER - Times: Kelly Everson, left, Michele Bailey,
Mayor Bob Buckhorn and JoAnn Strober celebrate at the Mayor's Inaugural Ball
before the fireworks display on the riverfront behind the Straz Center. PHOTO -
AMY SCHERZER - Times: Former Tampa Mayor Bob Martinez and his wife, Mary Jane,
from left, and Linda McClintock Greco and former Mayor Dick Greco reminisce
about their tenures at Tampa's first Mayor's Inaugural Ball, hosted by the
Economic Club on April 2. PHOTO - AMY SCHERZER - Times: Sword & Plough
co-founder Emily Nunez Cavness, left, Tampa Chamber of Commerce board chairman
Ron Cristaldi, Betsy Nunez and chamber CEO Bob Rohrlack visit at the ninth Women
of Influence luncheon April 2. PHOTO - AMY SCHERZER - Times: Terry Lea Pepin,
left, and Salvation Army auxiliary president Abigail Dougherty get ready to
model at the 22nd annual fashion show. PHOTO - Sandy Turkel: Nancy Laskowitz
became the 23rd O'Malley, head of Ye Loyal Krewe of Grace O'Malley, on Feb. 28.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Campaign-finance ruling blasted

BYLINE: By Chris Camire, ccamire@lowellsun.com

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 485 words


BOSTON -- Two area lawmakers are leading an effort to overturn a U.S. Supreme
Court decision that eased restrictions on the use of corporate money in
political campaigns.

State Sen. Jamie Eldridge and Rep. Cory Atkins joined lawmakers and activists at
the Statehouse yesterday to introduce a nonbinding resolution calling for a
constitutional amendment overturning Citizens United.

Critics have blasted the decision, which states that corporations have the same
rights as individuals to make unlimited contributions to independent groups
seeking to influence elections.

"They don't breed. They don't reproduce. They're not even American citizens,"
said Atkins, D-Concord, of corporations. "They have no allegiance to their
country."

Similar measures have been introduced in at least nine other states.

The 5-4 Supreme Court ruling two years ago has been harshly criticized by
members of Congress who say it has given corporations unlimited influence over
elections.

Critics of the decision yesterday said attack ads funded by so-called Super
PACs, which can spend unlimited amounts of cash on elections, are influencing
the presidential election. They warned Super PACs could also influence local
elections, such as selectmen and city council races.

"Imagine the impact it would have if that same spending came here to
Massachusetts," said Eldridge, an Acton Democrat. "We'll see that kind of
influence in the U.S. Senate race."

In the wake of the Citizens United decision, campaign spending by outside groups
has skyrocketed. In the 2010 election cycle, the first since the Supreme Court's
decision, outside groups spent nearly $300 million, according to supporters of
the resolution.

The debate over Super PACs has reached Massachusetts's U.S. Senate race.
Republican Scott Brown and Democrat Elizabeth Warren are now discussing a
possible Super PAC cease-fire.

Yesterday, Brown said he and Warren should agree to make hefty donations to
charity if outside groups launch television ads in support of their campaigns.
Brown's proposal comes ahead of a planned meeting between campaign staff
tomorrow.

Under Brown's proposal each candidate would donate half the cost of a
third-party ad to charity if that ad supports their candidacy by name or attacks
their opponent by name.

U.S. Reps. Niki Tsongas and Jim McGovern have filed legislation to prevent any
federal funds received by corporations, private companies, or other entities
from being used for lobbying or in political campaigns.

Tsongas is also a strong supporter of the DISCLOSE Act, which would mandate that
political advertisements be required to be identify the entity sponsoring them.

Eldridge and Atkins are sponsoring similar legislation on the state level. Their
bill would require corporations to disclose any money they spend on a political
campaign to the Office of Campaign and Political Finance.

Material from the Associated Press was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

A cultural pillar;
For better or worse, Andrea Palladio's classicism saturated American
architecture

BYLINE: Philip Kennicott

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1340 words


When a new edition of Andrea Palladio's "Four Books of Architecture" arrived in
colonial Virginia in 1751, the news merited notice in the Virginia Gazette.
Today, a cheap reprint of that edition, the English translation overseen by
Isaac Ware, is published in paperback by Dover, list price $22.95.

This is not proof of depreciation, but rather yet more evidence that Palladio's
ideas were so successful they have become ubiquitous, and almost invisible.
Palladio, as a new exhibition at the National Building Museum reminds us, is the
single most pervasive influence on American architecture, to the point that it
can be difficult to distinguish "Palladian" ideas from generically American
ones.

The local shortlist of Palladian buildings is long: the Supreme Court, the White
House, the National Gallery of Art, the Virginia state capitol in Richmond and a
host of homes and villas throughout the region, including Jefferson's Monticello
near Charlottesville. All of these are featured in "Palladio and His Legacy: A
Transatlantic Journey." All of them are distinguished by a strict classicism, a
preference for column-supported temple-front facades, an orthodox use of Greek
and Roman elements, and rigid symmetry.

The exhibition takes it for granted that these things are beautiful and that
their connection to Palladio gives them not just Old World legitimacy but
classical, ancient-world gravitas. Perhaps the curators are right, but it's
enough to bring out the contrarian in a viewer. It's a bit like being told that
the Bible is the single greatest influence on literature. Of course it is, but
suddenly the mind craves liberation from this dull platitude in a host of
iconoclastic questions: Was it a benign or malignant influence? Are there lesser
influences that might have had a more positive impact? Would the history of
literature be more interesting if it weren't so biblically saturated?

The same goes with Palladio. His particular marriage to American architectural
history is a mix of accident and affinity.

He was originally a stonemason, before he was encouraged by a classic
Renaissance man -- his mentor, Giangiorgio Trissino -- to take up a broader
study of music, science, literature and the writings of the ancients. Palladio,
however, never lost the craftsman's attention to the rugged stuff of making
buildings, the foundations, the materials, the details of how stone was placed
on stone.

He was not the first to publish a detailed survey of architecture, but his
treatise was written in comprehensible language, relatively unencumbered by
philosophical verbiage and richly detailed with how-to instruction. The
down-to-earth thinking behind Palladio's great book was obviously part of its
appeal to the Anglo-American world.

He also did most of his life's work in and around Venice, which was in the
mid-16th century nominally a republic, although in practice it was a stinking
cesspool of internecine family rivalries and oligarchic pretension. The
republican virtues of the Palladian style were taken for granted by American
architects and nation builders, including Jefferson and Washington, even though
what seemed to them republican was in fact the imperial splendor of Rome, a
brutal empire run by egotistical conquerors who left us the relics of a workable
legal system and some good ideas about plumbing.

But it was the adoption of Palladio's ideas in 18th century England, about a
century after they had gone stale most everywhere else, that sealed the fate of
American architecture. By accident or design, Palladio's aesthetic infiltrated
English architecture and, in particular, the pattern books that offered
ready-made templates for so many home builders in the American colonies.

History, of course, might have taken a different path. Reading Palladio's
predecessor, Sebastiano Serlio, is a lot more fun and gives you a much better
and richer sense of the architectural possibilities of the Renaissance. And
architecture before and after Palladio had a grace (in the works of Brunelleschi
and Bramante) and whimsy (the splendors of the baroque) that is kept muted in
the anal-retentive purity of Palladio's style.

No matter. The English, and eventually the Americans, were besotted with
Palladio and now we live in his world.

But we don't respect it much. Images and models of important Palladian
structures seen in this exhibition don't show the security fascism that has shut
down access to their front doors. These buildings are all too often stopped up
by bollards and planters, and subverted by new entrances. Their bombast
survives, but none of the supposed republican openness or egalitarianism that we
thought was inherent in the style. Even people who run libraries and museums
undermine Palladian grandeur by doing everything they can to ensure that we
enter the premises like charwomen and delivery boys, unencumbered by any ideas
about the heroic dignity of knowledge or learning.

What one would give for an architecture of openness and access, irregularity and
porosity, buildings so truly permeable that bureaucrats couldn't undermine them
so easily. But that wasn't Palladio, who loved a centrally placed front door
that can be plugged up. But of course he can't be blamed for how thoroughly
we've diluted the power of his buttoned-up, tightly wound designs.

The current exhibition is best appreciated as a survey of Palladio's drawing,
rather than for the blindingly obvious fact of his "transatlantic legacy." A few
early drawings show him working in perspective, but these were copies of earlier
architects' work (copying was a form of learning for young designers). For the
most part, Palladio worked in straightforward plans and elevations, using only a
bit of shading to indicate curves and depth. In this he was following the
fashion of the day, but also giving the best and most useful information to
builders.

In some cases, Palladio was transcribing what he found in Roman ruins; in
others, he was speculating on what those ruins might have looked like before
time took its toll. In one particularly finicky and academic drawing, made early
in his career, he imagines an Ionic colonnade as described by Vitruvius, the
Roman author who left detailed (and often confusing) descriptions but no actual
representations of architecture from the supposed Roman golden age. It looks so
hard-edged and tightly coiled that you can practically see the tension in the
artist's hands.

The more free-form drawings, the ones that capture Palladio thinking aloud
rather than beautifying ideas for patrons and posterity, are the most
fascinating. In one particularly interesting example, we see him reconstruct a
massive Roman temple, the Temple of Fortune, but in sketchy form, with "how they
did it" merging with "how I'd do it." That technique was the essence of his
architectural philosophy.

Along with rare drawings of Palladio, the exhibition also includes beautiful
models made by contemporary modelmaker Timothy Richards, including a magnificent
reproduction of the Pantheon and a fascinating rendering of Jefferson's
Monticello with a classic Palladian two-tiered pediment, which would have
offered great views from the second floor but was scrapped in favor of the
lower, single-level pediment we know today. Together, the drawings and the
models make for excellent study and a worthy afternoon.

And while it's tiresome to feel so obliged to genuflect before Palladio, maybe
he deserves it. If nothing else, he gave America a neatly simple-minded
vocabulary for making buildings, a tool kit of mostly interchangeable parts that
limited the chances for monstrous abortions of taste. Bad Palladio would always
be more palatable than bad Bernini or Mansart. It bore up well to American
frugality, and we weren't old enough or wise enough to master much else in the
early years of the Republic. Perhaps we should be thankful.

Palladio and His Legacy:

A Transatlantic Journey

is at the National Building Museum,

401 F St. NW, until Jan. 9. Admission

is free. For more information,

visit http://www.nbm.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Riba British Architectural Library/national Building Museum;
Reaching back: In some drawings, such as this 1540s conjectural reconstruction
of the Baths of Diocletian, Palladio speculated on what Roman ruins might have
looked like before time took its toll.
IMAGE; 2005 Photo By Alex Wong/getty Images
IMAGE
IMAGE; Riba British Architectural Library/national Building Museum; A familiar
pattern: Palladio's 1560s design for Villa Repeta in Italy is echoed in the
architecture of the White House.
IMAGE; Riba British Architectural Library/national Building Museum; Classic
lines: Andrea Palladio made this measured drawing of the Arch of Jupiter Ammon,
Verona, around 1540.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 773 words


Ellsworth District Court

Cases Aug. 1-27

Emad R. Elmeky, 39, Allston, Mass., criminal trespass, jail 48 hours.

Carrie A. Emerson, 37, Bar Harbor, assault, dismissed.

Damon A. Eversole, 30, Bucksport, violating condition of release, jail 10 days.

Jose O. Feliciano Jr., 19, Camden, N.J., fishing without valid license, $100.

William D. Flanagan, 39, Lamoine, possessing marijuana, $350.

Craig D. Folsom, 54, Sullivan, cultivating marijuana, $400, jail 10 days.

Brian R. Ford, 33, Machias, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Jeremiah M. Gerstner, 28, Rochester, N.Y., operating vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $1,000, license suspended 90 days.

Deborah L. Gray, 58, Bucksport, disorderly conduct, $150.

Holly Greason, 20, Ellsworth, minor possessing liquor, $200.

James Grindel Jr., 43, Ellsworth, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, dismissed.

Adam Grindle, 28, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500, jail five days.

Robert T. Hanscome, 18, Salisbury Cove, possessing marijuana, $350; minor
possessing liquor, $200.

Gregory L. Harding, 50, Lamoine, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, jail 60 days, all but seven days suspended, probation one year,
license suspended three years.

Benjamin Hardy, 25 Deer Isle, untagged lobster traps, $500.

Eric R. Harriman, 40, Lincoln, littering, $100.

Richard O. Higgins Jr., 40, Bass Harbor, disorderly conduct, $150.

Douglas S. Holmes, 44, Bangor, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended three years.

Denton J. Johnson, 19, Hancock, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Marvin Johnson, 44, Norwalk, Conn., rule violation, operating vehicle after
disqualified, dismissed.

Merrill S. Johnson, 33, Steuben, engaging in activities while license suspended,
$250.

Jonathan E. Jones, 22, Stonington, untagged lobster traps, $500.

Troy Jones, 42, Stonington, disorderly conduct, $300.

Richard A. Jordon, 36, Ellsworth, assault, $300.

Kayla M. Kalel, 20, Orrington, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $600, license suspended 90 days.

Richard W. Kelley, 24, Trenton, failing to register vehicle, $150.

Christopher Kittredge, 33, Hancock, two counts negotiating worthless instrument,
$200, restitution $1,550.

Ryan Knable, 24, Bass Harbor, domestic violence assault, $300, jail 48 hours;
forgery, jail six months, suspended; acquiring drugs by deception, jail six
months, suspended; violating condition of release, jail six months, suspended.

Derek L. Lanpher, 22, Southwest Harbor, operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $500.

Brittany Laprell, 22, Brewer, two counts forgery, jail four days; two counts
theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, jail four days, restitution, $250.

James C. Lavin, 26, Brewer, operating vehicle without safety equipment, $100.

Tyler H. Lawson, 19, Blue Hill, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Joshua B. Leach, 21, Blue Hill, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Jordan Richard Lewis, 18, Hancock, criminal trespass, $100.

David A. Linscott Jr., 27, Searsmont, two counts harvesting shellfish without
license, $200.

Michael MacDonald, 27, Ellsworth, allowing dog to be at large, $50.

Teresita A. Maddatu, 51, Bar Harbor, failing to register vehicle, $100.

Robert L. McCarthy, 23, Ellsworth, operating vehicle without safety equipment,
$100.

David T. McConaghay, 24, Mal, Minn., sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Brendan R. McGarr, 21, Bar Harbor, violating condition of release, jail 48
hours.

Jed L. McGraw, 25, Blue Hill, class I lobster, crab fishing without license,
$277.50.

Sherman L. Merchant III, 24, Steuben, operating ATV in prohibited area, $100.

Matthew C. Milliken, 23, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Lewis N. Moore, 18, Southwest Harbor, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300;
possessing marijuana, $350.

Michael A. Moore, 55, Lincoln, littering, $100.

Ryan D. Morey, 21, Deer Isle, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $500;
criminal mischief, jail five days, restitution, $1,176.80; violating condition
of release, jail five days; driving to endanger, $575, jail 10 days, license
suspended 180 days; failing to stop, provide information, $150.

Norman H. Morse, Jr., 22, Steuben, allowing minor to possess or consume liquor,
$300.

Tyler Murphy, 20, Bar Harbor, two counts violating condition of release, jail
six days; operating vehicle without license, $200.

James Mylen, 18, Winterport, fishing violation of number, amount, weight or
size, $180; violating fishing rule, $100.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 21, 2008 Monday
                                Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 835 words


Ellsworth District Court

Cases Nov. 1-Dec. 31, 2007

Emily Parsons, 221, Bar Harbor, minor possessing liquor, $200.

John E. Pelletier Jr., 35, Bar Harbor, lobstering with improperly vented traps,
$100.

Petko Markov Petkov, 46, Ellsworth, violating condition of release, jail 24
hours.

Damian R. Pickard, 28, Franklin, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500.

Devin Pickard, 18, Lamoine, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Justin Pinkham, 18, Sullivan, two counts minor possessing liquor, $400.

William J. Pinkham, 45, Lamoine, operating vehicle after registration suspended,
$150.

Nicholas Pocello, 20, Marion, Mass., minor possessing liquor, $200.

Joshua M. Pomeroy, 19, Stockton Springs, possessing soft-shell clams less than 2
inches, $100.

Debra L. Porter, 54, Ellsworth, violating condition of release, jail two days.

Amanda Potter, 25, Ellsworth, failing to comply sex offender regulation act,
jail 30 days.

Keith Potter, 20, Steuben, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Scott J. Pusey, 53, Sedgwick, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Eldon M. Rahrig, 55, Blue Hill, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days; possessing marijuana, $350.

Paul J. Raspante, 55, Surry, possessing lobster beyond minimum or maximum, $75.

Hernan G. Rave, 19, Ellsworth, possessing marijuana, $350.

William Rayner, 36, Winter Harbor, shooting from motor vehicle or motorboat,
$200.

Daniel A. Reed, 38, Orland, using artificial light to illuminate wild animals,
$200.

Jordan N. Reed, 20, Franklin, allowing dog to be at large, $50.

Christopher W. Richards, 24, Hancock, accompanying motor vehicle permittee while
impaired, $250.

Marie F. Robbins, 19, Mount Desert, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Christopher M. Roberson, 31, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, not guilty; operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; failing to register vehicle, $150.

Timothy L. Roberts, 22, Milford, N.H., violating condition of release, jail 24
hours.

Lucius H. Robinson, 24, New York, N.Y., operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, $600, license suspended 90 days.

Joshua M. Rock, 26, Franklin, operating vehicle after registration suspended,
$150; allowing dog to be at large, $50; keeping unlicensed dog, $50.

John L. Rolfe, 34, Milbridge, operating-permitting operation of vehicle, no
identification-validation displayed, $100.

Eric A. Romelczyk, 20, Warwick, R.I., minor possessing liquor, $200.

Taqqiya N. Ronco, 20, Newton, Mass., minor transporting liquor, $100, licensed
suspended 30 days.

Norman Ross, 60, no residence listed, passing stopped school bus, $250.

Cole Rushton, 23, Bangor, speeding 30-plus mph more than posted speed, $500.

Jeffrey E. Russell, 26, Siesta Key, Fla., operating vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days; violating condition
of release, jail 48 hours.

Adrian O.B. Ruyle, 28, Castine, criminal mischief, $200, restitution $500.

Darrin A. Ryder, 19, Bucksport, failing to notify of motor vehicle accident,
$150.

Mihku Sabattus, 23, Princeton, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $750, jail 12 days, license suspended 90 days, restitution
$1,412.08.

Christopher M. Saenz, 24, Sorrento, disorderly conduct, $250; operating vehicle
while license suspended or revoked, $250.

Nicholas W. Sage, 22, Greenwich, Conn., operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, $600, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days; violating
condition of release, jail 48 hours.

Lynn J. Salisbury, 58, no residence listed, operating vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Jonathan H. Sallinen, 27, Rockport, fishing without valid license, $100.

Mary S. Santiago, 43, Ellsworth, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, $150.

Derek I. Savage, 25, Trenton, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; operating vehicle after registration suspended, $150.

Kelley C. Schuyler, 20, Castine, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Shawn D. Scott, 33, Southwest Harbor, disorderly conduct, $150.

Adam W. Shaw, 22, Verona, operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked,
$500.

Danielle N. Shaw, 25, Lamoine, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, jail 30
days.

Robert L. Shaw, 46, Mount Desert, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $600, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Donald W. Sheehan, 51, Brooklin, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; failing to make oral or written accident report, $150; attaching
false plates, $150.

Geoffrey M. Siegel, 28, Southwest Harbor, failing to obtain driver's license,
$150.

Sandra Siegel, 46, Dedham, allowing dog to be at large, $50.

Shawn D. Silsby, 36, Amherst, unlawful furnishing scheduled drug, $400, jail
five days.

Thomas Simmons, 35, Sedgwick, disorderly conduct, $150.

Jason L. Slowick, 21, Kennebunk, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Kenneth Smart Jr., 32, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500, jail 48 hours.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 29, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 423 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Charles A. Curtis - 59, Canoga Park, Calif., child custody interference, $50,000
bond.

Charles A. Gunzel - 65, Sandpoint, failure to register as a sex offender,
$50,000 bond.

Gary L. Moon - 62, Sagle, issuing a check on a closed account, $300 bond.

Alejandro  T. Perez - 46, Ponderay, insufficient funds check fraud, failure to
purchase a driver' license, $5,347 bond.

Clifford D. Phelps - 22, Sandpoint, failure to appear/malicious injury to
property, $50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Donald L. Ambroz - 29, Priest River, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, possession of a controlled substance, driving without privileges,
$5,000 bond.

Luanna K. Aviles - 50, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,224.

Michael S. Barbian - 33, Phoenix, Ariz., failure to appear/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $6,000 bond.

Robert L. Bennett Jr. - 61, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/driving under
the influence, $49 bond. Jimmy J. Blackburn - 23, Spokane, failure to
comply/resisting/ obstructing officers, $750 bond.

James L. Brock - 30, Hope, driving under the influence, possession of a
controlled substance, drug paraphernalia, $5,000 bond.

Curtis W. Bunch - 33, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery, $1,000 bond.

Justin S. Cottrell - 20, Cusick, Wash., possession of marijuana, $1,000 bond.

Melissa K. Green - 24, Priest River, failure to comply/possession of a
controlled substance, $589 bond.

Michael W. Headrick - 38, Sandpoint, failure to comply/illegal
possession/transport/shipment of wildlife, $900 bond.

Michael D. Hilgers - 50, address unavailable, failure to appear/ disturbing the
peace, dog violation on city beach, $2,500 bond.

Steven L. Mills - 24, Ponderay, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
failure to provide proof of insurance, $2,000 bond.

Jeffery A. Monk - 21, Priest River, driving without privileges, $4,000 bond.

Robert L. Rohrer - 36, Portland, Ore., failure to comply/violation of work
release, $25,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Florida: Dr. Dennis Cirone earns ''Sphere of Influence'' Award.

LENGTH: 115  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tallahassee: Chamber of Commerce Of Palm Beach,The State of Florida has issued
the following news release:



     Life University, Atlanta, GA (The world's largest Chiropractic university)
recently awarded Dr. Dennis Cirone with the prestigious "Sphere of Influence"
Award.

 During his 45-year career as a Chiropractor, Dr. Dennis Cirone has influenced
more than 100 friends, family and patients to become successful Doctors of
Chiropractic.

 Continuing his influence at Cirone Chiropractic in Lake Worth, Dr. Cirone is
proud to be a part of healing in the Palm Beach community.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 24, 2016 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

We have a chance to stop political influence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 271 words


LETTERS

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have both been more than happy to point out the
failings of their opponent, especially when it pertains to access, influence and
"bad business deals."

But Americans want answers, not simply accusations. Going into November, voters
deserve to know that the professional influence industry doesn't receive special
treatment due to its campaign donations, particularly the $11 million it has
raised for Hillary Clinton between July and September. And the unknown amount
from Donald Trump who is not disclosing his lobbyist bundlers.

If the Clinton Foundation is "intertwined with the U.S. and global power
structure," as USA TODAY points out in the article "Companies used Clinton
fundraisers to lobby State Department," then she needs to demonstrate her
commitment to changing "business as usual" early in her administration. Clinton
should sign an executive order restricting lobbyists from bundling contributions
to political campaigns and work to reduce the transactional giving that creates
conflicts of interest.

Both political parties -- and President Obama -- have talked about curtailing
influence in government. But they've produced next to nothing in terms of
addressing issues of influence and access.

It's time for real leadership on this issue in Washington, and a new
administration is the best place to start.

Gabriela Schneider

Issue One

Washington, D.C.

FACEBOOK

Next thing you know we will find out that those big political party donors will
get their choice of ambassadorships, Cabinet positions and invitations to White
House parties. Is there no end to the horror?

David Hoeltje

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              April 4, 2016 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FORMER SOCCER STAR ARRESTED

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. D-8

LENGTH: 390 words


Retired World Cup women's soccer champion Abby Wambach was arrested for
investigation of driving under the influence in Portland, Ore.

Portland police said in a statement Sunday that a sergeant stopped Wambach, 35,
Saturday night after she reportedly ran a red light in her Range Rover near
downtown.

Police said Wambach failed field sobriety tests and was arrested. He said she
also failed a breath test at the police precinct. Wambach, who lives in
Portland, was booked into Multnomah County Jail early Sunday on a charge of
Driving Under the Influence of Intoxicants (DUII) -- Alcohol. Jail booking
records show she was released Sunday on her own recognizance. TENNIS

Novak Djokovic won a record-tying sixth Key Biscayne title and his third in a
row, beating Kei Nishikori, 6-3, 6-3 in the Miami Open final. Top-ranked
Djokovic improved to 28-1 this year. FOOTBALL

The Cleveland Browns released veteran safety Donte Whitner, 30. He is the latest
starter to be discarded by Cleveland's new front office, which recently released
linebacker Karlos Dansby, the team's leading tackler in 2015. The Browns also
chose not to re-sign starters Alex Mack, Mitchell Schwartz, Tashaun Gipson or
Travis Benjamin in free agency.

* Former Ohio State quarterback and Heisman winner Troy Smith was arrested
Sunday on charges of driving under the influence and marijuana possession. He
was released to his girlfriend pending a hearing in Westerville, Ohio, mayor's
court Wednesday. COLLEGE

Former Duke athletic director Tom Butters died Thursday night of an undisclosed
cause. He was 77. Butters was best known for hiring Mike Krzyzewski to coach the
Blue Devils men's basketball team in 1980. Butters also pitched for the Pirates
from 1962-65. Obituary Page, B-4. RUNNING

Cyprian Kotut won the Paris marathon as Kenyan runners pulled off a podium sweep
in perfect weather conditions. Kotut, 24, who also won the recent Paris
half-marathon, completed the 26-mile race in 2 hours, 7 minutes and 11 seconds.
Kotut won ahead of Laban Korir and Stephen Chemlany. BOXING

The Western Pennsylvania Police Athletic League will be the host of Golden Glove
Bouts Saturday at 3 Lakes Golf Course, Saltsburg Road, Penn Hills. There are
12-14 scheduled bouts with the doors opening at 630 p.m. and the first bell set
for 7. For tickets or information please call, 412-298-7373.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 755 words


Idaho records

News of record

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Fred Gibler

Jacob C. Gingrich, 25, Everett; Count I: petty theft; $153 fine, 60 days in jail
(11 days credited). Count II: unlawful entry; 60 days in jail (11 days
credited). Jail time concurrent.

Judge Scott Wayman

Cory D. Parker, 38, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program,
90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Genesis C. Garcia, 19, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $800 fine, $100
reimbursement for defense, five days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90
days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Cody W. Messerly, 29, Coeur d'Alene; reckless driving; $800 fine, five days in
jail or 16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Joseph E. Christensen, 36, Hayden; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $300 fine, 10 days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Charles J. Ouldhouse, 46, Post Falls; aggravated battery; $200 fine, 12 days in
jail (12 days credited).

Amanda M. Fries, 31, Oregon City, Ore.; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), $100 reimbursement for defense, 180 days in jail (178 days
suspended, two days credited), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Timothy R. Stockton, 55, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine,
five days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

William J. Muzzall, 27, Davenport, Wash.; driving under the influence; $800
fine, five days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, one year probation.

Judge James Stow

Jessica E. Phillips, 22, Hayden; non-excessive driving under the influence; $800
fine, six days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

Samuel W. Gore, 44, Spokane; Count I: possession of a controlled substance; 10
days in jail (10 days credited). Count II: consuming/open container in public
place/city limits; 10 days in jail (10 days credited). Jail time concurrent.

Jordan T. Cote, 20, Post Falls; petty theft; 365 days in jail.

Christopher K. Katzdorn, 51, Plummer; Count I: driving under the influence;
$1,000 fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 suspended, four days
credited), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation. Count II:
driving without privileges; $300 fine, two days in jail (two days credited).
Jail time concurrent.

Judge Barry Watson

Suzanne E. Henderson, 32, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; $300 fine, six days in
jail or 24 hours county work program.

Sonia Brown, 42, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $168 fine, six days
in jail.

Don R. Saunders, 36, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: driving without privileges; $200
fine, 10 days in jail or 40 hours county work program. Count II: failure to
provide proof of vehicle insurance, $200 fine.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Jerry Gjendem, 58, Hayden; driving under the influence; $800 fine, four days in
jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, one
year probation.

Civil complaints

American Express Centurion Bank v. Jeff Piephoff, aka Jeffrey Piehoff, seeking
$4,128.

ID Consulting Solutions LLC v. Fatbeam LLC, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Tabitha M. and Bill McGovern, seeking $2,396.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jason A. Phay, seeking $1,136.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Michael B. Glidden, seeking $4,649.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Aaron M. Boyles, seeking $7,650.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Allenda Campbell, seeking $1,264.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Austin M. Jones, seeking $1,061.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gary M. and Eve E. Bell, seeking $1,539.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Anthony H. and Spencer Simental, seeking
$1,453.

Civil judgments

State of Idaho v. Joshua D. Brown, plaintiff awarded $4,302.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lisa P. Flores Paris, plaintiff awarded
$11,809.

Velocity Investments LLC v. Paul D. Griffith, plaintiff awarded $17,266.

Civil dismissals

Cynthia Marsh v. Lisa Wise.

Kristie A. Russell v. Alexander Bain and Does I-V.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Amy K. Galloway.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Matthew Holman and
Leondra M. Holman.

Divorces granted

Heather Gaurin from Steven G. Gaurin.

Derik Scott from Christine Scott.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 19, 2009 Sunday

Editorial: Legislature should pass DUI interlock bill

BYLINE: MediaNews editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 660 words


THE TRAGIC death of Los Angeles Angels pitcher Kick Adenhart, apparently at the
hands of a drunken driver, is a grim reminder that California still has a long
way to go in its efforts to stop people from driving its roads under the
influence of alcohol and drugs.

The tragedy also has showcased a battle that is being conducted in Sacramento's
political arena over whether the state should require those convicted of drunken
driving to install Breathalyzer-type devices on their cars as part of their
sentence.

These devices automatically lock the ignition to the vehicle if the
blood-alcohol content is higher than 0.08, the state's legal threshold for
driving under the influence.

But rather than simply passing legislation to mandate such a program statewide,
the Legislature is considering a reasonable bill that would create a pilot
program in five of California's largest counties.

Yes, we used the term reasonable and Legislature in the same sentence. It
happens occasionally.

Assembly Bill 91 would require people convicted of driving under the influence
in Alameda, Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, and Sacramento counties between July
2010 and January 2015 to install an Ignition Interlock Device (IID) in their
car. Those counties were selected for the pilot program because they have some
of the highest DUI rates in the state, which, again, seems logical.

We like the idea of conducting a pilot study so as to create data on which to
base any decisions about the whole state. We are encouraged that similar
programs have dramatically reduced DUI recidivism in other states. In New Mexico
studies show that IDDs contributed to a 60 percent reduction in the number of
repeat DUI offenders.

Still, we would like to have data from California and this bill will give us
that.

Unfortunately, the bill is a long way from law. It passed an Assembly committee
last week and now must wind its way through the legislative labyrinth. Similar
legislation failed to make it out of the Legislature last year.

The high-profile death of Adenhart has put a public face on the carnage caused
by drunken drivers. With all due respect to Adenhart's family, his death is no
more tragic than those of his friends, Courtney Frances Stewart, 20, and Nigel
Pearson, 25, who were killed in the same crash. Nor are their deaths any more
tragic than those of the thousands of innocents who are killed on California's
highways each year by drunken drivers.

It so happens that Adenhart was a 22-year-old pitcher who appeared to have been
on his way in the major leagues, which gave his death more notoriety than other
such deaths that occur every day.

But that is the point, drunken drivers prematurely end the lives of pitchers and
aspiring lawyers and soldiers who have made it home from Iraq and brothers and
sisters and children and mothers and fathers. It is a horrible blight on
society.

Lobbyists from the powerful American Beverage Institute have opposed the bill,
in essence claiming that it is too harsh on first-time offenders, that it takes
sentencing discretion out of the hands of judges and that the poor could not
afford the $1,000 device.

It is heartwarming, indeed, to know that the folks who represent alcohol
purveyors care so intensely about the poor and downtrodden as well as the
judicial process. Who knew?

We are glad they explained that because, left to our own devices, we might have
jumped to the silly notion that it had something to do with the installation of
such devices possibly causing a drop in the sale of their products.

But the bill's author, Assemblyman Mike Feuer, D-Los Angeles, has amended the
bill to create a sliding scale for lower-income offenders. That should help the
beverage institute to rest easier.

While we are great believers in individual responsibility, we also believe that
the state has the obligation to do everything it can to help prevent such
terrible tragedies. Assembly Bill 91 seems to us like a reasonable first step in
doing that.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a6

LENGTH: 483 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Mathew C. Carabajal-Jacoby, 18, of 4931 King Arthur Way Apt. N for misdemeanor
marijuana possession, interfering or obstructing and being a minor possessing,
purchasing or consuming alcohol at 2:59 a.m. Jan. 15 at the Laramie County jail,
1910 Pioneer Ave.

Travis D. McGurn, 28, of Laramie for driving under the influence and speeding at
2:36 a.m. Jan. 15 at Dell Range Boulevard and Powderhouse Road.

Jonathan R. Whiting, 27, of 1307 Arp Ave. for driving under the influence at
12:14 a.m. Jan. 15 in the 1600 block of House Avenue.

Blair A. Smith, 40, of 4015 Dildine Road for domestic violence and assault and
battery at 10:49 p.m. Jan. 14 at his residence.

James W. Coulter, 70, of 306 E. 18th St. #2 for driving under the influence and
speeding at 9:20 p.m. Jan. 14 in the 2700 block of East Lincolnway.

Timothy E. Stotesbery, 20, of 610 W. 10th St. on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay at 8:41 p.m. Jan. 14 at Snyder Avenue and Richardson Court.

Kshante M. Brown, 21, of 813 Phoenix Drive for driving with a suspended license,
careless driving and driving without insurance at 6:45 p.m. Jan. 14 at 2102 E.
Lincolnway.

Paul J. Griego, 42, transient, on a felony out-of-state hold at 1:40 p.m. Jan.
14 at 3021 Kelly Drive.

Michael R. Kimball, 42, of Arvada, Colo. on a felony out-of-state hold at 9:02
a.m. Jan. 14 at F.E. Warren Air Force Base.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

James R. Jordan, 55, of Oconto, Wis. on a felony warrant for probation violation
at 1:30 p.m. Jan. 15 the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Michael R. Manzanares, 26, of 1004 W. Leisure Road on a misdemeanor warrant for
probation violation at 1:20 p.m. Jan. 15 the Laramie County jail.

Bernadette M. Herrera, 33, of 3040 Frontier St. on a misdemeanor warrant for
probation violation at 11:20 a.m. Jan. 15 at 309 W. 20th St.

Jason M. Meece, 33, of Oakland, Calif. on a felony warrant for robbery with
injury at 1:23 a.m. Jan. 15 at the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Rama J. Graupmann, 37, of 720 E. 22nd St. for driving under the influence and
speeding at 9:49 p.m. Jan. 14 at Interstate 180 and Ninth Street.

Evodio Penaloza Jr., 24, of Dallas, Texas for driving with a suspended license
and driving without insurance at 3:45 p.m. Jan. 14 on Interstate 80 at mile
marker 353.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation was:

Jacob C. Montgomery, 24, of Laramie on a misdemeanor out-of-county warrant at 5
p.m. Jan. 15 at 2310 E. Eighth St.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             January 6, 2006 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Taking credit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 635 words


The Republican leaders of Missouri's House and Senate say the pro-business bills
they passed last year are producing thousands of new jobs by cutting the cost of
workers' compensation and law suits.

That's terrific news -- if it's true. So let's take a look at the numbers.

The GOP took control of the Capitol when Gov. Matt Blunt was sworn in last
January. For the first time in 84 years, Republicans controlled the governor's
mansion and both houses of the Legislature.

Between January and November -- the latest figures available -- the number of
jobs in Missouri grew by 0.9 percent. Across the nation, jobs grew by 1.7
percent. Missouri's unemployment rate fell from 6 percent to 5.6 percent.
Nationally, the jobless rate declined from 5.2 to 5.0 percent, according to the
U.S. Department of Labor.

In other words, things are getting marginally better in Missouri, but at a rate
comparable to the rest of the country. The pro-business revolution in Jefferson
City is having no obvious impact on job creation, at least not yet.

This is not surprising. Politicians of all stripes love to take credit for an
improving economy. But in truth there is very little a governor or legislature
can do to influence economic growth in the short-term. Even a president's
influence is limited.

The economy's short-term course is set by millions of individual decisions made
here and abroad, by the flow of investments, by the pace of innovation, by the
balance of supply and demand. Government policies influence the economy, but no
one really runs it. It runs itself.

The state government's influence on prosperity plays out over the long term.
Money invested in children's education today pays off years later in a skilled
work force that attracts new industry. Good highways and infrastructure are
built over years, with the return on investment reaped over decades. Good
policing, a good court system and intelligent regulation set the rules of the
game and minimize the cheating.

In that regard, the first full year of GOP rule was a mixed bag. Our leaders did
reasonably well by the public elementary and secondary schools, but starved
state universities. Workers' compensation reforms will save a few bucks for the
average business by denying claims from a few workers. But higher lawyers' fees
may offset any gains. The new limits on jury awards should smooth the feathers
of doctors and business executives worried about jackpot judgments, at the
expense of the few severely suffering plaintiffs who truly deserve large awards.

In all, business should be able to save a small amount of money through the
latter two reforms. But that is likely to be counterbalanced -- in the short-
and long-term -- by the Republican leadership's economically irrational approach
to Medicaid.

Gov. Blunt and the Legislature last year tossed 90,000 people off the health
care program for the poor. Since the federal government pays most of the
Medicaid bill, the decision means roughly $380 million fewer federal dollars
spent on health care in Missouri annually. That costs jobs.

By denying routine care to the working poor, the state will let them get sicker.
Eventually, many will end up as charity cases at (expensive) emergency rooms,
clinics and hospitals. Hospitals will pass their costs on to people who do have
insurance. Up go health insurance rates for employers, who will ask their
workers to chip in more, leaving them with less disposable income. Setting aside
issues of human compassion for a moment, the most stone-hearted, cold-eyed
bean-counter could argue that Missouri's workers and employers would be better
off if the state raised everyone's taxes to pay its share of Medicaid.

So is the economy really "fixed"? An economist would say it's too soon to tell.
A politician would say it's never too soon to claim victory.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  OUR VIEW | MISSOURI ECONOMY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      August 19, 2002 Monday Home Edition

CLEANING UP THE SEC: THE MONEY MEN: The price of influence;
Athletics departments get a lot of money from boosters. Some say they also get a
lot of input on how things are run.

BYLINE: CARROLL ROGERS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 669 words


One by one, they cut the nets in celebration of Auburn's 2000 SEC regular-season
basketball championship. Coach Cliff Ellis. Members of Auburn's team. Jimmy
Rane.

Jimmy Rane?

That's the Great American Wood guy, who appears on commercials for
pressure-treated lumber with football and basketball coaches from the Southeast.
Rane is an Auburn booster and trustee who created a stir last football season
when he was seen on the sidelines during Auburn's loss to Arkansas talking to
coach Tommy Tuberville.

Rane is like other big-time Southern boosters who give large sums of money to
athletics departments. Their names are emblazoned across college campus
buildings, stadiums and weight rooms.

They watch football games from luxury suites. They play golf with coaches.
Athletics directors and college presidents use the boosters' private planes to
interview prospective coaches. The boosters give summer jobs to athletes. They
sit on boards of trustees.

Most play by the rules. Some are overzealous, causing arguably the biggest
problems and fears for the SEC athletics departments.

They all have the power to influence decisions, none more so than Auburn trustee
Bobby Lowder. Lowder, an Auburn graduate and chairman and CEO of Colonial
BancGroup, is one of the most powerful men in Alabama. He widely is viewed as
the most influential, if not overbearing, trustee in SEC athletics.

Lowder seldom grants interviews, because he prefers to let his money and power
talk. Earlier this summer, he pulled Colonial Bank advertising from three major
Alabama newspapers after critical stories were written about his influence over
other members of the Auburn board.

He has donated millions of dollars to Auburn --- believed to be as much as $10
million --- earmarked for academics. Yet his hand reaches far into athletics.
Lowder is believed to have orchestrated the firing of Auburn football coach
Terry Bowden and the hiring of Tuberville.

It has not been proved that Lowder directed Bowden's ouster. But the idea of it
begs the question: Is there a Lowder at every SEC school?

"I don't want to make any comparisons between individuals at one school to
individuals at another," Georgia athletics director Vince Dooley said.
"Certainly we have trustees and an athletic board that is meant to advise and
recommend, whatever it may be. All of them are important. I don't think there's
any one individual so powerful you can't do your job. I wouldn't stand for
that."

But Dooley also makes no pretense about booster influence in his personnel
moves. He acknowledged it when asked what role boosters played in the Bulldogs'
decisions to fire football coaches Ray Goff and Jim Donnan.

"I don't think it was a significant role," Dooley said. "Certainly it was a
factor. But at the same time, while you consider that, you have to make what you
feel like is the best decision overall. When you get a lot of advice, you need
to separate the emotional, passionate advice from the sound and reasonable
advice."

Goff, who was fired at Georgia after the 1995 season, said he's not sure who was
advising Dooley.

"I don't know who those people are," Goff said. "I've got some friends who are
big-time supporters. But I don't know if they gave a million dollars or $100. I
never gave it a thought. Not one time did they ever call me and say a word to
me. I can honestly say no alumni of Georgia, whether they made a big
contribution or not, ever said, 'You've got to sign this player or we'll get rid
of you.' "

Don Leebern, CEO of Georgia Crown Distributing, one of the Southeast's largest
beverage distributors, sits on Georgia's university system board of regents. He
gave a significant sum for the construction of the Butts-Mehre building and has
been a regular contributor since.

He declined to say how much.

"I run a private company," Leebern said. "I like it like that."

And how much influence does Leebern have on Georgia's athletics decisions?

"I hope none," Leebern said.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: CLEANING UP THE SEC

GRAPHIC: Photo: Auburn trustee Bobby Lowder (left), with Alabama Gov. Don
Siegelman, is believed to have given as much as $12 million to Auburn. He also
is believed to have orchestrated the firing of coach Terry Bowden. / ASSOCIATED
PRESS; Graphic: THE SEC'S BIG MONEY MEN: Meet some of the biggest contributors
in SEC athletics
ALABAMA

* Logan Young, 61, Memphis: Inherited Osceola Foods, which developed
Oleomargarin. Young is not an alumnus, but his father was friends with coach
Bear Bryant. Young reportedly has given millions to Alabama. The university cut
its ties to him after the NCAA found that he gave money to Albert Means' coach
to get Means to sign with Alabama.

* Paul W. Bryant Jr., 58, Tuscaloosa: A 1966 Alabama graduate and Bear Bryant's
son, he's an Alabama trustee and chairman of a campaign that will help fund $100
million in athletic facilities improvements. He has given the school more than
$20 million. He runs businesses from reinsurance and finance to pari-mutuel
racing, casino gambling and construction.
AUBURN

* Bobby Lowder, 60, Montgomery: A 1964 Auburn graduate and CEO of Colonial
BancGroup, he is an Auburn trustee and is believed to have given as much as $12
million to Auburn. The business school building is named for his father.

* Jimmy Rane, 55, Abbeville, Ala.: An Auburn graduate and trustee, he is
president and CEO of Great Southern Wood and has hired major Southern football
and basketball coaches to endorse his company.
ARKANSAS

* Rob and Jim Walton, Bentonville, Ark.: Arkansas alumni and sons of Sam Walton,
the late founder and CEO of Wal-Mart. Rob Walton is Wal-Mart's chairman. The
Walton Family Foundation donated $300 million to Arkansas last spring.

* Ted Harrod Sr., Dallas: The owner of J & H trucking company and old friend of
Arkansas athletics director Frank Broyles recently was investigated by the NCAA
and eventually disassociated from the university for overpaying players in
summer jobs. Arkansas forfeited $225,000 of his $300,000 pledge toward the
renovation of the Broyles Center.
FLORIDA

* Ben Hill Griffin III, 60, Frostproof, Fla.: Florida named its football stadium
after his father. His family has donated an estimated
$20 million to Florida.

* Gale Lemerand, 68, Ormond Beach, Fla.: He is the retired founder of an
insulation subcontracting company. Florida's football offices and basketball
practice facility are named after him.
GEORGIA

* Don Leebern, 63, Columbus: The former Georgia tackle is CEO of Georgia,
Alabama and Tennessee Crown Distributing Cos. He sits on the board of regents
that governs Georgia's public universities. He gave $500,000 to help build the
Butts-Mehre building. UGA named its football locker room for him.

* Jim Nalley, 59, Atlanta: The 1964 Georgia graduate is president of an
Atlanta-based group of 21 auto franchises. He is a former chairman of the board
of trustees. He reportedly was involved in a secret negotiation between Georgia
president Michael Adams and former coach Jim Donnan for an additional $255,250
of severance in his original contract.
KENTUCKY

* Paul Orberson, 45, Danville, Ky.: The former high school baseball coach gave
$1.6 million for the construction of new football coaches' offices. He founded
Excel Communications and is the CEO of Fortune Hi-Tech Marketing, a long
distance network marketing company.

* Talbott Todd, 58, Lexington: A former Kentucky football player, he makes his
money in insurance sales. He is believed to have weighed in regularly with
former athletics director Larry Ivy.
LOUISIANA STATE

* Richard Gill, 58, Baton Rouge: The 1966 LSU graduate is COO of the Shaw Group.
He started an industrial construction business in the early 1980s and sold it to
the Shaw Group in 1997.
MISSISSIPPI

* Dr. Jerry Hollingsworth, Ft. Walton Beach, Fla.: A native of Smith County,
Miss., and 1951 Ole Miss graduate, he gave $3 million for the expansion of
Vaught-Hemingway Stadium and $2 million for the Hollingsworth-(Archie) Manning
memorabilia room.

* James, 59, and Sally, 58, Barksdale of Aspen, Colo.: He is the CEO of
Netscape. They have given $100 million to the school, including $5.4 million to
establish the McDonnell-Barksdale honors college.
MISSISSIPPI STATE

* George Bryan, Memphis: A 1968 MSU graduate, he is retired as CEO of Sara Lee
Foods. His family founded Bryan Foods in West Point, Miss. He is the chairman of
Old Waverly Golf Club, site of the 1999 U.S. Women's Open. The family donated $5
million of the $10 million for MSU's Bryan athletics administration building.

* Hassell Franklin, Chickasaw County: A 1959 MSU graduate, he is founder,
president and CEO of Franklin Corp., one of the nation's largest independently
owned furniture manufacturers. He donated $1 million to the school for
construction of an academic building.
SOUTH CAROLINA

* Michael Mungo, Columbia: The longtime USC trustee and residential real estate
developer founded the Mungo Company.

* Hootie Johnson, Augusta: The chairman of Augusta National played second-string
fullback at South Carolina in the late 1950s. He made his money with Bankers
Trust, which merged with NCNB to form NationsBank, a precursor to Bank of
America.
TENNESSEE

* John "Thunder" Thornton, Chattanooga: At age 10 after an Alabama-Tennessee
football game, Thornton told his father he would donate $1 million to UT
someday. He kept his word, and the Thornton Athletics Student Life Center opened
last year. He is a friend of coach Phillip Fulmer and founded doormat
manufacturer American Rug Craftsmen.

* Jim Haslam, Knoxville: An offensive lineman for Gen. Robert Neyland on
Tennessee's 1951 national championship team, he founded Pilot Oil Corp., which
has 76 travel centers in 33 states and 50 convenience stores in Tennessee and
Virginia. He made a $1.5 million donation in 1995 to endow 12 academic,
financial need-based scholarships.
VANDERBILT

* John Ingram, Nashville: A Vanderbilt trustee and the son of former chairman of
the board Bronson Ingram. Ingram Industries does everything from book publishing
to bridge building. The family donated $300 million to Vanderbilt. John Ingram
made a recent pledge of
$15 million, including $5 million to renovate Memorial Gym.

* John Rich, Nashville: A 1940s Vanderbilt football and basketball player, he
sits on the athletics committee of Vanderbilt's board of trustees. He heads
Delta Coals and sits on the Music City Bowl board.
--- Carroll Rogers and Joni Zeccola; Photo: Auburn booster Jimmy Rane has hired
football and basketball coaches to endorse his company.; Photo: Rob Walton and
his family donated $300 million to Arkansas in the spring.; Graphic: THE
NUMBERS: BIG BUSINESS IN THE SEC
SEC BUDGETS
Six SEC schools have projected budgets of more than $40 million for the 2002-03
fiscal year. The budgets (in millions):
Alabama.........$39.7
Auburn..........$40.7
Arkansas....... $34.6
Florida.........$48.9
Georgia.........$40.7
Kentucky........$41
LSU.............$41.25
Mississippi.....$25
Miss. State.....$20.7
South Carolina..$37.2
Tennessee.......$61
Vanderbilt......$31.4
Sources: Athletic departments, except Arkansas, which is an estimate based on
newspaper accounts.
Budgets for fiscal year 2002-03 (projected): Alabama, Auburn, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, LSU, Mississippi, Mississippi State, South Carolina; 2001-02:
Tennessee.
UGA'S FOOTBALL BUDGET
Selected major expenses included in Georgia's proposed football budget for the
2002-03 fiscal year.
Coaches payroll....$1.5 million
Game expenses......$1.2 million
Coaches travel........ $485,000
Team travel............$450,000
Staff benefits........ $425,000
Supplies...............$225,000
Film and video........ $100,000
Officials..............$100,000
Sports camps........... $50,000
Total budgeted expenses: $5.5 million
UGA'S NON-FOOTBALL BUDGET
Selected major expenses from Georgia's proposed budget that are accounted for in
categories other than football, because they can be attributed to all sports.
General sports.......$6.6 million
(including scholarships, football parking, athletic dorm meals)
Administrative.......$2.9 million
Sports medicine......$1.4 million
Ticket office........$1.3 million
Development..............$995,000
Promotions...............$971,000
Sports information.......$845,000
Academic counseling......$769,000
Band.....................$483,000
Cheerleaders.............$170,000
Compliance................$86,000
ME: Story in the second part of the four-part series "Cleaning Up the SEC."
Today's stories deal with the pressures to win and make money.

TYPE: Series

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 8, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

TV SPORTS;
The Cotton Bowl Puts NBC And Irish in Awkward Spot

BYLINE: Richard Sandomir

SECTION: Section B; Page 20; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 790 words


Presume, for a moment, that NBC exerts a smidgen of influence over the teams
chosen for its bowl games. NBC pays dearly to be a player on New Year's Day:
$2.7 million for the Cotton Bowl and $6 million for the Orange Bowl.

If one presumes NBC's influence, then how should we view the Cotton Bowl's
selecting No. 5 Notre Dame to play No. 4 Texas A&M at 1 P.M., even though the
Fighting Irish's national appeal would be put to maximum use on the 8 P.M.
Orange Bowl?

The prime-time Orange Bowl will pit Nebraska and Florida State, not Nebraska and
Notre Dame, who would have met if the Cotton Bowl had opted for the Seminoles.

ABC is ga-ga because its Sugar Bowl, an 8:30 P.M. game between No. 1 Miami vs.
No. 2 Alabama, will have weaker competition. CBS is elated because viewers of
its Friday night schedule with "Golden Palace" will not be pulled away by the
alluring Irish.

So, if NBC had any influence, what must it have been thinking?

Did NBC: (a) want to make the Cotton Bowl love it even more than the love $2.7
million can buy, and pushed for Notre Dame, (b) decide it would lose in prime
time because the Miami-Alabama game to pick a definitive national champion would
wipe out any opponent, so why sacrifice Notre Dame, (c) feel that Notre Dame
would provide a stronger lead-in to the 4:30 P.M. Syracuse-Colorado Fiesta Bowl,
or (d) use Estelle Getty as a selection consultant?

Or does one simply accept the version that the Cotton Bowlers went out to make
their bowl colleagues angry by grabbing at Notre Dame's outsized gusto (and
avoid a replay of last year's Texas A&M-Florida State monsoon bowl)?

Because, after all, if NBC ruled its bowls, it would have ordained Notre Dame at
8 P.M., n'est-ce pas?

"The assumption of our influence is fallacious," said Ken Schanzer, executive
vice president of NBC Sports. "We may be asked for our counsel, but we don't
have preferred influence."

He added: "The bowls respect our view and understanding of TV and will ask us
what the best matchup is."

To have had Notre Dame at 1 P.M., 4 P.M. or 8 P.M., said Schanzer, did not
matter. "You could argue it would do well in any slot," he said.

The bowl coalition set out to create a game between the two top-ranked teams,
although many in the group would have liked a 3-4 matchup, too. So if the Cotton
Bowl had decided to match No. 3 Florida State with No. 4 Texas A&M, it would
have met the spirit, if not the letter, of the coalition's intent.

"The coalition doesn't provide for 3-4," said Schanzer. But, he said, the last
thing he told the Cotton Bowl pickers was this: "Analyze all the relevant
factors, but it's important the coalition flourish and consider the spirit of
the coalition."

Costas, Not So Live

The worst kept secret at NBC was that Bob Costas would not return to host "The
N.F.L. Live" next season. But there had been no formal word until Costas told a
Litchfield, Conn., boosters club meeting Friday night.

Costas was there at the request of his boss, Dick Ebersol, president of NBC
Sports. Costas answered questions from the group, Ebersol said to him, "Oh, tell
them about the 'N.F.L. Live.' "

The current season will make nine years on the program for Costas, who prefers
to go in different directions after his NBC contract runs out at the end of
1993.

He will do baseball for NBC if the network gets the sport, and in any case will
pare the commitment of time that a weekend show like "N.F.L. Live" imposes on
him. Costas lives in St. Louis most of the time, with his wife and their two
children.

"I want to bull's-eye my work on baseball, some sports documentaries, some
interview shows and be available if NBC News wants me to do something with Tom
Brokaw," Costas said, referring to the news anchor. "But I still want to be a
sports announcer and be involved in the big events like Wimbledon or another
Olympics."

Costas's departure from the football pre-game show opens the way for Jim Lampley
to take over the chores.

AIRWAVES

During Saturday's Alabama-Florida Southeastern Conference title game, you did
not hear more than a peep from ABC's KEITH JACKSON and BOB GRIESE about whether
Alabama truly deserved its No. 2 ranking over Florida State, which walloped
Florida earlier, while Alabama squeaked by, 28-21. . . . PAT SUMMERALL has
signed a new contract to continue as CBS's No. 1 pro football and golf
announcer. . . . HBO's "In This Corner" (tonight at 10 P.M.) is an engrossing
look at six heavyweight champions: John L. Sullivan, Jack Johnson, Jack Dempsey,
Joe Louis, Rocky Marciano and MUHAMMAD ALI. Mixing photos and vintage film
footage with off-camera voices, the hourlong documentary peaks with its
emotional profile of the parsimonious Rocky Marciano.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business
                                 Print Version

                                October 26, 2015

NORTHEAST OHIO'S MOST CONNECTED;
These people can pull some strings for you

BYLINE: Jeremy Nobile

SECTION: Pg. 31 Vol. 36

LENGTH: 641  words


Money is the fabric that binds together the business cosmos, and these are the
Clevelanders weaving the threads.

If nothing else, they can pull some strings.

In Northeast Ohio, the executive with the most pull - or the one with the most
threads at her disposal - is KeyCorp chairman and CEO Beth Mooney.

Now regarded as the most powerful woman in the U.S. banking sector, Mooney is
the superstar Cleveland A-listers want to know, if they don't already.

She leads a pool of other businesspeople with strong ties to banking and
investment groups and massive companies that comprise the bulk of the 10 most
connected Clevelanders with the strongest web of influence.

These people are identified by job titles and degrees of connectivity with other
high-ranking and prominent executives.

They're ranked through a special algorithm from Relationship Science, or RelSci,
that considers the power in each individual's network, the importance of the
people within that and what those people can do with their connections.

The influence value is also closely tied to the access metric: the access these
individuals have to other organizations and people in their professional and
civic lives.

Intuitively, Clevelanders with the most influence also ranked high in overall
connectivity.

While Mooney, the top of the influence chain, is ranked the sixth-most
connected, her runner-up in this category is Cleveland's most connected, James
Malz, managing director for Ohio/Western Pennsylvania for JPMorgan Chase & Co.

He is followed by the No. 2 most connected, Scott Wolstein, CEO for
Chicago-based commercial real estate agency Starwood Retail Partners LLC.
Wolstein established his network here through his family's Beachwood real estate
investment trust DDR Corp.

Those who control the cash command the most influence.

The theme of connectivity to money flow persists through the list, as the
ability and capacity to control capital proves that not only does money talk,
but those with money talk to each other.

The trend manifests through other banks (which claim the most spots on the list
with three) like JPMorgan, which is again represented in the No. 8 spot via
James Geuther, a longtime local banker and president of commercial banking for
the mega-company's Cleveland and Akron region, or other investment groups like
Cleveland's Forest City Enterprises Inc. and New York-based private equity firm
CapGen Capital Advisors.

Strong pull also comes with the territory for multibillion-dollar enterprises
like J.M Smucker Co. and Eaton Corp., which are among half of the top 10
populated by company founders or C-suite executives.

JPMorgan is the only company to place in the top 10 more than once. However,
secondary links to Key itself are consistent.

CapGen Capital Advisors' Robert Gillespie is a former KeyCorp CEO from the
1990s, for example, illustrating another tie back to the bank.

Meanwhile, Case Western Reserve University president Barbara Snyder currently
sits on the Key board of directors as does Eaton Corp.'s Alexander Cutler.

It's apparent that ties to Mooney and Key carry additional clout. But for Mooney
herself, the head of a $93 billion asset bank controlling more than 22% of
depositor market share in the Cleveland MSA (their nearest competitor, PNC Bank,
claims slightly more than 12%), the numbers, and the story behind them, speak
for themselves in terms of influence.

In her four years behind the helm for KeyCorp, Mooney has truly steered the ship
in a new and prosperous direction; it's only natural to make some connections
along the way. Key expertly navigated the last recession and is growing in the
years following its wake at an impressive clip.

Mooney, notably, also claims the top spot as a woman, where she is joined in the
top 10 only by Case Western Reserve's Snyder. Women as a group claim just 17% of
the most influential category.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Shrinking government would diminish politicians' power

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 556 words


USA TODAY's editorial "Protect free speech without gutting public financing law"
focuses on Arizona's attempt to limit the influence of money in politics (Our
view, Money in politics debate, March 28).

Supporters of  "clean elections," a system of public financing of campaigns,
argue the financial playing field must be leveled to eliminate undue influence
obtained by  backers of the winning candidate. They think the problem lies with
the need for politicians to raise money and that the way to end political
corruption is to force the public to fund all candidates equally. Then
politicians would no longer need to appease their financial backers and would be
free to vote according to their conscience.

However, this solution  fails to address why people are willing to spend so much
money to get elected in the first place. Those who win public office win the
power that comes with it.  They win the power to reward their friends and punish
their enemies. Is it any wonder that politicians will pay almost any price to
gain  office?

The only way to end the inherent corruption in politics is to once and for all
dismantle this machinery of power. When government is restored to its true
purpose of securing our right to act on our judgment, in pursuit of our own
happiness, politicians will no longer have anything worth selling. Only then
will the influence of money in politics truly come to an end.

John Boyd

Fort Smith, Ark.

Allow only public financing

The richest and most powerful people have always been the ones to get elected in
the USA. This is because their money gives them the ability to get their message
out via radio and TV ads. Quite simply, the wealthiest person wins, and that is
a national travesty.

The Supreme Court had the opportunity to reverse course on this blatantly unfair
situation last year but failed in its task. The conservative court has ducked
morality and ruled in favor of big money, saying  that corporate money buying
elections is essentially free speech protected by the First Amendment.  I wonder
whether our Founding Fathers would see this as a reasonable decision?

The only way to have fair elections is without the influence of private money.
And the only way to do this is via 100% government-funded elections, which
ensure a level playing field.

Jeff Clauser

Chicago

Term limits are the answer

Some states have passed public financing laws to reduce the impact of special
interests in government.  But their worthy goal  will meet many judicial
obstacles. The  better option is term limits.

Our forefathers could never have envisioned our republic  sending elected
representatives to the Capitol for the next 40 years.

Money concerns, from both campaign contributions and lobbying,  are
significantly blunted when the government official cannot become a "professional
politician in residence."

We need a national debate on how our form of government functions best. It would
reveal that the interests of all are best served by people called to public
service for short periods of time and fresh from the front lines of American
life. The term length for various offices deserves reasonable debate and can be
staggered for purposes of continuity.

Left and right will all be affected equally. At the same time, the country will
gain a refreshed and responsive government.

Richard G. Covello

Plymouth, Conn.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, 2008 photo by Charlie Leight, The Arizona Republic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a6

LENGTH: 459 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Jerrod O. Bulgin, 20, of 108 Columbus Drive for refusing to obey, being a minor
possessing, purchasing or consuming alcohol and public intoxication at 9:25 p.m.
Friday in the 100 block of Columbus Drive.

Cesilia Miramontes, 24, of 2011 Seymour Ave. for driving under the influence at
1:35 a.m. Friday at 17th Street and Capitol Avenue.

Brandi R. Patterson, 24, of 3533 Bradley Ave. for driving under the influence at
1:33 a.m. Friday at 307 W. 17th St.

Morgan F. Krieg, 21, of 2419 Pattison Ave. #102 for driving under the influence
at 12:15 a.m. Friday in the 3400 block of East Lincolnway.

Robert J. Price, 34, of 2525 E. 11th St. Apt. B for driving under the influence
and refusing to obey at 12:14 a.m. Friday at 17th Street and Carey Avenue.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Joseph L. Martinez, 28, of 420 W. College Drive #31 for driving with a suspended
license at 12:25 a.m. Saturday at 420 W. College Drive.

Blaine D. Goddard, 50, of 1015 Richardson Court for driving under the influence
and failure to yield at 10:09 p.m. Friday in the 200 block of South Greeley
Highway.

Paul F. Adamson, 20, of 2210 County Road 124 on two felony warrants for
probation violation at 12:25 p.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail, 1910
Pioneer Ave.

Tyler R. Cordova, 18, of 1850 Fremont St. #3 on a misdemeanor warrant for
assault and battery at 8:50 a.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail.

Jonathan T. Villmer, 21, of 502 W. 23rd St. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to pay at 2:41 a.m. Friday at East Lincolnway and Central Avenue.

Mark E. Johnston, 38, of 301 Western Hills Apt. D for stalking, impersonation of
a peace office and felony intellectual property crime at 2:45 p.m. Jan. 27 at
the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol was:

Suzanne R. Carstens-Bjork, 29, of 1012 W. 29th St. on an out-of-county
misdemeanor warrant and for driving without registration at 8:45 p.m. Friday on
U.S. Highway 85 at the fifth mile marker.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation was:

Jacob S. Newlin, 33, of Johnstown, Colo. for felony drug sales and delivery and
drug possession at 8:30 p.m. Jan. 27 in the Arby's parking lot on College Drive.

n

Recently arrested by the U.S. Naturalization and Immigration Service was:

Victor Vidal-Ramirez, 21, of Laramie on a felony hold at 11 a.m. Jan. 27 in
Laramie.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. a6

LENGTH: 459 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Jerrod O. Bulgin, 20, of 108 Columbus Drive for refusing to obey, being a minor
possessing, purchasing or consuming alcohol and public intoxication at 9:25 p.m.
Friday in the 100 block of Columbus Drive.

Cesilia Miramontes, 24, of 2011 Seymour Ave. for driving under the influence at
1:35 a.m. Friday at 17th Street and Capitol Avenue.

Brandi R. Patterson, 24, of 3533 Bradley Ave. for driving under the influence at
1:33 a.m. Friday at 307 W. 17th St.

Morgan F. Krieg, 21, of 2419 Pattison Ave. #102 for driving under the influence
at 12:15 a.m. Friday in the 3400 block of East Lincolnway.

Robert J. Price, 34, of 2525 E. 11th St. Apt. B for driving under the influence
and refusing to obey at 12:14 a.m. Friday at 17th Street and Carey Avenue.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Joseph L. Martinez, 28, of 420 W. College Drive #31 for driving with a suspended
license at 12:25 a.m. Saturday at 420 W. College Drive.

Blaine D. Goddard, 50, of 1015 Richardson Court for driving under the influence
and failure to yield at 10:09 p.m. Friday in the 200 block of South Greeley
Highway.

Paul F. Adamson, 20, of 2210 County Road 124 on two felony warrants for
probation violation at 12:25 p.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail, 1910
Pioneer Ave.

Tyler R. Cordova, 18, of 1850 Fremont St. #3 on a misdemeanor warrant for
assault and battery at 8:50 a.m. Friday at the Laramie County jail.

Jonathan T. Villmer, 21, of 502 W. 23rd St. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to pay at 2:41 a.m. Friday at East Lincolnway and Central Avenue.

Mark E. Johnston, 38, of 301 Western Hills Apt. D for stalking, impersonation of
a peace office and felony intellectual property crime at 2:45 p.m. Jan. 27 at
the Laramie County jail.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol was:

Suzanne R. Carstens-Bjork, 29, of 1012 W. 29th St. on an out-of-county
misdemeanor warrant and for driving without registration at 8:45 p.m. Friday on
U.S. Highway 85 at the fifth mile marker.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation was:

Jacob S. Newlin, 33, of Johnstown, Colo. for felony drug sales and delivery and
drug possession at 8:30 p.m. Jan. 27 in the Arby's parking lot on College Drive.

n

Recently arrested by the U.S. Naturalization and Immigration Service was:

Victor Vidal-Ramirez, 21, of Laramie on a felony hold at 11 a.m. Jan. 27 in
Laramie.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 9, 2007 Monday

Editorial: Tracking influence urges fairness

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion

LENGTH: 416 words


Here's one for the civics books: A well known environmental activist from San
Jose is suing to block parts of the city's lobbyist ordinance on grounds that,
among other things, it violates "the right to engage in anonymous speech."

So this would be the Ku Klux Klan constitutional amendment? Or perhaps the
Obscene Phone Callers Bill of Rights?

The lawsuit was filed by attorney John McManis, a chronic challenger of city
policies, on behalf of Ted Smith, founder of the Silicon Valley Toxics
Coalition. It claims to defend the rights of The Little Guy to write a few
letters to the council without having to register as a lobbyist.

The ordinance was never intended to affect residents who pipe up on a city issue
or leaflet their neighbors to get them to testify at a council meeting. In fact,
these are generally the people who'll benefit from the lobbyist rules.

The ordinance aims to make public the identity of individuals, companies and
organizations that previously could work behind the scenes to influence the
mayor and council without the public ever knowing about it. It charges a fee for
registering to help cover the costs of administering the ordinance, a standard
practice in other cities.

The lobbyist ordinance doesn't stifle free speech. It just says residents and
taxpayers have a right to know who's behind well-financed lobbying campaigns -
just as state law requires the sponsors of campaign literature to identify
themselves. And if the prospect of being identified influences people to be more
truthful and fair in their lobbying efforts, so much the better for the
community.

The lawsuit objects to the city's longstanding definition of an "expenditure
lobbyist" as someone who spends $5,000 or more a year to influence a public
official's vote. McManis and Smith think big spenders like this should be able
to keep their identities a secret.

We see no public purpose to that. If somebody's spending that much money to
influence the mayor and council, why shouldn't people have a right to know who
it is?

There are lots of opportunities to vent anonymously on the Internet. But if
somebody's investing $5,000 or more to get the city to, say, approve a
development or alter the pet ordinance, residents and taxpayers should be able
to find out who it is.

That's the intent of the lobbyist ordinance. If it somehow overreaches to rope
in every letter-writer and neighborhood activist, perhaps this lawsuit will help
to clarify it.

But protecting our right to anonymous speech? Oh please.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 469 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Kelly A. Blakley - 36, Sagle, failure to appear/criminal solicitation,
possession of a controlled substance, $30,000 bond.

Robert P. Dickerson Jr. - 27, Spirit Lake, parole violation/possession of
methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Michael R. Gillock - 21, Spirit Lake, failure to appear/aggravated battery (two
counts), $50,000 bond.

George M. Kelly - 53, Colburn, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance, domestic battery, $45,000 bond.

Rodney J. McGuire - 38, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$75,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Lee R. Aderton - 51, Anacortes, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Benjamin F. Aguilar - 19, Newport, Wash., willful concealment, $1,000 bond.

Rosalio Aguilar-Leguizamo - 25, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/ignition
interlock, assist in operate or starting a motor vehicle, driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $8,600 bond.

Christopher C. Ainsworth - 29, Sandpoint, failure to comply/petty theft, 10 days
in jail.

Donald L. Ambroz - 29, Priest River, failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, driving under the influence, driving without privileges,
$10,000 bond.

Kenneth M. Ammon - 45, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

David L. Anderson - 30, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving with invalid
license, one day in jail.

Christina M. Antuna - 21, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/minor consuming
alcohol, one day in jail.

Aaron Che Knute Ayala - 37, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, 12 days in jail.

Charles E. Barker - 49, Priest River, parole violation/driving under the
influence, resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Jeffery A. Bartlett - 48, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $228 bond.

James L. Brock - 31, Hope, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
possession of a controlled substance, $5,000 bond.

Tanya L. Forgette - 39, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, driving without privileges, three days in jail.

Brian L. Gray - 22, Spirit Lake, issuing insufficient funds check fraud, $1,000
bond.

Wendy M. Martinez - 38, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 639 words


District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships; Golds boro, Lewisberry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Mindy Kerr, P.O. Box 32, Manchester; use, possession of drugs; waived to court.

James A. Watts, Mountain View Drive, Etters; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Marshall P. Pritt, Fishing Creek Road, New Cumberland; driving under the
influence; waived to court.

David Delle, E. Butter Road; criminal mischief; held for court.

Michael L. Favinger, Bobby Jones Drive, Etters; driving under the influence;
held for court.

William Halsey Sr., Hikey St., Dover; possession of cocaine; fugitive.

Stavros Kouros, Locust Road, New Cumberland; harassment; held for court.

James B. Rosengrant, Laird Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Alison Nyholm, Yvendon Drive, Camp Hill; theft by deception; waived to court.

Bryan Brockbill, Walmar Manor, Dillsburg; theft by deception; waived to court.

Richard Ashbrook, Conard Road; burglary; waived to court.

Anthony Corsa, N. Hartman St.; burglary; waived to court.

Kristopher Caobvin; Spruce Road, New Cumberland; driving under the influence;
held for court.

Robb Strommen, W10820 Highway, Poynette, Wis.; driving under the influence;
waived to court.

---
District Judge Daniel B. Garb er's office covers West Manchester Township and
West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Idanis M. Medina-Matos, 200 S. Duke St.; retail theft; paid costs.

Jennifer L. Stitzel, 2641 Willapa Drive, Dover; bad check; paid costs.

Royce Drawdy Jr., 1 Kraft Lane, Thomasville; disorderly conduct; paid costs.

Sandra L. Tome, 130 Weldon Drive; bad check; paid costs.

Regina Folk, 616 Cleveland Ave.; theft by unlawful taking, criminal conspiracy;
waived to court.

Mark O. Ward, 1901 Filbert St.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Brian Howard, 1041 W. King St; theft by unlawful taking; waived to court.

David King, 4 Lawson Court; controlled substance, drug, device or cosmetic;
waived to court.

Barbara Spahr, 941 Hilton Ave.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jason Heisey, 5266 Ridge Road, Elizabethtown; simple assault, resisting arrest,
disorderly conduct, public drunkenness; held for court.

Tanya Billet, Muncy SCI; theft by deception; waived to court.

Isaias Gonzalez, 244 Chambersburg St., Gettysburg; criminal trespass, resisting
arrest; waived to court.

Jafar Cox, 233 Elm Terrace; bad checks; waived to court.

Megan M. Oyler, 521 Middleview Drive; retail theft; waived to court.

Omaira Valentin, 587 E. Princess St.; bad checks; held for court.

Madelyn Martinez, 22 W. Main St., Windsor; bad checks; waived to court.

Riana S. White, 683 N. Beaver St.; retail theft; held for court.

Amanda Weigand, 503 Rife Road, East Berlin; criminal mischief; waived to court.

Larry Luckenbaugh, 325 Parkway Blvd.; stalking, harassment; waived to court.

Dean Dressler, 1170 Ruth St.; criminal mischief; waived to court.

Marcia Perryman, 195 Charles Circle, Hellam; criminal conspiracy, receiving
stolen property; waived to court.

Jill Corcino, 1146 E. King St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Yesenia Alicea-Arroyo, 32 E. Charles Lane; hindering apprehension; waived to
court.

John Keiser, 2782 Butternut Lane; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; held for court.

Shane Klinedinst, 1412 Dartmouth Road; driving under the influence, underage
drinking; waived to court.

Michael Delp, 186 Omaha Ave., Dover; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Maria Barton, 218 Kurtz Ave.; false identification, driving under suspension,
restraint systems; waived to court.

Joshua Lewis, SCI Houtzdale; bad checks; waived to court.

Douglas Dempsey, 1945 Roosevelt Ave.; driving under the influence; waived to
court.

Adam Albright, 996 Range Road; retail theft, corruption of minors; waived to
court.

Mayleen Gonzalez-Rosado, 151 N. Stratton St., Gettysburg; bad checks; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 17, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

STUDY SHOWS HIGH DRUG USE AMONG THOSE ARRESTED CRACK IS DETECTED MOST;
FREQUENTLY

BYLINE: Tim Bryant Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 545 words


A new report says that more than half of the people arrested by St. Louis police
are under the influence of illegal drugs when taken into custody.  Crack was the
most prevalent illicit drug detected by urinalysis of the people in the study.
The report, written by a criminologist, covered nearly 4,000 adults arrested
between October 1988 and last July who were tested voluntarily.  ''The evidence
presented here indicates that cocaine use continues at high rates among
arrestees,'' the report says. ''Enforcement, interdiction and treatment have yet
to significantly affect arrestee cocaine use.'' Relatively few of those arrested
tested positive for marijuana, heroin, PCP (phencyclidine) or other drugs.  The
criminologist, Scott H. Decker, recommended that better drug treatment for those
arrested be started immediately. Decker is chairman of the department of
criminology and criminal justice at the University of Missouri at St. Louis.
Decker says in the report that many of those arrested expressed a willingness to
get treatment for their drug problems.  More drug-treatment services are needed
at the City Jail and at the City Workhouse, the report says.  St. Louis ranked
in the middle of nearly two dozen big cities where police reported the
percentages of people arrested who tested positive for drugs. In St. Louis, 56
percent of the men arrested and 54 percent of the women had illegal drugs in
their systems.  At least 70 percent of those arrested tested positive for drug
use in Philadelphia, San Diego, Detroit and Manhattan. More than half of those
arrested tested positive in 19 of the 23 cities studied.  ''The news everywhere
is bad, but it's less bad here,'' Decker said.  Cities with percentages similar
to those in St. Louis included New Orleans, Phoenix, Ariz., and San Jose, Calif.
The statistics compiled here resulted partly from interviews between October
1988 and last July with 3,865 people arrested by St. Louis police. The National
Institute of Justice, the research arm of the U.S. Justice Department, paid for
the study.  In most categories, results in St. Louis were similar to those from
other cities. A difference was that people between the ages of 15 to 20 who were
arrested were the most infrequent drug users in St. Louis, the report says.
''This runs counter to the commonly held public belief that it is primarily
young people who are involved in drugs,'' the report says.  Drug use was highest
among arrestees aged 26 to 30, the report says.  Overall, drugs were found in at
least 60 percent of the people arrested for property crimes, such as burglary
and stealing. Of those charged with murder, 58 percent tested positive for
drugs.  ''The link between drugs and crime type is generally not well
understood,'' the report says. ''Many argue that drug addiction motivates a
large proportion of all property crime, a proposition not challenged by these
findings.  ''On the other hand, a good deal is heard today about the link
between drugs and violent crime, homicide in particular.'' Cocaine was the
''drug of choice'' among the arrestees, the report says.  Its use grew among men
and women from the fall of 1988 through the following summer. Cocaine use
remained steady until dropping off some by July 1990.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday

Salt Lake Symphony: Musical influences

BYLINE: By Robert Coleman Special To The Tribune

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Features

LENGTH: 634 words


Sometimes the influence of a good music teacher makes all the difference, says
Salt Lake Symphony music director Robert Baldwin. "Having good teachers really
formed who I would ultimately become as a teacher, myself," Baldwin said.

Baldwin credits the influence of Vernon Ashcraft, of Colorado Springs, who
played violin in the city's philharmonic orchestra and taught the fledgling
musician viola in private lessons. Now Baldwin follows his mentor's "pay it
forward" credo in his own teaching as the University of Utah's director of
orchestra studies and assistant director of graduate studies.

Baldwin is in his fifth year leading the volunteer Salt Lake Symphony, which
offers concerts throughout the year. On Nov. 7, the group will perform
"Impressions from the British Isles," featuring soloist John Eckstein, Utah
Symphony acting associate principal cellist.

On the program is Ralph Vaughan Williams' overture "The Wasps," which will
feature local high-school musicians, nominated by private teachers, who will sit
side-by-side with symphony members. "They're well prepared but wide-eyed and
real excited," Baldwin said.

Baldwin, a native of California, was reared in Colorado and started playing
viola in fourth grade before earning degrees at the University of Northern
Colorado, University of Iowa and University of Arizona. He has conducted
university, regional and community orchestras, as well as performing as a
soloist and with chamber ensembles. In his musical family, wife Maria and
daughter Alyssa play viola, while son Daren, the rebel of the family, plays
cello.

Also on the program is Mendelssohn's Symphony No. 3 ("Scottish"), a
British-themed work Baldwin scheduled to commemorate the 200th anniversary of
the German composer's birth. "He was so fascinated with Scotland and it really
comes through in the music. It's like a postcard of Scotland from Germany,"
Baldwin said.

In his first performance with the Salt Lake Symphony, Eckstein will solo in
Edward Elgar's Cello Concerto. The elegiac, four-movement work -- "a highly
emotionally charged piece," Eckstein said -- combines Elgar's keen ability to
bring the English countryside alive through music with an attempt to portray the
horror of WW I.

Besides playing in the Utah Symphony, Eckstein teaches cello at the University
of Utah, where he passes forward the influence of his cello teacher, Raya
Garbousova, "She had a strong and compelling spirit that hopefully lives on in
her students," he said.

Eckstein's former student Melissa Crowther was grateful for the useful
instruction she received when she studied with him at the U. "He's very
encouraging and able to be very clear about what needs to happen," said
Crowther, now the principal cellist in the Salt Lake Symphony.

As a recipient of Garbousova's second generation of influence, Crowther is
passionate about performing. The mother of two also performs as a member of the
Orchestra at Temple Square, in a string quartet with friends, and with her
husband, a guitarist. She appreciates continuing to work with Baldwin, whom she
first worked with as a student in the U. orchestra.

With the pressures of daily life, it would be easy for Crowther to put her cello
in the closet and forget about it. But she continues to hone her talent --- a
mosaic of abilities shaped in part by a legacy of influential teachers.
Impressions from the British Isles

The Salt Lake Symphony performs music of British composers.

When » Nov. 7, 7:30 p.m.

Where » Libby Gardner Concert Hall, 1375 E. Presidents Circle, University of
Utah campus, Salt Lake City.

Tickets » $10 ($5 students/seniors) at the door, or at www.kingtix.com or
801-581-7100.

Next » The community orchestra's next concert will be Handel's "Messiah," Dec.
5, 7:30 p.m., Libby Gardner Concert Hall.

Information » www.saltlakesymphony.org

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           January 29, 2005 Saturday
                                National Edition

Scientist claims he has discovered 'gay genes': Finding could raise difficult
ethical questions

BYLINE: Tom Spears, CanWest News Service.

SECTION: DISCOVERZ; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 592  words


A Chicago genome researcher says he has found a group of genes that strongly
influence whether a man is gay --not a single "gay gene," but a group of genes
acting together.

If confirmed, it would provide at least part of the explanation for what makes
men gay, and answer questions about the origins of homosexuality for which gene
scientists have searched for more than a decade.

The University of Illinois at Chicago and the U.S. National Institutes of Health
Mr. Mustanski studied 456 men from 146 families that each had two or more gay
brothers, comparing the genes of gay and heterosexual brothers.

The finding that a whole variety of genes were common to the majority of the gay
men echoes other recent gene findings:Traits from body shape to heart disease
are all caused by a complex mix of genes, combined with such non-genetic
influences as diet.

But there is no single "gay gene" found only in gay men. And the team said
environment likely also plays some role.

The discovery also raises the prospects of aborting fetuses that carry these
genes, or creating drugs to counteract them.

While genes are unlikely to decide everything in sexual orientation, being gay
or heterosexual "is probably largely determined before birth. How you acted as a
parent probably doesn't play much role," said the main researcher, Brian
Mustanski, a behavioural geneticist.

"Our best guess is that genes explain about half the variability, and that other
[half] is probably explained by other non-genetic biological influences" that
are still unknown.

In 1993, a National Institutes of Health researcher named Dean Hamer published a
controversial study suggesting gay and heterosexual men had different forms of
one gene on the X chromosome -- one of two sex chromosomes.

That study left many doubters, and the search went on.

Now Mr. Mustanski has expanded the search to the 22 pairs of chromosomes shared
equally by men and women, which often are not considered important in matters of
sex. His study in a journal called Human Genetics says he found genes on widely
scattered chromosomes.

One bioethicist says this discovery, if true, would counter the argument that
being gay is a matter of choice and therefore a question of morality.

But Maxwell Mehlman, a bioethics professor at Case Western Reserve University in
Cleveland, warns that finding such genes would also raise difficult questions.

Some parents will want to test fetuses and abort them if they carry genes that
suggest a child could be gay, just as some fetuses are aborted for being female,
he said. Some people doing in-vitro fertilization would also want to discard
embryos with any sign of "gay genes."

The discovery could also lead to research into drugs to interfere with these
genes, sponsored by organizations opposed to gays, he said. If there are gay
genes, "it is then susceptible to 'correction.' "

But for the moment, he expects widespread skepticism about Mr. Mustanski's
claim.

"What you really need is large population studies," possibly on "gene banks"of
entire countries such as Iceland.

For his part, Mr. Mustanski said, "We have identified specific chromosomal
regions that seem to be related to determining someone's sexual orientation. It
doesn't allow us to say how much [role] do genes or environment or other things
play.

"It seems you can get the exact same gene, and depending on whether it comes
from your mother or your father, it behaves differently.... It's a fascinating
new frontier in science."

There hasn't been as much work on women's genes, though that is likely to
happen, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Shaun Heasley, Agence France-Presse, Getty Images; A Chicago
researcher has isolated a group of genes he believes strongly influences whether
a man is gay or heterosexual.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Lonnie Mack, guitarist who pioneered blues rock, dies at 74;
Obituary

BYLINE: WILLIAM GRIMES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1016 words

ABSTRACT

Mr. Mack was a seminal influence on a long list of British and American artists.


FULL TEXT

CORRECTION APPENDED

Lonnie Mack, a guitarist and singer, whose impassioned, fast-picking style on
the early 1960s instrumentals ''Memphis'' and ''Wham!'' became a model for the
blues-rock lead-guitar style and a seminal influence on a long list of British
and American artists, died on Thursday in Nashville. He was 74.

Alligator Records announced his death but did not specify the cause.

Mr. Mack was a country boy from southern Indiana who grew up on the Grand Ole
Opry, rhythm and blues radio, and the gospel music he sang at his local church,
influences that he blended as both a singer and guitarist.

''Memphis,'' his instrumental version of Chuck Berry's ''Memphis, Tennessee,''
was a rockabilly-blues ripsnorter with a scorching 12-bar solo. Released in
1963, it rose to No. 5 on the pop charts, sold more than a million copies and
galvanized young guitar players around the world.

The music historian Richard T. Pinnell called ''Memphis'' ''a milestone in early
rock guitar'' in Guitar Player magazine in 1979. Just as influential was
''Wham!,'' also from 1963, with its flamboyant use of a vibrato bar, a device
that became known as a whammy bar.

''Mack took the rough, country-inspired rockabilly style of the '50s and
rocketed it into the future,'' the music critic Greg Kot wrote in The Chicago
Tribune in 1989. ''He played it hot, with screaming single-note sustains and
shuddering vibrato, a siren call to a legion of aspiring guitar heroes.''

The records were studied closely by a long list of British and American
guitarists, including Jeff Beck, Duane Allman, Dickey Betts, Jimmy Page and
Stevie Ray Vaughan. In 1980, Guitar World placed Mr. Mack's 1964 album, ''The
Wham of That Memphis Man!,'' first on a list of 50 landmark records, ahead of
recordings by Jimi Hendrix, Cream, Mr. Beck, the Paul Butterfield Blues Band and
the Allman Brothers.

Mr. Mack tended to play down his importance. In a 2005 interview he said, ''I
was a bridge-over between the standard country licks in early rock 'n' roll and
the screamin' kinda stuff that came later.''

Lonnie McIntosh was born on July 18, 1941, in West Harrison, Ind., northwest of
Cincinnati, where his parents had moved from southeastern Kentucky. His mother
taught him a few chords on an acoustic guitar when he was still a boy.

''I started off in bluegrass, before there was rock 'n' roll,'' he said in the
2005 interview. ''My family was like a family band. We sang and harmonized, and
Dad played banjo. We were playing mostly gospel, bluegrass and old-style
country.''

He dropped out of school in the sixth grade after fighting with a teacher and
began playing professionally in local clubs, eventually changing his last name
to Mack. His smooth, smoky vocal style, with a slight rasp, was influenced by
both the country star George Jones and the blues singer Bobby Bland. As a
guitarist he often cited the country musician Merle Travis as an early model, as
well as the blues players T-Bone Walker and, later, Robert Ward.

In 1958 he bought a Gibson Flying V electric guitar - No. 7 in the first year's
production run - and used it throughout his career. With a group of musicians
sometimes billed as the Twilighters, he played clubs and roadhouses in Ohio,
Indiana and Kentucky and did session work at Fraternity, a small Cincinnati
label that recorded ''Memphis,'' ''Wham!'' and one of Mr. Mack's compositions,
''Chicken Pickin'.''

Several of his instrumentals, as well as the soul vocals ''Where There's a
Will,'' ''Satisfied'' and ''Why?'' were collected on ''The Wham of That Memphis
Man!'' The album was reissued as a collector's edition, with additional tracks,
by the Elektra label in 1969.

In the mid-1960s Mr. Mack and his band members worked as session musicians at
King Records in Cincinnati, playing on recordings by Hank Ballard, James Brown
and Freddie King.

A rave review of ''The Wham of That Memphis Man!'' in Rolling Stone magazine in
1968 led to bookings at the Fillmore East and West and a contract with Elektra,
where he recorded three albums and played lead and bass guitar on the song
''Roadhouse Blues,'' by the Doors.

He remained a cult figure, in part because of his distaste for the music
business. ''Seems like every time I get close to really making it, to climbing
to the top of the mountain, that's when I pull out. I just pull up and run,'' he
told the music writer Peter Guralnick in Country Music magazine in 1977, shortly
after he signed with Capitol records.

In the early 1980s, after moving to Texas at the urging of Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mack
moved closer to the limelight, performing with Mr. Vaughan as a kind of Zen
guitar master. Mr. Vaughan said that ''Wham!'' was the first record he bought.
He played it so often, trying to master the guitar licks, that his father
destroyed the record.

Alligator Records in Chicago approached Mr. Mack to record an album, ''Strike
Like Lightning,'' which was released in 1985 and led to a tour that became a
kind of victory lap, with the rock eminences Keith Richards, Ron Wood and Ry
Cooder joining him onstage. It culminated in a guitar super-summit at Carnegie
Hall, billed as ''American Guitar Heroes,'' in which Mr. Mack joined with Albert
Collins and Roy Buchanan in a performance that was released as a video
documentary, ''Further on Down the Road.''

He recorded two more albums for Alligator, ''Second Sight'' (1986) and ''Lonnie
Mack Live! Attack of the Killer V'' (1990). He was inducted into the Guitar Hall
of Fame in 2001 and the Rockabilly Hall of Fame in 2005.

CORRECTION:

As published in the International New York Times

An obituary on Monday about the guitarist and singer Lonnie Mack misidentified
the magazine for which the music historian Richard T. Pinnell wrote about Mr.
Mack's record ''Memphis'' in 1979. It is Guitar Player, not Guitar World. The
obituary also misstated Mr. Mack's contribution to the Doors' recording of the
song ''Roadhouse Blues.'' While he did play bass guitar on that song, he did not
also play lead guitar.

Saturday, April 30, 2016

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            June 25, 2015, Thursday

Survey reveals teens exposed to risky acts

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 300 words


One in four teens in the U.S. report that they have been a passenger in a
vehicle with an adult driver who was drunk or stoned, a survey by Allstate Corp.
shows.

Twenty-one percent of teens cited at least one instance where a grown up was
under the influence of alcohol behind the wheel, according to a report Wednesday
from the Northbrook, Illinois-based insurer. Eight percent reported an adult who
was impaired by marijuana. That compares with 15 percent of teens who said they
have been in a car with a teen driver who was under the influence.

Insurers have been highlighting how risky behavior can be passed on from parent
to child. Boston-based Liberty Mutual Holding Co. found in a survey last year
that U.S. parents often ignore warnings from their children against texting
behind the wheel or driving while intoxicated.

"A lot of parents don't understand that they're the No. 1 influence when it
comes to teaching their teens how to drive, Kyle Donash, a spokesman for
Allstate, said in a phone interview. "That was one theme that came out, whether
it was speeding, buckling up, or driving under the influence.

Forty-two percent of parents surveyed admitted to having driven under the
influence of either alcohol or marijuana at least once, while 14 percent of
teens made such an acknowledgment.

Almost half of the teens surveyed reported that they have been a passenger with
an adult driver experiencing road rage, according to Allstate, the largest
publicly traded U.S. home and auto insurer.

The survey was conducted for the insurer in January by Futures Co. and included
a nationally representative sample of 1,552 people ages 15 to 19, and 1,535
parents of teens, according to the statement. Donash said it was up to the teens
to determine who qualified as an adult for purposes of the survey.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday

Isaac Kline Hay, Jr.

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Photo by Mistral Hay

Ike Hay, 69, of Lancaster, PA, died on February 14, 2014 at home, of ILD. He was
born to the late Isaac K. Hay, Sr. and Florice Caldwell Hay, April 28, 1944, in
Atlanta, GA.

He grew up in Bethesda, MD and graduated from Walter Johnson High School. He had
been a member of the Chevy Chase Baptist Church, Washington, DC. He completed
two years at Montgomery College, MD and graduated from University of Georgia,
BFA and MFA, Sculpture. He served six years in the Army Reserves during Vietnam.
After teaching for five years at Perdue University, Ike served in the
Artist-in-the-Schools program in Birmingham, AL for a year. Ike made Lancaster
home when he joined the art department at Millersville University in 1975,
teaching there for 30 years. At MU he refined the bronze foundry to industry
standards, and led a student group of artists to replicate a life-size
triceratops skull for Smithsonian's Natural History Museum. Ike created
site-specific architectural sculpture and his pieces are in Alaska, Alabama,
Florida, and Oklahoma. In Pennsylvania, his art is in Philadelphia, Reading,
Harrisburg, York, and Lancaster.

He was a student and scholar of Napoleonic military history and decorative arts.
He presented papers across the country on his studies. He was an avid collector
and guided restoration of many pieces of furniture of the classical period, in
addition to Regency lighting and French Napoleonic edged weapons.

He was married to and is survived by Teri Hay (Theresa Bisker). They would have
been married for 35 years in May. In addition to his wife, he is survived by two
daughters, Mariah Ruth Hay, 31, of Dallas, TX and Mistral Gale Hay, 27, of
Brooklyn, NY, and three cousins who live in Georgia, Sam Hay III, Libby Hay
Davis, and Judson Caldwell.

Ike had the gentility of a Southerner, his roots, and the frankness of a
Northerner, where he chose to make his home. He was the epitome of a true
teacher, always generously sharing and disseminating information with anyone who
expressed an interest and thirst for knowledge. He had a quick wit and great
sense of humor. His influence was like a gentle breeze to all who knew him. He
took great pleasure in being a small part of students' progress and success. He
allowed his students to be organically changed by his influence or mere presence
in their lives. Ike has said, "Great art springs from great ideas and is refined
with impeccable design and technique. To dismiss work with a glance is
inherently unfair. The relativity of art makes it difficult to qualify. I look
deeper. All art is created to communicate an idea, a feeling, a theory, or
possibly a perspective to honor." He will be greatly missed by his circle of
family and friends.

Ike's Celebration of Life Service will be held at The Groffs Family Funeral
Home, 528 West Orange St., (corner of Pine and Orange) Lancaster, PA on
Thursday, February 20, 2014, at 4 pm. The family will greet friends from 3 pm
until the time of the service and would be honored if you would share a brief
story of Ike's influence in your life. Memorial Contributions may be made
payable to Johns Hopkins University, Fund for Johns Hopkins Medicine, 5200
Eastern Ave., MFL Center Tower, Suite 356, Baltimore, MD 21224 or Millersville
University Art Department, Juried Student Show, ­Sculpture Award, at
http://www.millersville.edu/give/online-forms/gift.php

Online condolences may be posted on our Web site:

www.thegroffs.com.

The Groffs Family Funeral and Cremation Services, Inc.

528 West Orange Street

Lancaster, PA 17603

717-394-5300

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Isaac Kline Hay, Jr.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                               May 6, 2011 Friday

World's top 10 touristic desert city destinations

LENGTH: 853 words


Beaches are heating up but for heat without the cooling influence of the sea,
head for the desert or a city near one.

NEW YORK: Beaches are heating up but for heat without the cooling influence of
the sea, head for the desert or a city near one.

Online travel advisers Cheapflights (www.cheapflights.com) offers its top 10
desert city destinations. Reuters does not endorse this list:

1.  Las Vegas, Nevada

Love it or loathe it, Las Vegas is the leviathan of desert destinations. It's a
city of mega hotels: Mandalay Bay, New York-New York, The Mirage, Luxor,
Bellagio, and Paris - all waiting to fulfill your fantasies. Shows, world-class
shopping, and some of the best restaurants anywhere are here too. It long ago
ceased to be a mere magnet for North Americans. Europeans flock here too with
British Airways and Virgin Atlantic each offering nonstop London flights to Las
Vegas.

2.  Four Corners

It's the anti-Vegas. Remote and resplendent, pilots like to point it out from
35,000 feet. It's Four Corners - where Arizona, New Mexico, Utah and Colorado
kiss. Back down to earth the view is more intimate. It's steeped in Navajo
culture: arts, handcrafts, and ceremony. It's also home to a great
getaway-from-it-all resort called Amangiri. You get there via a winding road
descending into a valley. And as you descend, leave the real world behind.

3.  Palm Springs, California

It's the startling contrast of vivid golf greens amid sandy surroundings that
signals Palm Springs. Glitterati and plain folk gather under the same blue sky
to explore, kick back and recharge. Embraced by the ethereal San Jacinto
Mountains are galleries, boutique shops and authentic culture. This
extraordinary land is ancestral home of the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla
Indians. The prime perch to take it all in is from the Palm Springs Aerial
Tramway.

4.  Santa Fe, New Mexico

Nowhere in North America do the arts, antiquity and the high desert blend so
effortlessly as in Santa Fe. Sited in the foothills of the Rockies, in the
Sangre de Cristo Mountains, galleries and museums exhibit traditional and
contemporary works - including those of Georgia O'Keefe. See what inspired
O'Keefe with a visit to nearby Native American pueblos. Savor the flavors of
traditional Native American fare.

5.  Flagstaff, Arizona

Flagstaff is near the sites that define this slice of desert: the Grand Canyon,
Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument, Meteor Crater, Wupatki National
Monument. After a day in that desert you're hungry. One place locals love is El
Capitan Fresh Mexican Grill. Culinary sorts say it has the best tacos and (maybe
more importantly) the best salsa in town. Shopping is a more sedate pursuit. The
city's historic district is replete with plenty of boutiques - and some
first-rate booksellers.

6.  Scottsdale, Arizona

Drink in the sights, sounds and smells of the rugged Sonoran Desert from the
gondola of a hot air balloon. Scottsdale has legions of experienced, licensed
pilots. Adventure whet the appetite? The city is full of great places to eat.
There's even a working olive mill and winery where you can create your own
blends. Don't leave the kids at home. There's an award-winning zoo, and a
railroad museum.

7.  Tucson, Arizona

Desert destinations have one thing in common: outdoor pursuits. Take Tucson.
There's hiking, rock climbing, horseback riding, biking and even caving. But if
you really want to explore the ultimate out-of-doors visit Kitt Peak National
Observatory for some real-life stargazing. It reputedly possesses the greatest
collection of telescopes for stellar and solar research on our humble planet.
After viewing the heavens, head to Café Poca Casa for imaginative Mexican
cuisine, and perhaps the area's primo collection of Tequilas.

8.  Casablanca, Morocco

Romance in the western reaches of the Sahara? Play it again, Sam. Casablanca Bar
conjures up Bogart and Bergman, aided by a pianist who plays songs from the
film. More romance? Take the Aïn-Diab coast road that runs between the El Hank
lighthouse and Sidi Bou Abderrahmane mausoleum, a small village accessible
solely at low tide. Balance the old with the new. In the city, visit the Mâarif
district. This is where you'll find emerging Morocco.

9.  Dubai

More than a commercial crossroads, Dubai is a prime tourist draw. An air bridge
from London puts golfers, shoppers, and sunbathers in one of the hottest
(literally and figurative) destinations anywhere. December through March is the
best time to visit. Revel in the warm waters just off Jumeria, site of the
area's best beaches. There are bars, clubs, and restaurants aplenty - most
located in the major hotels. Earthier ambience? Dine on a dhow as it cruises The
Creek.

10. Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt

Relatively removed from the tumult, this Red Sea resort is one of be most
sublime scuba venues in the world. Coral reefs and a thousand species of fish
make the Little Mermaid mad with jealousy. Cutting-edge cuisine clusters in the
center of the city, in the Naama Bay area. Head for Ras Mohammed, at the
south-most tip of the peninsula. It's a national park, preserving this
extraordinary area the way it was.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2011 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Investment News

                               September 17, 2007

Distributors guide advisers through VA maze;
Firms such as LPL also provide training on intricate products

BYLINE: Darla Mercado

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1050  words


Variable annuities, once the misunderstood child of the financial planning
industry, are finding a new place in advisers' hearts now that distributors are
guiding them through the products' complexities.

In the past, their high costs and complex nature have kept variable annuities in
the shadow, but distributors and advisers alike are finding that education is
key to including these annuities as part of a comprehensive plan.

``With more than $20 trillion to invest, it's essential that all distributors
provide the tools and training to allow advisers to effectively handle income
planning,'' Michael J. Gilotti, vice president of new-business development for
Farmington, Conn.-based General Re-New England Asset Management Inc., said at
Reston, Va.-based NAVA's 2007 annual conference in Boston last week.

Chain of influence

Insurance industry representatives at the conference insisted that there is a
chain of influence behind sales of variable annuities that trickles down from
broker-dealers and wholesalers to advisers and clients. The wholesale level is
an especially crucial connection point that needs improvement, said Frank
Zafran, managing director of New York-based Morgan Stanley's
global-wealth-management group.

``I've traveled with wholesalers, and doors would close because there was no
value in the relationship,'' he said. ``How do you understand the financial
adviser and the client if you just walk in and leave?''

The answer to that - as well as to the problem of engaging non-VA producers - is
through education, Mr. Zafran added.

LPL Financial Services of Boston and San Diego, along with other broker-dealers,
has found ways to help advisers navigate the intricacies of variable annuities
and their riders.

The company has a series of programs in place, including the Fast Forward City
Tours, a two-and-a-half-day training seminar through six cities, as well as
regular webcasts and a firmwide publication to focus on product training.

``Our advisers are thirsty for the right income-planning tools,'' said Kevin
Hogan, a senior vice president, product development, with LPL. ``With that comes
the burden of training.''

But that training has paid off for producers, who are employing solutions they
may not otherwise have thought of, according to industry observers.

``I do mostly fee-based work, so I only use variable annuities in
non-traditional situations,'' said Michael L. Jones, a certified financial
planner and president of Lifetime Financial Solutions Inc. in Louisville, Ky.

LPL, Lifetime Financial Solutions' broker-dealer, provided him with a workshop
on variable annuities in such situations and has given him ``an abundance of
information.''

``VAs would perhaps be a portion of assets for those clients who are safety
conscious and nervous about the marketplace,'' Mr. Jones said. ``Had I not been
educated about it, I probably wouldn't have used it.''

But Mr. Jones was quick to note that the training sessions haven't fogged his
duty to his clients: The products work as part of an entire plan, and he will
recommend them only when they fit with a client's needs.

Although willing to work with wholesalers, advisers have also expressed
skepticism on the type of education a company will provide. Some would prefer an
educational push from the entire insurance industry.

``Additional resources from the [Kansas City, Mo.-based] National Association of
Insurance Commissioners would be good, and some non-biased info would be
needed,'' said Julie De- Tienne, a registered representative at CUE Financial
Group Inc. of Phoenix. She handles her research on variable annuities
independently but has relied on information from wholesalers when working with
riders and other features.

``I don't want anything that's product oriented, as in wholesalers' coming in to
make pitches,'' Ms. DeTienne said.

But companies have responded to that call: Prudential Annuities, a unit of
Newark, N.J.-based Prudential Financial Inc., has partnered with the Wharton
School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia to teach wholesalers
and advisers how to help clients reach their retirement goals. Participants can
also get a continuing-education credit from the program.

``The continuing-education content is approved by state insurance departments,
and it steers clear of any products, as well as anything that's sales skills
oriented,'' said Eva Vitale, vice president of Prudential Annuities' learning
organization.

During the second quarter, VA sales jumped 13%, hitting a record $48.5 billion,
according to data from LIMRA International Inc., a Windsor, Conn.-based global
association of insurance and financial services companies.

``It is very difficult to determine how much impact the educational programs
have on VA sales, since there are other factors,'' said Joe Montimy, LIMRA's
associate research director for retirement research.

Recent market volatility could make guaranteed-living-benefit riders appealing
to customers, but the educational programs encourage advisers to consider them
as part of a planning package, he added.

Consumer education is another point of contact for the providers, according to
Eric S. Henderson, senior vice president, individual-investments group, at
Nationwide Financial Services Inc. of Columbus, Ohio.

Nationwide has paired with Boston College of Newton, Mass., to create the
RetirAbility Check, a calculator that grades consumers' readiness for
retirement.

The results are generic enough that clients can go over them with advisers and
use them to create a plan.

``We're seeing education that goes straight to the consumer so that they
understand variable annuities more and ask their advisers more questions,'' Mr.
Henderson said.

Simplicity sought

Consumers and advisers point out that they want simplicity, he said.

Ms. DeTienne agrees.

The rapid evolution of the product has made research and feature comparisons
cumbersome at times, she said.

``We manually create spreadsheets to compare differences in variable annuity
contracts, so we're looking at five products at once and figuring out
[mortality-and-expense] charges,'' Ms. DeTienne said.

``It's not something I show my clients,'' she said. ``I don't want to present
them with five different products; they're looking at us for guidance.''

Darla Mercado can be reached at dmercado@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Credit: Kevin Hogan: LPL's advisers want income-planning tools, he
says. * Eric S. Henderson: Consumer education offers a point of contact.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: in


                      Copyright 2007 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 477 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the sheriff's department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Dennis A. Dobbs - 35, Moyie Springs, parole violation/rape, $50,000 bond.

Nicole L. Hutchinson - 22, Oldtown, parole violation/possession of
methamphetamine with intent to deliver, $40,000 bond.

James E. Montz - 55, Sandpoint, failure to appear/manufacturing a controlled
substance, $100,000 bond.

Bruce H. Powell - 49, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/battery, injury to child,
$25,000 bond.

Steve T. Wynhoff - 38, Spokane, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance, $40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Kelly J. Akridge - 53, Priest River, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $3,000 bond.

Daniel C. Amesbury - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, open container, providing false information to officer, $2,500 bond.

David N. Ball - 31, Post Falls, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $300 bond.

Leslie W. Buck - 39, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$12,500 bond.

Sterling A. Calhoun - 23, Gold Hill, Ore., failure to
appear/inattentive/careless driving, $1,000 bond.

William M. DeFriese - 58, Coolin, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
possession of a concealed weapon with a permit, $5,000 bond.

Joel T. Diekhoff - 23, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving offense,
battery, $1,200 bond.

Richard F. Duran - 40, Priest River, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, driving under the influence, $7,500 bond.

Levi D. Eicher- 18, Kootenai, failure to appear/possession of alcohol by a
minor, possession of tobacco by a minor, $400 bond.

Katrina L. Emerson - 32, Sandpoint, failure to appear/disturbing the peace, $300
bond.

Danny R. Hackle - 45, Sandpoint, failure to comply/battery, petty theft,
possession of a controlled substance, injury to child, $7,891 bond.

Jonathan B. Hammond - 27, Franktown, Colo., failure to comply/driving under the
influence (two warrants), $5,000 bond.

William D. Hibbard - 39, Naples, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, resisting arrest, possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use, $4,000 bond.

Gerald A. Mitchell - 44, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $2,089 bond.

Jeffery B. Nelson - 35, Laclede, failure to comply/driving under the influence
(two warrants), $7,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 6, 2005 Friday
                                  All Editions

Hard-core Shanghai Valentine direct about its music roots

BYLINE: EMILY BURNHAM

SECTION: Pg. C11

LENGTH: 420 words


Shanghai Valentine, playing this Saturday at the Kave in Bucksport, makes no
bones about its origins.

"I'd been wanting to start a band forever, but Shanghai Valentine actually
started at a Halloween party," said Dave Sherman, bassist and co-vocalist for
the Boston-based foursome. "Graham [Stetler, drummer] and I put together a
Misfits cover band, and everyone loved it. A week later we found the rest of the
band and we started right away."

The Misfits, the legendary New Jersey punk band, remain a major influence in and
among punk circles, inspiring bands such as Marilyn Manson, Pantera, AFI and
Guns N' Roses. Shanghai Valentine checks them first and foremost as an
inspiration but admits there's more to it than just Danzig-worship, citing bands
as different as the Bad Brains and Andrew W.K. as influences.

"We grew up as hard-core kids, playing in the DIY hard-core scene," Sherman
said. "We draw directly from our influences, and we aren't ashamed to admit
that."

On its Web site, www.shanghaivalentine.net, the band describes itself as being
somewhere between robots, power and violence. Now what does that mean?

"I guess the bottom line is we don't know how to describe our sound," Sherman
said. "We didn't try to pinpoint exactly what we are. We're referring to the
fact that our sound is very loose."

Shanghai Valentine, which also features guitarist Graham Field and vocalist and
guitarist Marc Balois, is returning to the Kave after a successful show there in
February.

"We love playing in Maine," said Sherman. "The Kave is a pretty interesting
phenomenon as well. It's great to have an all-ages venue to play at. Everyone is
so enthusiastic."

Shanghai Valentine will play at the Kave in Bucksport on Saturday, May 7. Doors
open at 6 p.m. Red Invasion, Seal Man Investigation and Chicago Typewriter will
open. Tickets are $7 at Bull Moose Music locations and at the door. For
directions to the Kave, visit www.thekaveclub.com, or call 469-6473. Emily
Burnham can be reached at eburnham@bangordailynews.net.


Supporting acts

.  The band Deerhoof delights in bringing opposites together. Singer and bassist
Satomi Matsuzaki's sweet, elfin vocals and whimsical lyrical observations are
paired with Pixies-like slabs of guitar and drummer Greg Saunier's huge, John
Bonham-inspired drums. The result is nothing like anything you've heard before.
Check them out at 8:30 Saturday night at the Space Gallery in Portland, with
silken-voiced chanteuse Nedelle opening. Tickets are $8. For directions, head to
www.space538.org.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            September 5, 2008 Friday

Police log

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 609 words


- Chambersburg

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Juan Carlos Garcia, 23, 640 Mickey Inn Road, was
charged with driving under the influence after an accident Sunday night,
according to Chambersburg Police.

Police said Garcia's vehicle was traveling north and struck a parked vehicle at
162 S. Second St. Police allegedly found Garcia to be under the influence of
alcohol and arrested him for DUI.

(Incident No. C2008-10147)

- Waynesboro

DRUG ARREST: Two men are in Franklin County Jail after police allegedly found
crack cocaine in a Waynesboro home.

Christopher Follett, 25, of New York, and Richard Diffenderfer, 52, of
Waynesboro, were arraigned before Magisterial District Judge Duane Cunningham on
charges of possession with intent to deliver crack cocaine, criminal conspiracy
to possess with intent to deliver crack cocaine, and possession of drug
paraphernalia.

Follett was placed in Franklin County Jail in lieu of $100,000 bail.
Diffenderfer also was placed in Franklin County Jail in lieu of $50,000 bail.

Waynesboro Police said they found crack rocks wrapped individually to sell,
weighing 10.5 grams, during a search of the suspect's home Wednesday. Officers
also allegedly found two digital scales, various drug paraphernalia and a large
amount of cash.

THEFT: Allegheny Power is offering a $500 reward for information leading to the
arrest of those responsible for a recent copper wire theft.

Waynesboro Police said today that someone cut through a fence behind Allegheny
Power, 600 N. Grant St., early Wednesday and climbed a microwave tower, cutting
copper wire from the tower.

Anyone with information can contact Waynesboro Police at 762-2131.

- Antrim Township

ACCIDENT: Daniel S. Porter, 39, Chambersburg, suffered minor injuries in a
one-vehicle accident Thursday afternoon on Williamson Road, according to
Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg.

Police said Porter's 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee was traveling north at 1:40 p.m.
when he lost control of the vehicle while going around a curve. Police said the
Jeep struck an embankment and overturned.

Porter was transported to Washington County Hospital, Hagerstown, Md., where he
was treated and released. Police said the driver was cited for failing to wear a
seat belt, driving too fast for conditions and failure to drive without a valid
license.

(Incident No. H03-1788470)

- Shippensburg

PUBLIC DRUNKENNESS: Immanuel Kharigub, no age or address provided, was arrested
by Shippensburg Police for public drunkenness Friday at 3:25 a.m. in the 100
block of S. Earl Street.

(Incident No. SP-2008-3775)

- Southampton Township, Cumberland County

ACCIDENT: A Shippensburg man was taken to Chambersburg Hospital with major
injuries following a crash Thursday afternoon, according to Pennsylvania State
Police, Carlisle.

Police said Stanley Rickrode, 68, was traveling west on Walnut Dale Road in
Southampton Township, Cumberland County, Thursday around 3 p.m. when a car
driven by Summer Cassell, 27, Shippensburg, veered into the westbound lane and
struck Rickrode's car.

Police said Rickrode was not wearing a seat belt. Cassell was wearing a seat
belt. Cassell did not suffer any injuries.

- Brush Creek Township, Fulton County

WANTED PERSON: A Pittsburgh man wanted by police was apprehended during a
traffic stop earlier this week, police said.

Joshua Paul Winczner, 27, was arrested Tuesday afternoon during a traffic stop
on Interstate 70 in Brush Creek Township, Pennsylvania State Police,
McConnellsburg, said today. Winczner was arraigned before Magisterial District
Judge Devin Horne on fugitive from justice charges.

Additional details were not immediately available. Police said an investigation
is ongoing.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 14, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

STUDY SAYS DRUGS INFLUENCE CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR

BYLINE: By DOROTHY J. GAITER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 57, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 704 words


A behavioral scientist who has observed more than 200 acts of felony in
Manhattan over the last two years says he has proved an assumption he set out to
test: that people who commit crimes while under the influence of drugs behave
differently from those who commit the same crime while not under the influence
of drugs.

The scientist, Dr. Lance L. Simpson, teaches psychopharmacology at the Columbia
University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He said in a recent interview
that the most striking difference he had found was that people under the
influence of a narcotic spent less time stalking their victims and surveying the
crime sites.
This led him to hypothesize that their crimes are most likely cr imes of
opportunity, not design, that they have difficulty co nceptualizing the crimes,
but are able to accomplish them by takingad vantage of the vulnerable. He also
concluded that in some instancesth eir drug use might make them more vulnerable
to capture.

The first part of the research deals with 100 acts of larceny, the wrongful
taking of property from a person. Forty-two of the larcenies were committed by
people who were under the influence of psychoactive drugs - 23 had used alcohol;
11, opiates; 3 had used cocaine and 1 had used marijuana. Four had used several
drugs immediately before the crime. ''Some control offenders had not previously
been arrested,'' he said, '' but every offender under the influence of a
narcotic had been previously arrested.''

A Difference in Marijuana Users

Dr. Simpson found ''one gigantic mismatch'' in his research, and that was in the
use of marijuana. ''Lots used marijuana, but only a tiny fraction committed
crimes while under the influence of marijuana,'' he said.

To conduct his research, Dr. Simpson, who is 37 years old, accompanied members
of the New York City Street Crimes Unit on their rounds in five precincts in
Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens. After the arrests, Dr. Simpson asked the
suspects if they would participate in his research. If they signed a consent
form, blood and urine samples were taken and the suspects were interviewed.

The origins and outcomes of crimes have been studied many times, but not the act
of crime itself, the behaviors that surround the crime, he said. Primarily, this
has been because it has been difficult to witness repeated acts of crime.

Dr. Simpson said his project was the first in which predatory crimes -robberies,
assaults and larcenies - are the focus of the research, and in which both the
number and nature of the observations make it possible to draw detailed
behavioral profiles of crime. These profiles, in addition to their own
''inherent value,'' he said, will be ''powerful research tools for measuring and
analyzing the factors that influence the acts of crime.''

Image Called a Myth

The image of the ''drug-crazed criminal,'' a normal law-abiding person who takes
a drug and runs out and commits a crime, is ''a historical myth, a blight on the
medical profession'' that allowed the myth to be used by politicians to enact
laws, he said.

''There does not exist any drug that can act on receptors in the brain and in
doing so cause an act of cri me,'' he said. However, Dr. Simpson said, he
believes that narcotics might induce larceny in the same sense th at alcohol
induces assault - that is, narcotics might diminish an e xperienced offender's
inhibitions against committing a crime.

Dr. Simpson said his research supported other crime studies that have concluded
that ''persons who commit acts of crime are highly likely to be drug users;
persons who use drugs are highly likely to have used or abused more than one
illicit substance; when a person commits an act of crime under the influence of
a drug, the substance most likely to be involved is alcohol, and when a person
commits a crime while under the influence of a drug other than alcohol, that
substance most likely is a narcotic.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 2, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Natives play role in U.S. election

BYLINE: Doug Cuthand, The Leader-Post

SECTION: CITY & PROVINCE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 756  words


Wealth means political influence in the United States, and the new wealth coming
in from the gaming industry is making some tribes wealthy.

While small in numbers, the influence of Native Americans is being felt with
increasing strength as we head into the U.S. presidential election.

Republican candidate John McCain has a long history with Native Americans.

He sat on the U.S. Senate's Indian Affairs committee for about two decades and
served as its chair in 2005-06. According to some leaders, McCain spent more
time on regulations for Indian casinos and not enough on health care and other
pressing social issues.

According to J. Kurt Luger, executive director of the Great Plains Indian gaming
association, McCain had no major victories to claim during his tenure as its
chair. "He put forward a piece of legislation that would have added more
burdensome regulation to our gaming industry at a time when our federal funding
was at its lowest point," notes Luger.

But McCain has refused to accept campaign donations from tribal governments,
saying they should be spending their money on meeting the needs of Native
Americans, not those of politicians.

The Barack Obama campaign, however, is accepting tribal donations.

The situation of Native Americans is much different from that of Native
Canadians.

In Canada's North, we have a number of seats where the aboriginal vote can
decide the outcome. As a result, all the major parties have been able to include
aboriginal members in their caucuses.

Native Americans in the U.S. number 4.5 million, or less than 1.5 per cent of
the general population. Their numbers are bigger overall, but their presence is
less of a factor than in that of native Candians.

Two Native Americans have been elected to Congress so far. Republican Benjamin
Reifel, a Sioux from Rosebud, S.D., served in the House of Representatives from
1961 to 1971. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, a Cheyenne from Colorado, ran on the
Democratic ticket and was elected to the House in 1986 and the Senate in 1992.
Senator Daniel Akaka, a Polynesian from Hawaii, is the only Native American in
Congress today.

Aboriginals don't constitute a majority in any state. The closest they come is
in Alaska, where they make up 16.6 per cent of the population.

New Mexico is considered a swing state, where Native Americans, who constitute
9.5 per cent of the population, could decide the outcome in the state. Two other
states with sizable Native American populations are Oklahoma, at 10.2 per cent,
and South Dakota, with seven per cent of its population Native American.

The Indigenous Democratic Network, an organization that recruits Natives to run
for local, state and national office has identified Arizona, Michigan,
Minnesota, Nevada, Washington and Wisconsin as other states where Native voters
could matter in a close election.

Native Americans tend to vote Democrat, much like the First Nations in Canada
who tend to vote Liberal or NDP. As a result, the conservative candidates tend
to overlook First Nations issues or, as with the case with the former Reform
Party, openly attack First Nations leaders in order to gain the redneck vote.

McCain has the backing of some of the tribes in his home state of Arizona, and
many Native Americans hold his military record in high regard.

Meanwhile, Obama has held meetings with Native American leaders, placed campaign
offices on reservations and advertised in the Navajo language.

The Native American landscape has changed tremendously over the past couple of
decades. Some tribes have been able to capitalize on casino revenue by owning
and operating a wide variety of businesses. Others have less access to markets
and have languished in poverty.

According to the National Congress of American Indians, there is a great deal of
disparity when it comes to health care.

Native Americans have an infant mortality rate that is 150 per cent higher than
that for other Americans. Their Type 2 diabetes rate is 2.5 times greater, and
their life expectancy is five years less than that of the general U.S.
population. There is an estimated $3-billion backlog in construction and repair
of Indian health facilities, but the government has allocated $15.8 million.

The Native American vote in this year's election cannot be taken for granted by
anyone or any party. Tribes with newly acquired wealth will support candidates
with donations and become more involved with the process. Some will be drawn to
Obama's message for change while others will be happy with the status quo.

- Cuthand is a Saskatoon writer.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             August 29, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Wealth of tribes factor in U.S. presidential politics

BYLINE: Doug Cuthand, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Doug Cuthand; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 761  words


Wealth means political influence in the United States, and the new wealth coming
in from the gaming industry is making some tribes wealthy.

While small in numbers, the influence of Native Americans is being felt with
increasing strength as we head into the U.S. presidential election.

Republican candidate John McCain has a long history with Native Americans.

He sat on the U.S. Senate's Indian Affairs committee for about two decades and
served as its chair in 2005-06. According to some leaders, McCain spent more
time on regulations for Indian casinos and not enough on health care and other
pressing social issues.

According to J. Kurt Luger, executive director of the Great Plains Indian gaming
association, McCain had no major victories to claim during his tenure as its
chair. "He put forward a piece of legislation that would have added more
burdensome regulation to our gaming industry at a time when our federal funding
was at its lowest point," notes Luger.

But McCain has refused to accept campaign donations from tribal governments,
saying they should be spending their money on meeting the needs of Native
Americans, not those of politicians.

The Barack Obama campaign, however, is accepting tribal donations.

The situation of Native Americans is much different from that of Native
Canadians.

In Canada's North, we have a number of seats where the aboriginal vote can
decide the outcome. As a result, all the major parties have been able to include
aboriginal members in their caucuses.

Native Americans in the U.S. number 4.5 million, or less than 1.5 per cent of
the general population. Their numbers are bigger overall, but their presence is
less of a factor than in that of native Candians.

Two Native Americans have been elected to Congress so far. Republican Benjamin
Reifel, a Sioux from Rosebud, S.D., served in the House of Representatives from
1961 to 1971. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, a Cheyenne from Colorado, ran on the
Democratic ticket and was elected to the House in 1986 and the Senate in 1992.
Senator Daniel Akaka, a Polynesian from Hawaii, is the only Native American in
Congress today.

Aboriginals don't constitute a majority in any state. The closest they come is
in Alaska, where they make up 16.6 per cent of the population. New Mexico is
considered a swing state, where Native Americans, who constitute 9.5 per cent of
the population, could decide the outcome in the state. Two other states with
sizable Native American populations are Oklahoma, at 10.2 per cent, and South
Dakota, with seven per cent of its population Native American.

The Indigenous Democratic Network, an organization that recruits Natives to run
for local, state and national office has identified Arizona, Michigan,
Minnesota, Nevada, Washington and Wisconsin as other states where Native voters
could matter in a close election.

Native Americans tend to vote Democrat, much like the First Nations in Canada
that tend to vote Liberal or NDP. As a result, the conservative candidates tend
to overlook First Nations issues or, as with the case with the former Reform
Party, openly attack First Nations leaders in order to gain the redneck vote.

McCain has the backing of some of the tribes in his home state of Arizona, and
many Native Americans hold his military record in high regard.

Meanwhile, Obama has held meetings with Native American leaders, placed campaign
offices on reservations and advertised in the Navajo language. He also released
a Native American policy platform a year ago.

The Native American landscape has changed tremendously over the past couple of
decades. Some tribes have been able to capitalize on casino revenue by owning
and operating a wide variety of businesses. Others have less access to markets
and have languished in poverty.

According to the National Congress of American Indians, there is a great deal of
disparity when it comes to health care.

Native Americans have an infant mortality rate that is 150 per cent higher than
that for other Americans.

Their Type 2 diabetes rate is 2.5 times greater, and their life expectancy is
five years less than that of the general U.S. population. There is an estimated
$3-billion backlog in construction and repair of Indian health facilities, but
the government has allocated $15.8 million.

The Native American vote in this year's election cannot be taken for granted by
anyone or any party. Tribes with newly acquired wealth will support candidates
with donations and become more involved with the process. Some will be drawn to
Obama's message for change while others will be happy with the status quo.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 BBC Monitoring Former Soviet Union - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Russian pundit sees "fakes" in US election hacking report

LENGTH: 1064 words


Text of report by the website of pro-government Russian newspaper Izvestia on 11
January

[Article by Russian political commentator Vladimir Bruter, dismissing the US
intelligence report on Russian efforts to influence the outcome of the US
presidential election: "Report Based on Five Fakes"]

The US intelligence report on alleged Russian hacking attacks on political
institutions in Washington is based on five fakes.

All of them are well known both within the American intelligence community and
among American political analysts and experts.

Essentially, this fact alone completely devalues the report, turning it into yet
another propaganda publication. It is hardly accidental that the National
Security Agency, the United States' largest intelligence service, has
effectively disagreed with the assertion in the report that "Putin and the
Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump by,
wherever possible, discrediting Secretary of State Clinton and presenting her in
an unfavourable light." While "the CIA and the FBI have high confidence in this
judgment," the NSA has moderate confidence, the report says.

So, what are the fakes on which this "analytical" document is based?

Fake One: Russia actively interferes on the American media scene.

In reality, Russia is simply not present on the US media scene. The report
figures concerning the growing audience of the Russia Today television channel
could be misleading because the RT [Russia Today] ratings, despite their growth,
are very small compared with those of American channels. RT's influence on the
American electorate is insignificant. Under such conditions, it is simply
impossible to influence the election process and results, which is something the
authors of the report know full well.

Fake Two: Russian interference affected the election results.

In reality, the entire election campaign had minimum influence on the outcome of
the election. The number of votes won by either of the main candidates was close
to what had been expected, which means that there was not and could not have
been any special influence from external forces. Clinton certainly did not lose
because of "the machinations of an external enemy," but because she failed
abysmally in a number of key states which the Democrats had not lost for more
than two decades, such as Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. The
reason for Clinton's defeat in the Midwest, the so-called Rust Belt, certainly
does not lie in the Kremlin's intrigues, but in the complex economic situation
in this manufacturing region of the United States. This region is home to people
who are, more than others, dissatisfied with the sway of globalization and the
virtual economy. They do not watch RT, do not read Russian newspapers in the
morning, and do not even know very well who Putin is.

Fake Three: There is a pro-Russian lobby in the United States, which influenced
the election results. That is not the case. Russia does not have structures that
can influence elections in the United States.

We do not have lobbyists in the United States, pro-Russian NGOs, or agents of
influence in the American political or even expert elite. There is not a single
member of Congress who would, in a consistent and principled manner, call for
change in American-Russian relations. A legitimate question arises: "How and
through whom does Russia wield its influence?" Talk about online communities
cannot be serious.

Fake Four: There is a link between the Russian information campaign and the
number of votes cast for Trump.

Yet there is no proven link between the Trump vote and "pro-Russian" sympathies.
In general, if anything, Democrats are better disposed towards Russia than
Republicans. Moreover, according to sociological observations, voters who
decided the outcome of the election never regarded relations with Russia as a
priority. They are generally uninterested in foreign policy. What is most
important to them is jobs and stability. Russia cannot influence these people in
any way.

Fake Five: The authors of the report consciously mix up Russia's intention to
convey its position to the Western community with some kind of results of
Russian propaganda work. This is akin to arguing that the Voice of America
destroyed the USSR. Such statements are demeaning, above all, for those making
them.

Have Russian TV and hackers really defeated Clinton? Neither the CIA nor the FBI
believes this. Then, why talk about this all the time with a perseverance that
is worthy of better use?

There are three main reasons for that.

First, before leaving, the outgoing administration wants to spoil relations with
Russia to such an extent that Trump ([Rex] Tillerson, [Henry] Kissinger) will
find it extremely hard to improve them in the short term.

Second, the establishment wants to restrict Trump's freedom of action as much as
possible. Effectively, they keep trying to force him to admit that his victory
came as a result of the work of the semi-mythical, yet omnipotent, KGB, so that
he delegitimizes himself even prior to him taking office.

And, finally, the third reason: On the part of the CIA and the FBI, this is a
certain "staircase wit" -- a petty and late attempt to retaliate after the main
battle has already been lost. This happened, among other things, through the
fault of intelligence services, who were well aware of the fact that Clinton's
previous "mistakes" actually made her unfit to run in the election. Suffice it
to remember, for example, passages about information on Clinton, which
intelligence services had tried to hide, being made public with the help of
hackers. We can only ask the question: "Why did they try to hide this, and how
is this compatible with democratic elections in a democratic country?"

What should Russia do in response? The answer is very simple: Nothing. The
Democrats' reign has ended. It has ended ingloriously, so there is no point in
remembering it anymore. That is how politics differs from history.

The main thing now is the future, so let us hope that the new US Administration
will find the strength to erase the absurd and senseless acts characteristic of
the outgoing administration. Russia is prepared to facilitate this, but, in
doing so, it will always bear in mind its interests and protect them.

It will do so painstakingly, consistently, and carefully.

Source: Izvestia website in Russian 11 Jan 17

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2017 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

How Dixie rules primaries

SECTION: OPINION; 13

LENGTH: 604 words


Today's Super Tuesday primaries underscore how super Southern our presidential
nominating process has become. This makes our way of picking standard-bearers
unrepresentative of the country as a whole. In particular, it sharply reduces
the influence of the great American Midwest even though the region's states are
among the most important general-election battlegrounds.

Southernization is a special problem for Republicans because their Southern
supporters tend to be far more socially conservative than the rest of the party
or the country. Southern politics is also more deeply polarized around race,
giving backlash candidates a leg up. The GOP's slide rightward creates electoral
difficulties for it in presidential elections and is the central factor in
Washington's inability to find consensus on much of anything.

True, the whole carnival starts in Iowa, which is as Midwestern as you can get.
But the caucus system gives more conservative Iowa Republicans an outsized
influence because white evangelicals play a disproportionate role in what is a
relatively low-turnout contest.

It is to the evangelicals' credit as democratic citizens that they organize,
mobilize and participate. But their civic virtuousness only makes the final
result less reflective of opinion in the party, in Iowa itself and elsewhere.

New Hampshire comes next, and its voters frequently reach verdicts at odds with
those Iowa renders. This means that South Carolina often plays a tie-breaking
role on the GOP side. Talk about shifting the dialogue right: The site of the
opening skirmish of the Civil War is not only one of the most conservative
states in the nation; it is also one of our most racially divided polities.

All of 1 percent of this year's Palmetto State Republican primary voters were
African-American, according to the network exit poll -- yes, 1 percent. Some 96
percent were white.

The matter of diversity is why the Southernized process is less problematic for
Democrats. Having the South vote early is one way to guarantee that the
Democratic Party's large and loyal African-American constituency gets to play a
significant role in choosing a nominee -- as it did in Saturday's South Carolina
Democratic primary between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

Pushing Nevada's voting dates up has diversified the calendar a bit, but now we
confront Super Tuesday. It includes primaries in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia,
Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Yes, this Southern-fried,
hickory-smoked mix is leavened by primaries in Massachusetts and Vermont,
caucuses in Colorado and Minnesota, and, on the Republican side, a "preference
poll" in Alaska. But there's a reason why the day is often called the "SEC
primary," after the Southeastern college sports conference.

The Dixiefied calendar is now an issue in Republican presidential maneuvering,
with the possibility that the Midwest would be further disenfranchised.
Republican honchos may have presided over a party that "brought to life" and
"fed" the "Frankenstein monster" they see in Donald Trump, as Robert Kagan wrote
in The Washington Post recently. Never mind. The feckless establishmentarians
now have the temerity to tell Ohio Gov. John Kasich that he should do his part
in their belated anti-Trump operation by dropping out in support of Florida Sen.
Marco Rubio.

High-minded thinkers regularly bemoan the sharp polarization of American
politics and wring hands earnestly over why this has come to pass. One of the
principal causes is the Southernization of Abraham Lincoln's party, and our
primary process only makes it harder for those who would reverse the trend.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Keith Richards: Under the Influence launches on netflix

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 440 words


Ready to drive through the crossroads with the devil himself? Directed by Morgan
Neville (20 Feet From Stardom), Keith Richards: Under the Influence begins
streaming on Netflix today.

The death-defying Rolling Stones guitarist takes viewers on a road trip across
America, celebrating musical legends and personal influences, including Buddy
Guy, Muddy Waters and Howlin' Wolf. We visit the home of Chess Records in
Chicago and recording studios in Nashville and New York. Richards, whose voice
still sounds like he was born with a three-pack-a-day habit, is joined by good
friend and collaborator Tom Waits, another figure with a clearly distinctive
delivery.

As a film, Influence looks backward and forward. It is, after all, a promotion
for the music Richards is still producing when the Rolling Stones are on break
from their extensive touring schedule. He is busy for a 71-year-old who everyone
assumed would die 40 years ago.

Viewers looking to binge on their own rock 'n' roll double feature would do well
to pair Influence with the acclaimed 2012 documentary Beware of Mr. Baker, also
streaming on Netflix. Directed by Jay Bulger, it profiles drummer Ginger Baker
of Cream and Blind Faith fame. Not unlike his contemporary Keith Richards, Baker
has long been considered an improbable rock survivor, a man who outlived
dangerous habits and a reputation for iconoclastic excess.

Also of interest is Sound Tracks (8 p.m., PBS). This film, narrated by the E
Street Band's Steven Van Zandt (The Sopranos, Lilyhammer), introduces viewers to
Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum.

Tonight's other highlights

Holmes' sponsor disappears on Elementary (9 p.m., CBS, r).

Reese Witherspoon appears on Best Time Ever With Neil Patrick Harris (9 p.m.,
NBC, r).

The Ogre remains at large on a two-hour helping of Gotham (9 p.m., Fox, r).

GoPro founder Nick Woodman appears on Shark Tank (10 p.m., ABC, r).

A family member is targeted on Blue Bloods (11 p.m., CBS, r).

Cult choice

Abbott and Costello and the Andrews Sisters star in the 1941 service comedy Buck
Privates (10:45 p.m., TCM), featuring the song "Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy,"
re-popularized by Bette Midler in the 1970s.

Series notes

Patricia Richardson (Home Improvement) guest-stars on Last Man Standing (9 p.m.,
ABC, r) ... Dean Cain hosts Masters of Illusion (9 p.m., CW) ... A look at the
new season on the ABC Fall Preview Special (9:30 p.m., r) ... Vernon Davis
appears on Whose Line Is It Anyway? (9:30 p.m., CW, r).

A nuke scare puts wedding rehearsals on hold on Hawaii Five-0 (10 p.m., CBS, r)
... A two-hour Dateline (10 p.m., NBC) !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Times &; Transcript
(Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

New Jersey: Former NFL Tampa Bay lineman Desmond Wynn arrested in Pennsville for
DUI, police say

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Cumberland County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news
release:

Former NFL lineman with Tampa Bay Buccaneers Desmond D. Wynn was arrested early
Friday morning and charged with driving while under the influence, Pennsville
Police said.

Wynn, 25, of Dover, Delaware, was driving down South Broadway when he was
stopped for a motor vehicle violation at 2 a.m. near First Street, when police
suspected him to be under the influence, according to authorities.

As a result of the motor vehicle stop, Wynn was also found in possession of a
.38 caliber handgun, marijuana, and Hollow Point ammunition, police said.

Wynn, who is no longer with the NFL, owns a business in Delaware, and stated
that he forgot to take the gun out of his car, according to authorities.

Wynn was also an offensive lineman for Rutgers.

It is unclear why Wynn was in Pennsville when he was pulled over. Police are
currently investigating whether or not Wynn has proper permits.

Wynn was charged with possession of a weapon for unlawful purpose, possession of
ammunition, possession of CDS (marijuana), possession of an open container and
driving while under the influence, police said.

Wynn was processed and released after posting $10,000 bail. Further court action
is pending.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Herman: Situations influence OSU's play calling

BYLINE: Jim Naveau, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 680 words


Nov. 13--COLUMBUS -- After a double overtime win over Penn State and a 35-21
loss to Virginia Tech, Ohio State's coaches heard some criticism for being too
conservative in their play calling.

There wasn't much that could be called conservative in the Buckeyes' offense in
a 49-37 win over Michigan State last Saturday night, though.

Offensive coordinator Tom Herman addressed the topic of what went into the
decision to dial up the level of aggressiveness earlier this week as OSU
prepared to play Minnesota and its ball control, run-dominated offense.

"I think our mantra for the week was we were going to empty the chamber. We were
going to be aggressive," Herman said. "We knew they were one of the top five
offenses in the country. We had to do our part, too. We couldn't just roll in
there and win the game 17-16.

"The management of that game dictated that we be very aggressive. It's a matter
of who we're playing and how we have to manage a game to get the win," he said.
"It's more about this is who we're playing, this is how we have to manage the
game in order to come out with a win. You have to balance all of the different
facets of the equation to come out with a win."

One of many plays that worked for OSU was the same quarterback sweep on which
Braxton Miller was stopped short on 4th -- down-and-2 in the fourth quarter of a
34-24 loss to Michigan State in the Big Ten championship game last season.

Quarterback J.T. Barrett scored Ohio State's first touchdown on a 5-yard run on
that play last Saturday night.

"It was what was available to us based on their defensive alignment. We just
happened to execute it better. We did score two touchdowns on it in that game
last year so it's not like that play has been doomed to fail," Herman said.

"Revenge? You don't get that one back in Indianapolis last year. You just get to
play this year," he said.

NOTES:

SNOW REMOVAL: Minneapolis dodged the heavy snow that deposited as much as 16
inches of snow some places in northern Minnesota on Monday, but operators of TCF
Bank Stadium, where Ohio State will play Minnesota on Saturday, were advertising
on Wednesday for people to shovel snow out of the seating areas.

Minneapolis got 2 to 3 inches of snow. Ads for snow shovelers offered $10 an
hour to anyone over the age of 18.

The predicted high temperature on Saturday is 28 degrees with the possibility of
snow showers.

RECRUITING NEWS: Offensive tackle Branden Bowen (Draper, Utah, Corner Canyon)
took back a verbal commitment to Utah on Tuesday, which led to speculation Ohio
State could have changed his mind during a visit on Nov. 1 when the Buckeyes
played Illinois.

The 6-foot, 7-inch, 320-pound Bowen is rated a 4-star recruit by ESPN.com. He
has offers from BYU, Boise State, Oregon State and others.

ACCELERATED DEVELOPMENT: The change in Ohio State quarterback J.T. Barrett from
the beginning of the season to now is obvious even from a distance.

Minnesota coach Jerry Kill talked about it at his weekly press conference.

"They've gone a great job of developing that young man from the start to where
he is now," Kill said. "This kid's on fire now."

Herman said he wouldn't use the word surprised that Barrett (2,156 yards
passing, 26 touchdowns) has done what he has. But how quickly Barrett has risen
to that level might be "mildly surprising," the OSU offensive coordinator said.

"You don't have to be a coach to see it. You turn on your TV and watch J.T. play
Navy or Virginia Tech or even Kent State versus playing against Michigan State
and it's a different guy," he said.

HISTORY LESSON: This is the first time since 1967 Minnesota has beaten Michigan
and Iowa in the same season.

The Gophers won 51-14 over Iowa last week after beating Michigan 30-14 on Sept.
27.

Maybe the greater significance of the 1967 season for Minnesota is that it tied
for the Big Ten championship that year and that was its last Big Ten football
title.

Contact Jim Naveau at 419-993-2087 or on Twitter at @Lima_Naveau.

___ (c)2014 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-LM-Herman-Situations-influence-OSU-s-play-calling-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2014 The Lima News


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

CHP: Driver in fatal Highway 121 head-on crash suspected under the influence

BYLINE: Randi Rossmann, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 318 words


Oct. 30--A fatal crash Tuesday evening south of Sonoma involved an impaired
driver who lost control of his Jaguar after he was passing other drivers, the
CHP said.

A 26-year-old passenger with driver Damodar Chandradas, 25, died in the crash.
His name wasn't released by the CHP.

Chandradas was suspected of driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs and
was arrested, said CHP Officer Anna Paulson. Due to his major injuries he was
released for medical treatment.

He'd been headed south on Highway 121 toward Highway 37 at about 7 p.m. when the
crash happened. Chandradas was driving a 1997 four-door Jaguar.

Witnesses told CHP officers that just before the crash the driver had been
passing southbound traffic by moving into the northbound lane and veering back
into his lane.

Near Meadowlark Lane, while heading back into his lane, the Jaguar moved too far
over and veered onto the shoulder.

The driver then swung back across his lane and continued into the opposite lane,
in front of an oncoming 1994 Toyota Corolla.

The two collided, sending the vehicles spinning out of control.

The front of the Corolla, driven by a Greenbrae man with a 5-year-old girl in
the back seat, hit the sports car on the passenger side.

The passenger died in the collision.

Chandradas was flown by medical helicopter to Queen of the Valley Hospital in
Napa.

Corolla driver Gustavo Adolfo Mejia, 26, and the little girl, who wasn't
identified, suffered major injuries.

She was flown by another medical helicopter to Oakland Children's Hospital.
Mejia went by ambulance to the Napa hospital.

Traffic was filtered around the crash for about two hours to allow for the
investigation.

Because the crash occurred after the evening commute traffic delays were
minimal, said Paulson.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131030-UR-CHP-Driver-in-fatal-Highway-121-head-on-crash-suspected-under-the-
influence-1030-20131030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday
                                  Mich Edition

'Piano Prince' exerts influence over Krown

BYLINE: JEFF HARRELL, South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 745 words


Joe Krown knows Booker.

James Booker. The Piano Prince of New Orleans. One of the most brilliant and
gifted musicians who ever graced a stage - and one of the most self-
destructive.

"Never met the man," Krown says.

But Krown knows Booker like the backs of both hands and every key on his piano
and Hammond B-3 organ, black and white.

Krown not only knows the influence of James Carroll Booker III - whose spidery
fingers left an indelible standard of unparalleled genius on the piano equaled
only by a mercuric, drug-riddled insanity that led to his death in 1983 - Krown
works it.

It's an influence carved deep into those maroon-tiled walls of uptown New
Orleans' Maple Leaf Bar, where patrons never knew whether Booker would dazzle
them with a stunning version of Chopin or drunkenly stumble through a few bars
of "Junco Partner" then throw up on his piano.

It's where New Orleans' own Krown and his own pair of Crescent City legends -
singer/guitarist Walter "Wolfman" Washington and drummer Russell Batiste Jr. -
perform regularly on Sundays.

"Before (Professor) Longhair, there was Champion Jack Dupree," Krown says. "Then
Longhair comes up with that syncopated sound and all of a sudden everyone wants
to play like that. I've talked to Dr. John and Allen Toussaint, and they wanted
to play like that.

"Then Booker comes along and he makes it funky in his own way.

When the Krown Washington Batiste Trio takes the stage Sunday at The Livery,
three of New Orleans' finest promise to bring the spirits of Booker, Professor
Longhair, Earl King, drummer Herman Ernest and a whole gumbo of funk, jazz and
blues that define the city that spawned American music.

"Everybody's a band leader in this trio, so you have to deal with that dynamic,"
Krown says of Washington, who made a name for himself with Johnny Adams and also
fronts his own band, The Roadmasters, and Batiste, the Funky Meters drummer
whose own family name is synonymous with such New Orleans music royalty as
"Neville" and "Marsalis."

"Everybody has to be able to follow and lead at the same time," Krown says.
"That goes throughout everything we do."

Born in New York City, Krown was barely settled in New Orleans in 1992 when he
landed a gig playing keyboards with Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown & Gate's Express.
Krown toured and recorded with Brown until the iconic multi-instrumentalist
bluesman's death in 2005.

In 1996, Krown assumed one of the most prestigious piano seats in New Orleans
when he took over the Traditional Piano Night slot at the Maple Leaf - the same
seat once occupied by Professor Longhair and Booker.

Krown released 9 solo record, "Just the Piano ? Just the Blues," in 1998.

A follow-up CD, "New Orleans Piano Rolls," was put out in 2003 as Krown's gig
calendar grew with steady work - both solo and with harmonica stalwart Jumpin'
Johnny Sansone.

It's what Krown loves best about New Orleans - the convenience of getting from
one gig to the next in minimal time.

"In this city," he says, "I have gigs where I finish at 8 o'clock and I'm
starting the next one at 8:30, and I don't miss a note."

Krown has also found time to appear in a couple of episodes of "Treme," the HBO
show centered on New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.

Going through Katrina solidified the native New Yorker's status as a
full-fledged New Orleans resident.

"I live in the 20 percent of the city that didn't flood," Krown says.

The Trio appeared at several venues in the city during this year's New Orleans
Jazz & Heritage Festival, and Krown was also seen working solo gigs during the
two-weekend festival.

No matter where he played, buzz centered on one name when Jazz Fest conversation
turned to New Orleans piano players.

"For some reason," Krown says, "there's a big interest in James Booker this
year."

The "reason" is a brand-new video documentary, "Bayou Maharajah: The Tragic
Genius of James Booker." Released in March, the film contains never-before-seen
footage, rare personal photos and exclusive interviews with people who did cross
paths with the man.

Krown may be too busy to catch the Booker flick anytime soon.

"I can't deal with all that," he says. "I just keep playing, playing my gigs,
learning."

In Concert

The Joe Krown Trio, with Walter "Wolfman" Washington and Russell Batiste Jr.,
performs at 9 p.m. Sunday at The Livery, 190 Fifth St., Benton Harbor. Tickets
are $15 in advance; $20 day of show. For more information, call 269-925-8760 or
visit the website liverybrew.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 28, 2008 Monday

More Crime Watch for 7/28/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 642 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Justin David Rodeheav er, 520 Fairview Drive, Hanover; PA Fish and Boat
Commission; rules and regulations; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; school law; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Seth Major Barnes, 37 Louvian Drive, Hanover; disorderly conduct; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Allison P. Ripple, 101 Oak St., Hanover; bad check; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Daniel Richard Minkie wicz, 6117 Birchwood Ave., Baltimore, Md.; PA Fish and
Boat Commission; possession, display of license; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Joshua Wayne Miller, 1114 Grandview Road, Hanover; liquor law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Jill Millman, 819 Bergen St., Philadelphia; harassment; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Michael Adam Szcepan ski, 524 Frederick St., Apt. 2, Hanover; criminal mischief;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Michael Adam Szcepan ski, 524 Frederick St., Apt. 2, Hanover; liquor law;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Bobbi Jo Wagaman, 7 W. Granger St., Hanover; parking in fire lane; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Bobbi Jo Wagaman, 7 W. Granger St., Hanover; wage tax; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Kaleigh Nicole Hill, 704 Baltimore St., Hanover; violate rules on Commonwealth
property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Joseph Schmidt Jr., 139 Fox Run Road, Hanover; public drunkenness; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; criminal mischief; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Corey Kenneth Mang, 2D Gingell Road, Fairfield; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
possession, display of license; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Aaron David Blake, 2700 Equestrian Drive; Codorus State Park rangers; rules and
regulations, conduct on PA property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Kwon Ho Son, 14613 Seasons D, Centerville; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
possession, display of license; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Scott Leroy McCotter, 441 Carlisle St., Hanover; simple assault, recklessly
endangering another person, criminal mischief, driving without a license; held
for court.

Tammy Lynn Williams, 405 E. Walnut St., Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, high rate of alcohol, period for requiring lighted lamps;
waived to court.

Kristopher C. Matsch, 844 Hartman Ave., Hanover; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver, intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia, driving without a
license -- driving under the influence related, operating vehicle without valid
inspection; held for court.

Dana Michelle Carter, 5914 Glennor Road, Baltimore, Md.; theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property, bad checks; waived to court.

Joshua Micajah Posey, 247 W. King St., Abbottstown; driving under the influence:
general impairment, high rate of alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Levere G. Masemer, 514 S. Franklin St., Hanover; simple assault; waived to
court.

Larry Frederick Lau, 45 Valley View Drive, Littlestown; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, careless driving; waived to court.

Melissa Nicole Doherty, 216A John St., Hanover; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; held for court.

Daniel Miles Dukes, 524 Frederick St., second floor, Hanover; intent to possess
controlled substance by person not registered, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia, driving under the influence: general impairment, driving under
the influence: controlled substance (sch I), driving under the influence:
controlled substance (sch II) driving under the influence: controlled substance,
driving under the influence: minors, liquor law, minor prohibited from operating
vehicle with alcohol; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           February 10, 2005 Thursday
                           Neighbors Central Edition

Woman charged with DUI after crash

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Police Beat; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 516  words


The following information was compiled from reports filed with the Daytona Beach
Police Department: A Port Orange police officer was investigating a missing
person case in the 600 block of Ridgewood Avenue when she heard an accident
involving four cars, police said. According to reports, the officer recalled the
license plate number to be that of one given over police radio earlier because
of an anonymous report of the driver possibly being intoxicated. Athena J.
Cunningham, 26, Wall Street, Port Orange, was charged Feb.

4 with driving under the influence and 3 counts of driving under the influence
with property damage. Bond was set at $2,000.*Police said a driver with a
history of driving with his license suspended was stopped Feb. 3 for running a
stop sign at Cedar and Seagrave. According to reports, the driver was stopped in
the Villas Apartments parking lot, 304 Maple Street and found to be in
possession of cocaine and marijuana. Ben Gibson Jr., 27, Jarecki Street, Holly
Hill, was charged Feb. 3 with habitual felony of driving with license suspended,
possession of less than 20 grams of marijuana and possession of cocaine. Bond
was set at $3,500.*Police said an intoxicated driver rear-ended another car Jan.
4 in the 1300 block of Richard Petty causing the driver of the other car to be
taken to Halifax Medical Center for non-life threatening injuries. John F. Hunt,
42, Burlington, Mass, was charged Feb. 4 with driving under the influence,
driving under the influence with personal injury and driving under the influence
with property damage. Bond was set at $1,500.*Richard A. Miller, 50, South
Atlantic Avenue, was stopped Feb. 3 at his residence and found to be wanted for
failure to appear in court to face charges for 6 counts of worthless checks and
released on his own recognizance.*Police said a man was found to have items
reported stolen from tractor trailers reported burglarized at Reads Van Service,
475 Fentress Blvd., after being stopped in the 400 block of Fentress Blvd., for
an inoperable license plate tag light. According to reports, the tools and
electronic equipment reported stolen were identified by the owner of the
property. Douglas William Clark, 42, New Port Richey, was charged Feb. 3 with
burglary of a conveyance. Bond was set at $1,000.*A man said he broke into a
womans car because he wanted a warm place to go, police said. According to
reports, the woman went out to the parking lot of Fuel, 640 N. Grandview Ave.,
and saw her car window was broken and a man standing next to it. When she
confronted the man about it, he ran and she chased after him until he tripped
and she screamed, alerting the parking lot security personnel. Police said a
cell phone, a pack of cigarettes and a lighter was taken from the vehicle and
found in the backpack the man was carrying. According to reports, $150 in damage
to the car was caused by a piece of concrete thrown through the window. Brian G.
Pierce, 20, transient, was charged Feb. 3 with burglary of a conveyance and
petit theft. Bond was set at $1,500. Compiled by correspondent Taylor Ashley

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 31, 2004 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

MILK PRICES BOOSTED BY INSIDE BUYER?

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO (AP)


Dairy farmers are being paid more for their milk -- and consumers are paying
more at the store -- thanks to a dairy industry insider's well-timed purchases
of cheddar cheese on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, according to a published
report.

Gary Hanman, chief executive of the Dairy Farmers of America, has manipulated
the obscure and essentially unregulated cheese exchange to keep cheese prices
from falling, which in turn means dairy farmers are paid more for their raw
milk, the Chicago Tribune reported in Thursday's editions.

By curbing cheese price drops several times this year, Hanman told a group of
dairy farmers in New York that Dairy Farmers of America added about $1.3 billion
to dairy farmers' milk checks, $278 million of which went to members of his
group.

The group is the nation's largest dairy cooperative, representing about 23,000
farmers.

Hanman would not discuss his strategy with the Tribune, but the paper obtained a
tape of a speech he gave in October to a group of dairy farmers in New York in
which Hanman talked about how his trades enriched dairy farmers.

"The Chicago Mercantile Exchange is the tide that moves all boats, up and down,"
he told the group. "As the market moves -- since that market is the basis on
which all people sell cheese -- if you can have a positive influence on that
market, you can have a positive influence on price."

Hanman did not return telephone calls seeking comment Thursday from The
Associated Press.

His strategy involves the cooperative's purchase of hundreds of truckloads of
cheddar at the exchange each year, timed to influence the price of cheese as
much as possible, the Tribune reported.

Though the amount of cheese purchased is relatively small, transactions at the
exchange help set the price of cheese and milk across the nation. So, if a buyer
can boost the price of cheddar cheese at the exchange, dairy farmers are paid
more for their raw milk, and those higher prices are in turn passed to milk
plants, then grocery stores and ultimately onto consumers.

"If you are a large cooperative and you are holding up the price of cheese, it
has huge implications for our economy because it affects the retail price of
milk," said Kenneth Bailey, a dairy economist at Penn State.

Critics say the dairy group's strategy raises questions about the integrity of
the system for pricing dairy products. When the system relies on factors other
than supply and demand, someone, whether it is the consumer, cheesemakers or
farmers, is "getting ripped off," said Ed Jesse, a dairy economist at the
University of Wisconsin-Madison.

"It's a situation that smells," he said.

But experts disagree on whether it is improper. Part of the problem is that the
cheese market does not fall under the jurisdiction of the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission or any other federal agency.

Some experts say the dairy group isn't doing anything illegal, since anyone with
enough money can do the same thing.

"Any single company is free under the antitrust laws to bid the exchange price
up or down as they please," said James Robert Nolin, a Los Angeles attorney who
specializes in antitrust law.

Yet some questioned whether the cooperative's buying had as much impact as
Hanman claimed.

"I think Gary's comments about raising the prices, they're certainly
self-serving," Bruce Marion, a retired University of Wisconsin dairy economist,
told the newspaper. "His business is in part to convince farmer members that
they are out there battling for them."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

A.J. Croce at The Guthrie Center: Plenty of tales to tell in song

BYLINE: By Derek Gentile, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 412 words


GREAT BARRINGTON -- Growing up, recalled A.J. Croce in a recent interview, the
influence of his legendary father, Jim Croce, wasn't an overwhelming element.

"I have to say, my decision to be a musician was just something that came
naturally," he said. "I knew I wanted to do it when I was very young. I started
playing for money when I was 12."

Croce was 2 when his famous dad died in 1973 in a plane crash, so there aren't
really any memories to savor.

His influences, as he admits, are "all over the map: Ray Charles, Elvis
Costello, Tom Waits. Country artists like Hank Williams and Woody Guthrie."

Not coincidentally, Croce will be performing Saturday evening at the Guthrie
Center. He's passed through the Berkshires several times, but this will be the
first time for him at the Guthrie.

"I have a standing invitation from [Guthrie Center manager] George Laye to stop
by whenever I'm in the area," said Croce. "I've wanted to play there for a
while. The last time I was in the Berkshires, I played at the Colonial Theatre.

"This was just a situation where the opportunity was there," said Croce. "I've
been to the Guthrie Center before. It's a great space. I think I'll enjoy it."

He is touring in support of his latest CD -- "Twelve Tales."

"In a way, it was like releasing six 45s," said Croce.

An apt metaphor. Six producers did two songs each on the disc. Croce
crisscrossed the country to connect with those six to work with them.

These included a session with "Cowboy" Jack Clement (who produced Johnny Cash
and Elvis Presley) and Mitchell Froom (Los Lobos, Crowded House) in Nashville;
Tony Berg (Bob Dylan) in Los Angeles; Allan Toussaint (Dr. John, Paul McCartney)
in New Orleans; Greg Cohen (Tom Waits) in New York City; and Kevin Killen (Peter
Gabriel) in Connecticut.

"It took about a year to put together," said Croce. "Those six guys were part of
a long list of producers I've wanted to work with. I was on tour, and they were
all very busy, so the biggest challenge was finding time to make it work."

Every producer brought something new to the table, said Croce.

"I was thrilled with the result," he said. "It worked out better than I
expected."

Croce will be playing songs from "Twelve Tales," as well as the rest of his
catalog. In addition, fans might hear a number or two from his famous dad.

"It depends," he said. "Maybe one or two. I never played any of his songs for
the first 20 years in my career. But I do now. I enjoy it, and I think the
audience does, too."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1188 words


Criminal sentencings

Judge James Stow

Barent M. Foley, 47, Coeur d'Alene; resisting or obstructing officers; $945
fine, three months probation.

Nicholas A. Misetich, 23, Coeur d'Alene; attempted petty theft; $300 fine, 10
days in jail or 20 hours community service.

Amanda K. Rose, 32, Post Falls; nonexcessive driving under the influence; $800
fine, one day in jail (credited), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year
probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Isaiah C. Hayes, 35, Post Falls; disturbing the peace; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), $100 reimbursement for defense, 90 days in jail (77 days suspended,
13 days credited), one year probation.

Patrick M. Sparr, 49, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (140 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 30 days discretionary jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

Dominic G. Poissant, 44, Regina, Saskatchewan; operating a watercraft under the
influence; $500 fine, 12 months probation.

Stephen P. Robison, 24, Coeur d'Alene; invalid driver's license, $500 fine, 30
days in jail or 40 hours county work program.

Shane A. Tipton, 37, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $300 fine, five
days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Joseph A. Thomas, 25, Spokane; driving under the influence; $800 fine, five days
in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension,
one year probation.

Mark V. Butler, 43, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended, one day credited) or 16 hours
county work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Judge Robert Burton

Timothy R. Bailey, 34, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: reckless driving; $400 fine ($200
suspended), $1,000 restitution, 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 40
hours county work program, two years probation. Count II: failure to notify upon
striking fixtures on highway; $300 fine.

Christine E. Morrow, 36, Hayden; careless driving; $800 fine, 90 days in jail
(88 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Robert A. Steady, 27, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: inattentive driving; five days in
jail or 40 hours county work program. Count II: failure to purchase or invalid
driver's license; one day in jail (credited).

Nathaniel W. Chenevert, 22, Post Falls; Count I: use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (80 days suspended,
one day credited) or 40 hours county work program, two years probation. Count
II: resisting or obstructing officers; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (80 days
suspended, one day credited) or 40 hours county work program, two years
probation.

Corianne J. Jones, 38, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $300 fine,
eight days in jail or 32 hours county work program.

Sara K. Kuehn, 25, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine, four
days in jail (one day credited) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge O. Lynn Brower

Jonathan D. Pietlicki, 22, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $700
fine, 365 days in jail (331 days suspended, one day credited), 30 days
discretionary jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Bradley S. Grafton, 24, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence, $800 fine,
four days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Steven M. Nagode, 54, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $500 fine ($200
suspended), 365 days in jail (345 days suspended), two years probation.

Civil complaints

Capital One Bank USA N.A. v. Bryson R. Adams, seeking $1,981.

LVNV Funding LLV v. Corrie Brantner, seeking $12,454.

Discover Bank v. John W. Robinson, seeking $3,123.

Hackney Airpack Inc. v. Vivienne M. Hess, seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Darcy C. Norquist and Chelcie M. Watson v. Jessica Malloy, seeking an amount to
be proved at trial.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Patrick Lagrimanta, seeking $1,175.

Dan Lambert v. Dale Rew, seeking $29,550.

Capital One Bank USA N.A. v. Laura A. Christiansen, seeking $2,375.

Hagadone Hospitality Co. v. Longwell and Trapp Architects PLLC and TW Clark
Construction LLC, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Midland Funding LLC v. Kay Poland, seeking $7,701.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Christopher Verbera and Krisdana L. Verbera, seeking
$13,327.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Dan Taylor and Jennifer Taylor, seeking $14,213.

Midland Funding LLC v. Calvin Nolan, seeking $3,459.

Midland Funding LLC v. Talia Melton, seeking $1,033.

Midland Funding LLC. v. Rousal Mahakam, seeking $1,352.

Midland Funding LLC v. Jennifer Kory, seeking $2,661.

Capital One Bank USA N.A. v. Katelyn R. Fields, seeking $5,266.

Capital One Bank USA N.A. v. Vanessa R. Newton, seeking $2,030.

Capital One Bank USA N.A. v. Gary Wood, seeking $2,044.

Capital One Bank USA N.A. v. Larry J. Porter, seeking $2,278.

Midland Funding LLC v. Colene Degroat, seeking $2,301.

Carlotta R. Lauder v. Carrie Farrell and Absolute LLC, seeking an amount to be
proved at trial.

Civil judgments

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Melanie Olson, plaintiff awarded $1,140.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jeffrey K. Hart and Laura Hart, plaintiff
awarded $1,101.

Coeur d'Alene Property Management Inc. v. Sheri M. Parker, plaintiff awarded
$5,107.

Springleaf Financial Services Inc. v. Taylor W. Riddle, plaintiff awarded
$2,018.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Michael Z. Guzman, plaintiff awarded
$1,011.

Peterson Enterprises Inc. dba Valley Empire Collection v. John M. Imhoff,
plaintiff awarded $2,198.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Dolores D. Case, plaintiff awarded $1,683.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Miranda L. Seig, plaintiff awarded $1,849.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. Venus L. Giandomenico, plaintiff awarded $1,707.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Nicole R. Stufflebeam, plaintiff awarded $2,521.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Mathew D. McPeak, plaintiff awarded $3,442.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Grace M. Cox, plaintiff awarded $2,757.

Peterson Enterprises Inc. dba Valley Empire Collection v. Keith E. Wylie,
plaintiff awarded $1,504.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Daniel E. Wilson, plaintiff awarded $5,471.

Sandra Kay v. Daniel R. Kruger, plaintiff awarded $2,831.

Donna L. Mancha v. Edward W. Hawley, plaintiff awarded $2,306.

Civil dismissals

Peterson Enterprises Inc. dba Valley Empire Collection v. Madison E. Rouse

Discover Bank v. Rebecca S. Fulwiler

James B. Nutter & Co. v. Rex A. Atkinson

Midland Funding LLC v. Steven Armstrong

Cavalry SPV I LLC v. Victoria A. Hill

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Becky L. Stephen

State of Idaho v. Michael J. Munson

Cavalry SPV I LLC v. Linda Sauer

Nathan P. Daniels v. John J. Dawson

Divorces sought

Barrett, James E. and Jamie L.

Divorces granted

Normington, Shawny L. and Jackson L.

McDonough, Jeanette and Sean

Martin, Cassidi, and Young, Colton

Evans, Brenda J. and William B. II

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Washington: NASA's Yvonne Pendleton Receives 2014 Women of Influence Award

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Aeronautics and Space Administration, The Government of USA has issued
the following news release:

Yvonne Pendleton, Director of NASA's Solar System Exploration Research Virtual
Institute (SSERVI) at NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, Calif.,
received the Silicon Valley Business Journal 2014 Women of Influence Award on
Friday, April 4, 2014.

The Silicon Valley Business Journal's Women of Influence award program shines
the spotlight on local businesswomen, community leaders and philanthropists who
are remaking Silicon Valley.

Yvonne Pendleton currently directs SSERVI, a virtual institute focused on solar
system science and exploration with an operational budget of $13 million per
year. It is based on the principle articulated by the late Mike Wargo, chief
scientist for human exploration, that "science enables exploration, and
exploration enables science."

From 2010-2013, she also served as the director of the NASA Lunar Science
Institute, which was based on the successful business model of the NASA
Astrobiology Institute (NAI).

From 2007-2008 she oversaw $1.2 billion in research and analysis programs from
NASA's four science divisions (astrophysics, planetary science, helio physics
and earth sciences), and led a team that managed the nearly $50 million
investments in Education and Public Outreach activities, including those from
NASA's science missions.

Yvonne Pendleton has contributed significantly to our understanding of the
origin and evolution of organic material in the universe. The International
Astronomical Union named Asteroid 7165 Pendleton after her. Since joining NASA
straight out of college in 1979, she has served in various other roles including
senior advisor for research and analysis programs for the Science Mission
Directorate at NASA Headquarters.

Dr. Pendleton Profile

Residence: Sunnyvale

Education: Georgia Institute of Technology; Under NASA sponsored programs, she
obtained a Master's Degree in Aeronautics and Astronautics from Stanford
University (1981) and a Ph.D. in Astrophysics from the University of California
at Santa Cruz (1987).

Boards/volunteer work/awards/other accolades: Competitively Selected for Federal
Government Senior Executive Service,2007-present; Elected Fellow, California
Academy of Sciences, 2003 Asteroid 7165 Pendleton named officially by the
International Astronomical Union, 1997; Volunteer at Hope's Kitchen, Mountain
View, Calif.

First job: NASA's Ames Research Center in 1979 to present. They hired me
straight out of Georgia Tech.

How did you get into your career? I was inspired by the Apollo program and fell
in love with NASA at age 10.

When I'm not working, I'm ... planning the next scuba diving adventure!

Biggest Whoops: Keeping people with negative attitudes in my life longer than
they deserved to be there.

Something about you that would surprise others: I yearn to be a volunteer diver
in the Monterey Bay Aquarium.

Five-year goal: To finish the murder mystery novel I started over a decade ago.

Business mentor/hero: Elon Musk.

Best advice received: Don't Settle.

Favorite gadget? Atomic Cobalt Dive computer.

Word that best describes you? Determined.

Favorite stress release: Yoga.

For more information please visit: http://www.nasa.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Washington: Search Influence Online Marketing

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: Washington


SCORE Association has issued the following news release:

Search Influence Online Marketing
More Sharing ServicesShare
Print
When
Aug 12, 2013
4:00pm - 7:00pm CDT
Location
Search Influence
8120 Oak St
New Orleans, LA 70118
Get Directions
Register
Overview

Search Influence is hosting a complimentary Google+ Local Claiming Workshop for
New Orleans small businesses to learn how to claim their listings on Google+ and
improve their overall website visibility! Our aim in hosting this workshop is
help our local businesses grow online.

Workshop Overview:

Understanding Google+ Local
 Overview of local results
 How to create a Google account
 How to create/claim your listing
 Google+ Local profile basics
 How to gain more local reviews
 Building your customer base
 Business listings review
 Website optimization tactics
 Additional industry insight
 Takeaway guide provided
 Open question/answer time

Click here to register and for the event agenda!

The largest online marketing firm on the Gulf Coast is providing a complimentary
Google+ Local Claiming Workshop training at the offices of Search Influence on
Oak St. in New Orleans.

This educational workshop will allow you to improve the overall visibility of
your website and gain more customers!

The workshop will be divided into 2 sessions in order to accommodate your
availability.

Please register for one session and remember to bring you own personal laptop!

For more information please visit: http://www.score.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

Edwards a 'great influence' on Foles

BYLINE: Steve Patton, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 498 words


Dec. 12--PHILADELPHIA -- Trent Edwards hasn't made it on to the field this
season for the Philadelphia Eagles, but he has played an important role for the
team.

That's why Edwards, the team's No. 3 quarterback and a mentor to Nick Foles,
couldn't help but be excited as he watched the rookie quarterback lead the
Eagles to a pair of touchdowns in the final minutes at Tampa Sunday, the second
one a game-winning pass on the final play.

"I don't want to say 'proud father,' but I've been with him for six months now,"
said Edwards, who was a friend of Foles before the team drafted him. "To have it
kind of come together in one moment right there, where it's the last play of the
game, he came to the sideline, called the play and then executes the play and we
walk off that field with a win. you just feel happy, proud; there's a variety of
adjectives I could give you. I was just happy that we won and I was happy for
Nick."

Edwards, 29, hasn't played in a game since 2011 with Jacksonville. But he's been
a starter in 33 of his 37 career games, including nine as a rookie in Buffalo in
2007. The Eagles signed him in February after he had sat out all of 2011, and
the Eagles kept him ahead of Mike Kafka as the No. 3 QB behind Michael Vick and
Foles.

"I think he's a great influence for him," said head coach Andy Reid. "I think
Trent has seen a lot of things and has seen the highs and lows of this game.
He's a brilliant kid and very, very intelligent. When Nick is here, Trent is
here. They do all of this stuff together.

"I just think it's been a real positive for him in terms of understanding the
game, not only schematically but the game as a whole with the media and the
attention and everything that comes with that."

Foles, whose performance in the 23-21 win over Tampa Bay was his best since
taking over for Vick, said Edwards' advice about how to handle the demands of
being an NFL quarterback was simple.

"I think the big thing is just always be who you are," said Foles. "I'm going to
tell you how I feel. I just think you just stay true to who you are as a person,
and that's what Trent's really talked to me about."

Edwards said he knew right away that he would try to help Foles adjust to the
NFL, but said he's also gained from the relationship.

"The way I've always approached it is he's my teammate, he's my friend, he plays
the same position, I've been in his position before," said Edwards. "I've said
from day one that I've felt like by helping him I'm becoming a better football
player and it helps me prepare better, too, if I have to get in there.

"It's a two-way street. I'm learning a lot from him with the throws that he
makes or the conversations we have. I didn't really have that as a rookie, and
I've tried to implement that into our relationship right now."

Contact Steve Patton: 610-371-5097 or spatton@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121212-RE-Edwards-a-great-influence-on-Foles-1212-20121212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

Crime Watch for 06/13/2012

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


District Judge Scott E. Laird's office covers York Township, Dallastown and Yoe.

DISPOSITIONS

Tiffany Barnes, 953 Seaks Run Road, Glen Rock; driving under the influence,
possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Pierce Trusty, 1915 E. Hoffman St., Baltimore, Md.; burglary (16 counts),
criminal trespass (16 counts), theft by unlawful taking (15 counts); held for
court.

Eric Kissinger, 119 Royal Court @ Waterford; driving under the influence; waived
to court.

Shawn Huber, 80 Fair Acres Drive; driving under the influence, make
repairs/sell/etc. offensive weapons; waived to court.

Robert Bratcher, 200 S. Duke St.; simple assault, harassment, aggravated
assault; held for court.

Jenae Green, 814 Cedar Village Drive; bad check; pleaded guilty.

Carmen Rios, 530 Jessop Place; harassment; pleaded guilty.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              April 6, 2012 Friday

People in Business for April 8

BYLINE: The Evening Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 683 words


Women of Influence Award winner

C.S. Davidson Projects Administrator Kerryn E. Fulton, P.E., has been named a
winner of the 2012 Women of Influence Awards.

Fulton was selected as one of the top nominees by the judges for her leadership
and achievements within C.S. Davidson, as well as her contributions to the
community.

Fulton's background as a senior project manager specializing in structural
engineering, acting in direct oversight of a wide array of building projects,
from parking garages to theater renovations to business structures, made her a
perfect choice for Projects Administrator at C.S. Davidson. Fulton currently
serves as the projects administrator, supervising and managing project managers
throughout the company, ensuring complete conformance within the corporate
project management system. Fulton is a member of the American Society of Civil
Engineers as well as the American Institute of Steel Construction.

Middle States elects board president

The Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Board of Trustees in
Philadelphia recently elected John C. Cavanaugh, Ph.D. of Harrisburg, president
of the board.

The board of trustees includes representatives from all three Middle States
Commissions: Commission on Higher Education, Commission on Secondary Schools and
Commission on Elementary Schools. Cavanaugh, who is chairman of the board of the
executive committee, serves as a commissioner on the Commission on Higher
Education.

Celebrating its 125th Anniversary in 2012, the MSA accredits more than 3,500
public, private, parochial schools and school districts serving students
preK#-#12, as well as colleges and universities in Delaware, District of
Columbia, Maryland, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin
Islands and in more than 85 countries around the globe.Since July 2008,
Cavanaugh has served as the chancellor and chief executive officer of the
Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PASSHE), which operates 14
universities with a combined enrollment of nearly 120,000 students, more than
14,000 faculty and staff, and is the13th largest employer in Pennsylvania with
an operating budget in excess of $1.5 billion.

Stair named manager at Hanover Land Services

David Stair recently joined the Hanover Land Services Inc. team as a senior
designer/project manager in the Hanover office.

Stair will also have marketing responsibility for the Adams and York county
areas. He brings more than 17 years of surveying, engineering and construction
experience to the job. Most recently, he was a partner in the consulting firm
Loss-Stair.

Hanover Land Services is a land development engineering and surveying company
with offices in Hanover and Westminster, Md. They provide the surveys, plans,
reports, and leg work necessary to navigate the often complicated government
approval process required to develop property.Their mission is to provide
accurate surveys and a comprehensive design service to effectively help their
clients maximize the value of their property. They strive to do this while
protecting natural resources and presenting a timely product to meet their
client's deadlines.

For more information, visit www.hanoverlandservices.com.

Coradino named PREIT CEO

The Trustees of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) recently
announced that Joseph F. Coradino will become chief executive officer of the
company as of the company's annual meeting of shareholders on June 7, succeeding
Ronald Rubin, who will serve as executive chairman.

Coradino has been with PREIT and a predecessor company for three decades,
serving since 2004 as president of PREIT Services, LLC and PREIT-RUBIN Inc., and
as a member of the Office of the Chairman. He has been a trustee of PREIT since
2006. He initially joined PREIT in 1997, when it acquired The Rubin
Organization, a commercial property and development firm, where he was a senior
executive. In addition to serving as a Trustee of PREIT, Joseph Coradino serves
as a Trustee of the University of the Arts in Philadelphia. PREIT, founded in
1960 and one of the first equity REITs in the U.S.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CORADINO
STAIR
CAVANAUGH
FULTON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 23, 2007 Friday

Crime Watch for 11/19/2007

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1074 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Man heim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Audrey Jean Fowble, 760A Baltimore St., Hanover; criminal mischief; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Raymond J. Sneeringer, 161 Cedar Ridge Road, New Oxford; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Jennifer Sue Simons, 115 Third St., Hanover; bad check; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; skateboarding prohibited; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Noah Silverman, 13704 Carlisle Court, Silver Springs, Md.; Codorus State Park
ranger; violation of rules/regulations of conduct on Commonwealth property;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Joseph R. Payne, 1745 Peppermint Lane, Westminster, Md.; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Mark Allen Little, 199 E. Walnut St., Hanover; disorderly conduct; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Mark Allen Little, 199 E. Walnut St., Hanover; harassment; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

David Michael Torzok, 2T2 Mitchell Court, Hanover; fleeing or attempting to
elude police officers, driving without lights, reckless driving, accidents
involving damage to unattended vehicle or property, driving vehicle at safe
speed, no passing zones, periods for requiring lights; held for court.

Andrea Kathleen Pinheiro, 4 Rolling Farm Court, Catonsville, Md.; driving under
the influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

Jennifer Ann Bateman, 27 Loop Drive, Hanover; theft by unlawful taking; waived
to court.
---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Mark Ward, 107 Farm View Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Frances F. Eisenhour, 1269 W. Poplar St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Todd E. Yost, 501 Lancaster Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Duane W. Myers, 15 Big Rock Road, East Berlin; robbery, criminal
attempt/robbery; waived to court.

Ronald L. Williams, 917 W. Princess St.; possession of marijuana; held for
court.

George H. Murray, 1135 W. Poplar St.; possession of marijuana; held for court.

Matik Drummond Sr., c/o York County Prison; possession of marijuana, driving
under suspension; waived to court.

Derik W. Cooley, 2627 Blymire Road, Red Lion; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: controlled substance,
possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Shane D. Therit, 1204 W. Poplar St.; possession of marijuana, use/possession of
drug paraphernalia, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Terry Wills, 140 Eastland Ave.; simple assault, criminal mischief/tamper with
property; waived to court.

Falasade Smith, 607 Dallas St.; unsworn falsification to police; held for court.

John B. Cassel, 2780 Eastwood Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; driving under the influence; minors; waived to court.

Nicholas M. Huska, 325 Bristle Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Ricky L. Zortman, 3490 Kingston Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under suspension-driving under the influence related;
waived to court.

Robyn Smith, 3000 New Park Road, New Park; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid costs
and restitution.

James Anderson Jr., 6075 Anderson Road, Stewartstown; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

Collin Cross, 95 Canal Road Extended; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Krista Downin, 359 Blue Ridge Road; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Carmelina Jordan, 3915 Carlisle Road, Apt. A, Dover; bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid costs and restitution.

Michael Wolf, 104 N. Highland Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

David A. King, 245 Pine Trail, Delta; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Sean Kessler, 100 Charles Ave., Stewartstown; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Scott Rohrbaugh, 936 N. Duke St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Mulana Lumban-Tobing, 712 W. Philadelphia St.; property maintenance; found
guilty, paid costs.

Andrew Weaver, 1513 Clover Lane; harassment; found guilty, paid costs.

Chaz Green, 11 N. Beaver St., Apt. 201; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Alice Neville, 240 Hanover St., Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Timothy Neville Sr., 240 Hanover St., Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Donald Warner, Warner's Motor Express, P.O. Box 269, Red Lion; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid costs.

Nathan Rau, 5884 York Road, Spring Grove; tax violation; found guilty, paid
costs.

Amanda Good, 348 W. Market St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served time.

Johnny Kirkessner, 1819 W. Market St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
costs.

Lucas Greer, 12371 Susquehanna Trail South, Glen Rock; tax violation; found
guilty, paid costs.

Robert Vendramin, 108 W. Penn St., New Freedom; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Vafa Husain, 201 Prospect St., Shrewsbury; underage drinking; pleaded guilty,
paid costs.

Matthew May, 2315 Woodview Road, Finksburg, Md.; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid costs.

William Leach III, 1204 W. Market St.; public drunkenness; found guilty, paid
costs.

Cassandra Ashong, 540 Wallace St., scattering rubbish; pleaded guilty, paid cost
and fines.

Joshua S. Klepper, 2370 Sprenkle Court; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
cost and fines.

Biz Print, 1463 W. King St.; business privilege tax; pleaded guilty, paid cost
and fines.

Jamie E. Zortman, Z&B In stallations Inc., 1321 W. Poplar St.; earned income
tax; pleaded guilty, paid cost and fines.

Jeff Butcher, J&J Installa tions Inc., 835 Taxville Road; earned income tax;
pleaded guilty, paid cost and fines.

Jeff Butch, J&J Installations Inc., 835 Taxville Road; earned income tax;
pleaded guilty, paid cost and fines.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 22, 2007 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 685 words


Penobscot Superior Court


Cases March 1-30, 2007

Paula Adler, 42, Newport, two counts forgery, jail 18 months, all but 90 days
suspended each count, probation two years each count, restitution $10,000. cq

Michael Anthony, 51, Orlando Beach, Fla., operating vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $800, jail 96 hours, license suspended 90 days.

James M. Barclay, 39, Levant, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $2,100, jail three years, all but nine months suspended, probation
two years, license suspended six years; failing to give correct name, address or
date of birth, jail 30 days; refusing to submit to arrest or detention, jail 30
days; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $250.

Daisy L. Bates, 21, Medway, burglary, jail five years, all but six months
suspended, probation two years, restitution $7,179.25; theft by unauthorized
taking or transfer, jail 30 days; criminal mischief, jail 60 days.

Anthony J. Bellantoni, 52, Mattawamkeag, disorderly conduct, $750.

Duane Brown, 21, Providence, R.I., robbery, prison eight years, all but 30
months suspended, probation three years.

Lloyd A. Burnham, Jr., 31, Corinna, forgery, prison 18 months, restitution,
$1,650; operating vehicle after habitual offender revocation, $1,000, prison 18
months; operating vehicle while under influence of intoxicants, $500, jail 30
days, license suspended 90 days.

John W. Calderwood, 37, Newburgh, criminal use of explosives, jail 120 days;
cultivating marijuana, $1,000, jail 120 days.

Joseph F. Campbell, 44, Benedicta, aggravated trafficking of scheduled drugs,
$400, prison two years.

Frederick L. Chambers, 45, Oakfield, assault, $300, jail 18 months, all but six
months suspended, probation two years; terrorizing, jail 18 months, all but six
months suspended, probation two years; violating condition of release, jail five
months.

Coleen S. Clark, 24, Bangor, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, $500.

Eric J. Curtis, 23, Bangor, failing to stop for officer, $1,000, jail 47 days;
operating vehicle while under influence of intoxicants, $650, jail three days,
license suspended 90 days.

Randall Daluz, 29, Taunton, Mass., aggravated assault, prison one year.

Derek Dawes, 21, Lincoln, aggravated assault, jail five years, all but nine
months suspended, probation three years, restitution $4,539.77.

Robert Estey, 33, Bangor, disorderly conduct, $200.

Louise G. Farnham, 68, Brewer, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $1,700, jail 30 days, license suspended four years.

Matthew W. Fernald, 30, Bangor, burglary, jail 18 months, all but 60 days
suspended, probation two years, restitution $120; theft by unauthorized taking
or transfer, jail 24 hours.

Dennis B. Flood, 43, Bangor, operating vehicle after registration suspended,
$150.

Steven J. Foley, 46, Quincy, Mass., operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $600, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Tammy Foster, 26, Rochester, N.H., theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
jail 15 days.

Wayne J. Gagne, 38, Orono, violating protective order, $300; two counts
violating condition of release, $300, jail three days.

Garvin Allen Gibbs, 50, Bangor, criminal threatening, jail 21 days; refusing to
sign criminal summons, jail 21 days.

Gerald A. Hawkins, 53, Bangor, unlawful furnishing scheduled drug, dismissed.

Hugh J. Hill, 41, Bangor, eluding officer, prison two years; operating vehicle
while under influence of intoxicants, $700, jail six months, license suspended
90 days; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $500, jail three
months; speeding 30 plus mph more than posted speed, jail three months.

Dustin A. Hodgdon, 20, Hartland, two counts robbery, prison 20 years, all but 10
years suspended each count, probation four years each count, restitution $10,706
each count; two counts assault, jail six months each count; burglary, prison
three years; theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, jail six months.

Matthew J. Hopkins, 20, Old Town, criminal threatening, jail six months, all but
20 days suspended, probation one year, violating condition of release, jail 20
days.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday

Public Safety

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 306 words


Police, Fire, rescue

Paint cans stolen from storage building

NORMAL - Thirty-four cans of white and gold spray paint were stolen from a
storage building earlier this week in the 900 block of Beech Street, a Normal
police report said. A steel entry door was damaged in the burglary.

In Court

McLean County DUIs

BLOOMINGTON - The following people have been sentenced in McLean County Circuit
Court for driving under the influence. Unless otherwise noted, the offenses
involved alcohol.

Cheryl L. Vandegraft, 38, El Paso, fined $1,000, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of conditional discharge and 14 days in jail, four days to be
served and balance stayed pending remission hearing, for driving under the
influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment and 140 hours of
community service.

Edward David Polzin, 18, of the 800 block of Balsam Road, Normal, fined $600,
DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving
under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Sarah A. Stickel, 26, Peoria Heights, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Rachel Kay Perry, 23, of the 600 block of Ironwood Country Club Drive, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Emily Katherine Brakman, 18, Skokie, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Recommended treatment completed.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

The shape of things to come

BYLINE: SHARON FINK

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 474 words


Fall's New Silhouettes: The Bustle, the Bell, the Big Shoulder.

That's not a cover line from the July 1896 issue of Vogue.

It's from the July 2006 issue.

Calling this fall "the most radical fashion season in a long, long time," the
magazine says that the bustle - padding in the back of a dress right above the
rear end that makes the skirt fuller and drape better - is making a comeback.
Which would be its first.

A bustle is not to be confused with the butt padding inspired by the 15 minutes
of fame enjoyed by Jennifer Lopez's healthy posterior.

But the bustle and the padding are good examples of why style and its hype
should never be taken too seriously.

Here are some more recent ones:

At other times it's been called the Braveheart influence, the Madonna influence,
the Bay City Rollers influence and the Brigadoon influence: Plaid is back for
fall, too. One thing that revived it came from John Galliano in his runway show:
He whipped up a red and black plaid dress with a black lace hem. That has a
bustle.

"The Victorian era greatly influenced me: the austerity, the severity, the
melancholy," Galliano tells Vogue.

Women's Wear Daily reported this week that retailers expect spring and summer's
strong dress sales to continue through the fall. No word yet on how the bustle
promotion might affect their outlook.

The most radical fashion shift being pushed for the average female older than 5
is the one from flared jeans to skinny-legged ones. The stovepipe jean has been
promoted for months already, but at least in the Tampa Bay area, it hasn't
broken out yet. Hip-hugging flares still hold their place as the casual-dressing
version of a school uniform.

The fall scene is so radical to Elle magazine that it has declared that almost
everything is in: plaids, feathers, gold, silver, red, jewel tones, long dresses
for day, shorts, layering, fur trim, silk, the '80s, ruffles, shearling, animal
prints, even over-the-elbow gloves. But not the bustle.

The biotechnology industry is pitching in to help make environmentally
responsible fashion sexy. At a recent conference in Toronto, it held a fashion
show of one-of-a-kind clothes that big-name designers made from material created
from fermented corn syrup.

The outfits by designers such as Oscar de la Renta, Stephen Burrows and Elisa
Jimenez included a strapless beige ball gown, a pink and yellow taffeta skirt
with a silver recycled polyester bustier, and a men's transparent dress shirt,
Reuters reported.

The corn-syrup fiber can be made to seem like it's silk, polyester, leather or
elastic. Natureworks, a company in Blair, Neb., makes such a fiber it calls
Ingeo. Designer Linda Loudermilk, who makes clothing with fabric created from
self-sustaining plants, next year plans to offer five items made from Ingeo,
including jeans.

No word on whether any of the other four features a bustle.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: THREADS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 2005 Tuesday

Brazil salts U.S. taste for churrasco beef

BYLINE: ALONSO SOTO, Reuters News Agency

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; FOOD; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


In a ritzy downtown Chicago restaurant, in America's former meatpacking capital,
the Brazilian picanha - an unadorned sirloin cut - is overshadowing the
all-American New York strip steak.

The rising popularity of the salty Brazilian cut among American steak lovers is
a prime example of Brazil's growing influence in the global meat market.

Two years after surpassing the United States as the world's largest meat
exporter, Brazil has launched a subtle strategy to expand its influence by
promoting gaucho churrasco, a previously obscure style of barbecue that has
spread from Hong Kong to New York City.

In Chicago's Fogo de Chao restaurant, waiters dress up as Brazilian cowboys -
known as gauchos - in black baggy pants and boots, cruising the aisles and
shaving cooked meat hoisted on skewers in an all you can eat meal that costs
about $50 (U.S.) a plate.

The Chicago stockyards have long since closed, but the city's famous steak
emporiums, including Morton's and Gibson's, are now being joined by Brazilian
steak houses. Three such "churrascarias" have opened here in the past three
years.

Unlike American barbecue, which is often slathered with a spicy or sweet sauce,
gaucho barbecue uses only sea salt and sometimes garlic to season the meat.

"[Brazilian barbecue] is one of the hottest categories in the barbecue scene,"
said Steven Raichlen, host of U.S. public television's Barbecue University and
the author of several books on barbecuing.

One irony is that, for now, the beef served at these trendy venues is from the
United States, not Brazil, because of a long-term American government ban on
Brazilian beef imports.

Brazil, which has the world's largest commercial cattle herd, has suffered
outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease in its animals as recently as September.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has never permitted imports of fresh beef
from Brazil because of the disease, allowing canned beef imports only
sporadically.

Still, Brazil's meat exports have boomed as the North American cattle industry
has coped with cases of mad cow disease that triggered beef export bans in Japan
and other countries fearful of the brain-wasting cattle disease, which can be
transmitted to humans.

Brazil's beef exports have rocketed to a projected 1.9 million tonnes this year
from about 250,000 tonnes in 1990, according to the USDA. American beef exports
plummeted to 209,000 tonnes in 2004 from 1.1 million tonnes in 2003.

Brazilian exporters hope the U.S. ban on Brazilian beef may be lifted soon.

Brazilian-style barbecue restaurants have opened in Little Rock, Ark., Beverly
Hills, Calif., and even in the U.S. barbecue stronghold of Memphis, Tenn.

The ban has forced these Brazilian steak houses to grill only American meat, but
their presence may pave the way for Brazilian beef in the U.S. meat market, the
world's largest.

Americans consume an average of 45 kilograms of beef annually, trailing only
Argentineans and Uruguayans, according to U.S. government statistics.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 15, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 415 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for any information about the following people, who are identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, please contact the sheriff's department at
(208) 263-8417, or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Daniel M. Brack  - 36, Coeur d'Alene, parole violation/burglary, $50,000 bond.

Alice L. Little - 46, Conrad, Mont., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $5,000 bond.

Brian C. Neitzke  - 27, Hauser Lake, Idaho, failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $1,000 bond.

Cynthia K. Salfeld  - 48, Sandpoint, failure to comply/burglary, $765 bond.

Jason D. Smith - 30, Omaha, lewd conduct with a minor (two counts), $50,000
bond.

MISDEMEANORS

David A. Barbara - 41, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$249 bond.

Michael R. Deherrera  - 36, Spirit Lake, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, driving under the influence, $944 bond.

Brian J. Dempewolf  - 21, Oldtown, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, $2,000 bond.

Ronny R. Dowell - 51, Sandpoint, failure to purchase a driver's license,
inattentive driving, $225 bond.

Christopher D. Hayes - 20, Kootenai, failure to comply/battery, $1,000 bond.

Jason T. Kelly  - 31, Priest River, failure to appear/petty theft, $1,000 bond.

Adam J. Lamb - 27, Priest River, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$300 bond.

Stacy L. Norbury  - 30, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence
(two counts), $2,588 bond.

Tammie A. Duff - 22, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery-domestic violence,
$2,000 bond.

Joseph H. Perkins - 23, Spirit Lake, failure to comply/driving without
privileges (two counts), four days in jail and $150 bond.

Heather M. Phillips - 32, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without
privileges (three counts), $6,140 bond.

James J. Rindal  - 36, Athol, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

Trever L. Rogers - 32, Kootenai, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Peggy L. Skeeters - 55, Coram, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $1,000 bond.

Robert C. Schuller  - 43, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges (two counts), $4,044 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Growth seen in number of women who drink, drive

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 456 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- The number of women arrested for drunken driving has jumped
nearly 30 percent in the past decade, a dangerous trend that was all too evident
when a wrong-way crash involving a woman in New York killed eight people.

The Transportation Department said the number of women arrested for driving
under the influence of alcohol or drugs increased 28.8 percent between 1998 and
2007. The number of men arrested under the influence fell 7.5 percent during the
same period.

"If you re over the limit, you re under arrest. This is a matter of life and
death," said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood.

Despite the new trend, drunken driving arrests remain dominated by men. In 1998,
676,911 men were arrested for being under the influence, compared with 626,371
arrests in 2007. More than 126,000 women were arrested for DUI in 1998, a number
which increased to 162,493 in 2007.

The Associated Press initially reported the figures earlier this month.

Laura Dean-Mooney, president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving, said it was
unclear why there has been an increase in the number of women arrested for
impaired driving. "There s no hard data on that. What you re hearing more is
that women are under more pressure, they re now perhaps the breadwinner because
of the unemployment rate," she said.

"We need to make sure women understand that if you re a drinking driver, you re
just as likely as a male to hit or kill or injure someone or perhaps even kill
yourself, as we saw in the horrible Taconic Parkway crash," she said.

In New York s Westchester County, Diane Schuler drove the wrong way for nearly
two miles on the Taconic State Parkway last month before her minivan slammed
into an SUV, killing 8 people.

Schuler, her 2-year-old daughter, three young nieces and three men in the SUV
were killed. Schuler s 5-year-old son survived.

A smashed bottle of vodka was found in the wreckage of Schuler s minivan. An
autopsy found she had a 0.19 blood-alcohol reading at the time of the crash,
well above the legal limit of 0.08, and had smoked marijuana no more than an
hour before the wreck.

Transportation officials said the number of impaired women involved in a fatal
crash increased in 10 states from 2007 to 2008. The states are: Ohio, New
Hampshire, Montana, Nevada, Wyoming, West Virginia, Indiana, Washington state,
Kansas and Tennessee.

About 2,000 alcohol-related deaths involve women every year.

The government released the new statistics in connection with its anti-drunk
driving enforcement campaign, which targets drivers leading up to the Labor Day
holiday weekend. The enforcement campaign runs from Aug. 21 through the Labor
Day weekend and involves 11,000 police departments and law enforcement agencies
around the country.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

El Cerrito police log: Burglar flees with items as resident return home; fake
city 'employee' distracts resident while accomplice grabs items

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 498 words


FRIDAY, APRIL 5

DRUGS -- Police arrested an Oakland man, 35, on suspicion of being under the
influence of drugs near Fairmount Avenue and Liberty Street. An ensuing
authorized search turned up a controlled substance in his possession. And,
police arrested a man, 23, on suspicion of being under the influence of a
controlled substance near Fresno and San Pablo avenues. He also was cited for
resisting arrest, after he had tried to run off while police were obtaining his
identification.

DUI -- A San Pablo female motorist, 38, was arrested on suspicion of driving
under the influence of drugs or alcohol near Blake Street and San Pablo Avenue.

THEFT -- A card skimmer was used at an ATM at Bank of America in the 10400 block
of San Pablo Avenue to steal several hundred dollars from a patron's account.
Police were notified after the victim saw someone approach the ATM after making
a transaction, and then using the machine. The victim then discovered the
subject had stolen the aforementioned funds.

THEFT FROM AUTO -- The rear passenger window of a vehicle at El Cerrito Plaza
was shattered to steal a purse.

SATURDAY, APRIL 6

DUI -- Police arrested a Pinole man, 32, on suspicion of driving under the
influence of drugs or alcohol near Potrero Avenue and Interstate 80.

THEFT FROM RESIDENCE -- A television was taken in a residential burglary in the
1000 block of Havens Place.

SUNDAY, APRIL 7

WARRANT -- A passenger of a vehicle pulled over on a routine traffic stop near
Macdonald and San Pablo avenues was arrested for an outstanding Santa Clara
County warrant.

MONDAY, APRIL 8

MISSING TEENS -- During a traffic enforcement stop at Eastshore Boulevard and
San Pablo Avenue, police located a Suisun female adolescent, 17, who had been
reported missing. And, an El Cerrito female teen returned to her home in the
10000 block of San Pablo Avenue after being away for several days.

TUESDAY, APRIL 9

BATTERY -- An adolescent approached a female teen as she was walking home near
Carlson Boulevard and El Dorado Street and reportedly grabbed her buttocks and
inner thigh, leaving the area before the officer's arrival.

THEFT FROM RESIDENCE -- The victim of a residential burglary reported that over
the course of 30 days, someone had pried open the rear door at a home in the
5500 block of Macdonald Avenue and stolen various items.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10

THEFT FROM RESIDENCE -- Someone contacted a homeowner in the 400 block of
Ashbury Avenue, representing himself as being a city employee who needed to do
interior measurements in order to reassess the property. While they were
discussing the project in the backyard, another individual entered the residence
and stole jewelry and silverware.

THURSDAY, APRIL 11

THEFT FROM RESIDENCE -- At 9 p.m., residents of a home in the 2500 block of Mira
Vista Drive entered the dwelling as a suspect was fleeing through the kitchen
door, after gaining access by forcing open a rear window. The suspect fled with
jewelry and assorted small electronics.

-- Jennifer Shaw

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 8, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 391 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Cece A. Connery - 39, Kootenai, failure to appear/writing checks on closed
account, $500 bond.

James A. Drake - 48, Spokane, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, driving without privileges, $716 bond.

Gay L. Estep - 37, Hope, failure to appear/issuing an insufficient funds check
fraud, $500 bond.

Amerisa H. Fish - 26, Heron, Mont., failure to comply/invalid driver's license,
$1,200 bond.

Barry T. LaVanway - 44, Stanwood, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $1,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Lee R. Aderton - 51, Anacortes, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Benjamin F. Aguilar - 20, Newport, Wash., willful concealment, $1,000 bond.

Christopher C. Ainsworth - 29, Sandpoint, failure to comply/petty theft, 10 days
in jail.

Donald L. Ambroz - 30, Priest River, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $10,000 bond.

Kennith M. Ammon - 45, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

David L. Anderson - 30, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/invalid driver's
license, one day in jail.

Ryan A. Apling - 22, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, two days in jail.

Luanne K. Aviles - 51, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,000 bond.

Michael S. Barbian - 31, Phoenix,  failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; paraphernalia, $5,000 bond.

Charles E. Barker - 49, Priest River, parole violation/driving under the
influence, resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Rok T. Bass - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Jacueline S. Deacon - 21, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, four days in jail.

Bret A. Moore - 43, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence
(second offense), $4,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: *Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                       FN

                                 April 2, 2007

ON COURSE; SETTLING INTO POSITION, J-41 IS CASTING ITSELF AS A COMFORT BRAND
WITH AN OUTDOOR-ADVENTURE SPIN.

BYLINE: Barbara Schneider-Levy

SECTION: Pg. 14 ISSN: 0162-914X

LENGTH: 711 words



HIGHLIGHT: Barbara Schneider-Levy


J-41 has finally found its sweet spot.

Since it first launched in 2001 under the Jeep label, licensed from automaker
DaimlerChrysler, the brand has undergone a series of name and style changes. In
its latest incarnation, the J-41 team hopes to offer a blend of fashion, comfort
and outdoor influences.

"We have a niche in the marketplace," said David Jonah, GM of J-41, a division
of New York-based Vida Shoes Int'l. "We bring product with influences from other
places. But we put a premium on comfort."

According to Jonah, the collection of women's styles (which accounts for 70
percent of its business in independent retailers such as Tip Top Shoes and
Harry's in New York and The Tannery in Boston) are filling a void in the market.
"Comfort independents don't get access to brands with an outdoor or sport
influence," Jonah explained, adding that these more technical-oriented lines
typically target outdoor and athletic specialty stores. "[Independents] are not
the first target of brands like Keen and Merrell. They haven't been the focus of
their distribution."

Driven by its loyal independent base, J-41 saw sales jump an impressive 300
percent in 2006 over 2005, and Jonah said he anticipates another 150 percent
increase in 2007.

Bob Pearl, owner of J.L. Coombs, which has been carrying J-41 since spring '06,
said he particularly likes the brand's lively color story. "It's got a fun point
of view and reasonable prices," he said, noting that the brand appeals to a wide
range of customers. For spring '07, Pearl ordered a number of styles, including
the Sideline Mesh, a carryover from spring '06, and the Rebirth Leather, a
sporty Mary Jane model.

Like Pearl, Cathy Tubbergen, co-owner of Holland, Mich.-based Borr's Bootery,
said the brand has been selling to everyone from teens to women in their 40s and
50s. "I like it because it fills a niche. It has unique styling in the
sport-casual [category]," she said. According to Tubbergen, the store was
looking for a brand to complement its Privo business, and J-41 was both on-trend
and comfortable. For spring '07, Borr's has placed orders for the Sideline,
Rebirth and Dominica, a sandal style.

Yet while independent retailers are J-41's bread and butter, according to Jonah,
the brand's next move will be to expand its distribution into department stores.
"We're building the business on a grassroots level through these retailers," he
said. "We still need to convince the bigger guys." The brand does, however, do a
healthy business with catalog and Internet retailers including Zappos.com, J.
Jill and L.L. Bean.

Motivated by the success of its core women's line, this fall J-41 will put its
spin on a companion series of men's and kids' styles, set to hit stores in July.

The five-style men's offering includes sport oxfords and a hook-and-loop-closure
style at $129, while the kids' collection features a total of five styles - some
completely waterproof - retailing from $49 to $55. Also for fall, J-41 is
introducing four vegan patterns for women and kids that will retail for $79 to
$89. The entire J-41 collection features removable footbeds with gentle arch
support, as well as moisture-management linings. The outsoles, which incorporate
the brand's signature map motif, are made from 70 percent recycled rubber
designed with the grip necessary to tackle tough terrains.

While performance is what ultimately defines the brand, Jonah said J-41 is just
as focused on styling, particularly within its women's collection, which has a
decidedly feminine point of view. "Why can't a shoe with grip on the outsole be
more elegant, sexy and appropriate for going out to dinner?" he asked.

To meet the fashion demands of women in their 30s and 40s - the brand's target
audience - the collection offers flats with functional strap closures as well as
dressier pumps on curvy wedge bottoms.

"Wedges are lifestyle-driven. We want the shoes to be versatile," Jonah
explained. In fact, the brand's lifestyle approach should work equally well with
its new men's and kids' lines, he said. "It's got versatility, functionality and
durability."

Caption(s): Fall '07 women's wedge style, featuring the brand's distinctive map
motif on the sole. / Lifestyle-driven retail and catalog marketing piece for the
fall '07 season.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5527792

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: FN

                        Copyright 2007 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
                  Copyright 2007 Fairchild Publications, Inc.


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday

CRIME WATCH

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 335 words


District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Juan M. Rosario, 440 South Queen St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment; driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; held for court.
(in absentia)

Marissa Leah Clement, 194 Crown Point Drive; driving under the influence;
general impairment; driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; held
for court. (in absentia)

Jacob Robert Rainey, 161 S. Royal St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Zachary Normand Harpin, 1840 Bradfield Drive, No. 40, Mount Joy; possession of
drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Scott Allen Brader, 115 Bridlewood Way, Apt. C-22; driving under the influence:
general impairment; driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Dennis Eugene Stoutzenberger, 1350 Delta Road, Red Lion; possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Kevin J. Banks, 580 Arbor Drive, Red Lion; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, maximum speed
limits; waived to court.

Douglass James Gordon, 825 Hill St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Brian S. Barley, 343 Sun Valley Drive, Leola; driving under the influence:
general impairment; driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, maximum
speed limits; waived to court.

Brian E. Craley, 1520 E. 11th Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, protective equipment for motorcycles; waived to court.

Terrence A. Dowling, 558 North Pershing Ave.; unlawful delivery of cocaine; held
for court.

Shawn Michael Ridley, 533 East Philadelphia St.; retail theft; held for court.

Samuel Isaiah Torres, 831 Pleasure Road, Lancaster; possession of small amount
of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court. (in absentia)

Kevin Leland Mullen II, 116 Hellam St., Wrightsville; retail theft; held for
court. (in absentia)

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Hip-hop takes rap for poor image

BYLINE: Ian Munro Herald Correspondent in New York

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 419 words


RAP and hip-hop music are not the great cultural rift they might appear, with
black Americans almost as disparaging of their influence as whites, a new survey
of social attitudes shows.

And, while black Americans believe their portrayal in films and television has
improved in recent years, they say that, on balance, images of them are more
hurtful than helpful to their standing in society, the Pew Research Centre
report, released on Tuesday, says.

"Blacks are far more troubled by the influence that rap and hip-hop have on
society than by the portrayal of blacks in movies and television," it says.

"Blacks and whites, by similarly lopsided margins, say that these two relatively
new music forms are having a bad influence on society - mainly because of
offensive language, negative stereotyping of women, and glorification of
violence.

"Other specific concerns relate to the mark left on youth by hip-hop lyrics,
including overly sexual content, bad or immoral messages, and the glorification
of an unrealistic lifestyle."

Sixty-four per cent of whites believed hip-hop to be a bad influence, compared
with 61 per cent of blacks and 59 per cent of Hispanics. Ratings for rap were
even worse, with 74 per cent of whites and 71 per cent of blacks viewing it as a
negative factor in society. Unsurprisingly, younger blacks and whites are less
likely to hold critical views of those musical forms.

The report finds most blacks and most whites look favourably on the other group
and that large majorities believe they get along either "very well" or "pretty
well" with one another. That finding comes despite controversy over the hanging
of nooses that sparked racial conflict in Louisiana, a practice that has been
mimicked elsewhere in the US.

Despite the general view of whites and blacks "getting along", two-thirds of
blacks believe they are subject to discrimination in seeking jobs or housing.

Blacks' optimism about the future is at its lowest ebb in a generation. Just one
in five reported life being better for blacks than five years ago, and only 44
per cent expect circumstances to improve.

The presidential aspirant Barack Obama is viewed favourably but that is an
opinion not strongly held, the centre says, and only half the black community
see him as sharing their values and aspirations.

This finding appears to reflect a discussion within the black community about
whether Mr Obama, who grew up in Hawaii rather than the South, is "black
enough", a discussion which Mr Obama himself has jokingly acknowledged.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Not all black and white ... Jay-Z performs in Brooklyn. Photo:
AP/Gary He

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GWEN IN LA-LA LAND Love of bad West Coast '80s pop mars Stefani's solo debut

BYLINE: BY JIM FARBER

SECTION: SUNDAY NOW; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 691 words


GWEN STEFANI

"Love.Angel.

Music.Baby"

(Interscope)

We're all slaves to our influences. But what happens when our influences stink?

That's a key question for Gwen Stefani, lead singer of the band No Doubt. As a
child of 1980s Los Angeles, Stefani was held hostage to some of the worst radio
trends and most appallingly bad pop music of the last 50 years. In her Orange
County neighborhood, innocent children were under constant barrage from the
cheesy sound of mainly forgotten L.A. acts like Missing Persons, Berlin,
Animotion and a host of other bands hellbent on dumbing down British New Wave
with Hollywood tinsel.

Since Stefani owns a naturally high Kewpie-doll voice, it was almost inevitable
that she would model herself after L.A.'s squeakiest New Wave vocalists, like
Dale Bozzio, Terri Nunn and Astrid Plane - all frontwomen who didn't so much
sing as cluck on key.

In Stefani's work with No Doubt, the band helped encourage other, more appealing
'80s influences - like the ska stylings of the Specials and the dark dance beats
of New Order.

But for her first solo album, Stefani seems to have reverted to her deepest
roots. And the results aren't pretty.

Most of "Love.Angel.Music.Baby" sounds like a "Totally '80s" collection at its
most dire. Think: Kenny Loggins' "Danger Zone" meets Josie Cotton's "Johnny Are
You Queer?"

Nearly every cut channels the dinky rhythms and palm-tree'd production of L.A.
pop's worst era. Vocally, Stefani vacillates between a porn star's coo and a
series of chirps and bleats that sound like Lene Lovich crossed with a sheep.

The album isn't a total washout. In the track "Hollaback," Stefani's producer
smartly combines hip-hop minimalism with a stadium-rock beat. On "Long Way to
Go," OutKast's Andre 3000 helps Stefani revive the likably manic beat of "Purple
Rain"-period Prince. And in "Real Thing," Stefani recycles some of the more
palatable '80s references - if a bit too closely. The song mixes snatches of
Cyndi Lauper's "Time After Time" with New Order's "Blue Monday."

Obviously, Stefani can't help the sonic boo-boos of her youth. The question is:
Must she make all of us pay for them?

CHARMER CHINGY IN FULL FLOW CHINGY

"Powerballin'"

(Capitol)

Is the rapper Chingy a knock-off of Nelly?

Consider the evidence:

They both come from the Midwest city of St. Louis, though Nelly emerged a full
two years before. And Chingy's breakthrough hit, "Right Thurrr," made obvious
reference to Nelly's earlier smash "Hot in Herre."

So there's no getting around it - Nelly's mega-success paved the way for
Chingy's triple-platinum debut CD "Jackpot" last year, a fact the rapper would
likely be the first to admit.

But from the evidence of Chingy's followup, "Powerballin'," the emcee can't be
considered just a piggybacker. Not only does the album feature lots of worthy
club cuts, it underscores ­Chingy's main talent - his slyly insinuating flow.

In terms of his style, Chingy has more in common with Snoop Dogg than Nelly.
Though the two St. Louis stars share the local accent heard in those hard "R"s
and swallowed ­syllables, there's a Southern ease to Chingy that recalls the
laid-back slickness of Snoop - no small feat.

On "Powerballin'," Chingy swings through his rhymes with consummate cool. Yet
there's nothing distant about him. His delivery always comes with a wink, an
appropriate gesture given the campiness of his content.

Like Fabolous, Chingy seldom strays from girl-crazy come-ons. If he has nothing
substantial to say, at least he says it with flirty charm.

The beat-busy music gives him the perfect seductive support. On Chingy's debut,
all the tracks were produced by the Midwest team known as Trak Starz. This time,
Chingy broadened his palette to add other producers. But the Starz still
contribute the best tracks.

In "I Do," their beat is so sumptuous, it sucks you in. On "We Clubbin'," the
team offers hip-hop's answer to doo-wop, highlighting a range of interlocking
vocals that flutter over a spare acoustic guitar. Throughout the record, Chingy
and the Trak Starz team boast equally crisp and unobtrusive beats, the better to
clear the way for a flow that swings.

E-mail: jfarber@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GWEN STEFANI CHINGY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

7-13 local briefs

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. 7-13 NEWS LOCAL BRIEFS

LENGTH: 1075 words


bkm

CHEYENNE

Information meeting set for Thursday at new Array school

An informational meeting about the new Array, School of Technology and Design,
will start at 5:30 p.m. Thursday at the school, located on The Second Floor at
the Paramount, 1607 Capitol Ave. in Cheyenne.

Array is a private computer coding school that is the first of its kind in
Wyoming. Starting Oct. 3, the school will teach a full stack website development
course.

Thursday's meeting will give people the chance to meet Eric Trowbridge,
headmaster and executive director of Array, and others associated with the
school.

For more information, call 307-222-9791.

93 nominations received so far

for Wyoming Women of Influence

Nominations for the Wyoming Women of Influence Awards will be accepted until
midnight this Friday.

Both first-time candidates and women who have been nominated previously (but who
did not win) may be nominated again. Anyone may nominate a candidate, but the
nominees must live and work in Wyoming.

Nominations must be received by Friday, July 15, and can be made online at
https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/TVYC7ZY.

For sponsorship information, contact Wyoming Business Report Publisher Belinda
Nelson at 307-633-3193.

So far, the Business Report has received more than 93 separate nominations over
the awards' 10 categories, although many women were nominated multiple times,
and a few nomination forms were not fully filled out. Anyone who posted an
incomplete nomination has been notified by email so that they can complete their
nomination before the July 15 deadline.

Nelson, in consultation with past Wyoming Women of Influence winners, will
select the final honorees. Neither individuals who nominate candidates, nor the
candidates themselves, will be part of the selection panel.

Award winners will be announced during the Women of Influence luncheon on Aug.
11 at the University of Wyoming's Rochelle Gateway Center in Laramie. Register
for the luncheon, which will feature UW President Laurie Nichols, at
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wyoming-women-of-influence
-awards-registration-25983854408.

Hepatitis A linked to western South Dakota pizza restaurant

The Wyoming Department of Health is alerting residents who recently traveled to
western South Dakota about a Hepatitis A case associated with a pizza restaurant
there.

A food handler at the Pizza Works restaurant in Custer, South Dakota, was
confirmed to have Hepatitis A, according to the South Dakota Department of
Health.

State Epidemiologist Dr. Tracy Murphy said Hepatitis A is a liver disease caused
by a virus. "The virus can be carried on an infected person's hands and spread
by direct contact, or by consuming food or drink handled by the ill individual,"
he said.

People who ate at the restaurant between June 19 and July 5 should contact their
health-care provider to see if they would benefit from treatment to lower their
chances of becoming ill. This is especially helpful within two weeks of eating
at the restaurant.

Symptoms of Hepatitis A may include fatigue, poor appetite, fever, abdominal
discomfort and vomiting. Urine may become darker, and then jaundice (a yellowing
of the skin and eyes) may appear. The disease is rarely fatal, and most people
recover in a few weeks without complications.

Infants and young children tend to have very mild symptoms and are less likely
to develop jaundice than older kids and adults. Not everyone who is infected
will have all symptoms.

Ways to prevent the spread of the disease include careful hand washing after
using the toilet, keeping people with jaundice or other hepatitis symptoms from
working in food handling, and vaccination against Hepatitis A.

Individuals who believe they may have been exposed at the restaurant and have
questions can call Murphy or Tiffany Lupcho at WDH at 1-877-996-9000.

Political, other signs not allowed in state highway rights of way

The Wyoming Department of Transportation has issued a reminder that advertising
signs cannot be placed in the state rights of way.

"We've seen an increase in the number of signs our maintenance crews are having
to remove from the right-of-way fence or from the right of way itself," WYDOT
maintenance foreman Shawn Coggins of Meeteetse said in a news release. "Wyoming
law and WYDOT policy prohibit placement of signs in those areas, so when our
maintenance crews come through an area, they pick them up and take them to the
area maintenance office. Whoever owns the sign has two weeks to claim the sign,
and then we dispose of the sign."

Wyoming Statute 24-10-104 states that outdoor advertising must meet certain
conditions for placement. One of those conditions refers to the placement of
signs advertising the sale or lease of the property upon which they are located.

Fines and even jail time can be inflicted on those who don't comply with the
law.

Campaign signs may be placed within WYDOT's right of way only in incorporated
cities and towns where permitted. Wyoming Statute 22-25-115 states that campaign
advertising may only be placed in the state's right of way within a
municipality, and then only if the municipality has passed an ordinance allowing
such placement.

Political candidates, business people and citizens who believe their signs may
have been removed by WYDOT crews may contact the nearest WYDOT maintenance
office to make arrangements to pick up the signs.

Wyoming earns high score for pain policies for cancer patients

Wyoming is doing well but needs to improve how it enacts balanced pain policies
for patients who battle a disease like cancer, a new report says.

"Achieving Balance in State Pain Policy: A Progress Report Card" shows the
extent that state policies can support pain management and patient care. The
report gave Wyoming a B+ in measuring the quality and balance of its policies to
make pain treatment available to patients.

The University of Wisconsin Pain and Policy Studies Group prepared the report.
The American Cancer Society and its affiliate, the American Cancer Society
Cancer Action Network paid for it.

"Wyoming is making progress in implementing sensible pain policies for people
with cancer and other life-threatening diseases," David Woodmansee said in a
news release. He is the ACS CAN associate director of state and local campaigns.
But it can do better to address the serious problem of untreated and poorly
treated pain and establish a system to mitigate drug abuse, he said.

The complete report is available at www.acscan.org/painreportcard.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 2, 2012 Friday

Pickin' and grinnin'

BYLINE: Laurie Heuston, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


March 02--Fresh from the Wintergrass International Music Festival in Bellvue,
Wash. -- and with a new CD under their belts -- members of Eight Dollar Mountain
are excited about the band's direction.

"We're straight-ahead, traditional bluegrass players," says bassist Peter
Koelsch. "We strive to sound like our influences, but we also want to give our
music its own swagger.

"Bluegrass is always evolving," he says. "We embrace its characteristics and
like to promote its history. It's important to know where you came from before
you break into something new."

Eight Dollar Mountain will celebrate the release of "Riverboat Gambler" at its
Saturday, March 3, show at Caldera Tap House, 31 Water St., Ashland. Music
starts at 9 p.m. Cover is $5.

Koelsch cites Blue Highway, The Infamous Stringdusters and Steep Canyon Rangers
as the band's top influences.

"The Rangers have played with comedian Steve Martin for about two years now,"
Koelsch says. "They won Entertainer of the Year in 2011 at the International
Bluegrass Music Awards."

There also are Grateful Dead influences to Eight Dollar Mountain's approaches to
jams.

"Improvisational qualities go hand in hand with bluegrass," Koelsch says.

The band attended Wintergrass last weekend, playing with Renegade String Band,
Wayward Vessel and dobro player Chris Funk (Black Prairie, The Decemberists) of
Portland and Eugene's Green Mountain Bluegrass Band with banjo player Charles
"Chainsaw" Holloway.

A highlight of the festival was Junior Sisk and Ramblers Choice of Virginia with
a full sound deeply rooted in bluegrass, Koelsch says.

"We didn't sleep much," Koelsch says. "It was four days of intense pickin' and
grinnin' with some of the Northwest's best players until about 5 a.m. We wanted
to preview our new album while we were there, and we received some positive
responses.

"Bluegrass has drive," he says. "There's a solid, steady rhythm that pushes the
music and makes it exciting. There's also jam qualities to it. Lead players can
play over the rhythms, with breaks in between."

Darren Campbell (guitar), Stu Green (banjo), Phil Johnson (mandolin) and Mark
Lackey (resonator guitar) round out Eight Dollar Mountain.

Koelsch keeps the string band's rhythm going on a Warwick Triumph electric,
upright bass. The instrument's appearance belies its heavy sound.

"It creates a sound that is ideal for bluegrass," Koelsch says. "Also, our
percussion is created by the offbeat strum on the mandolin, and Phil's chop is
strong enough to cut down an oak tree."

Koelsch moved from Salt Lake City to Ashland in 1999 to study journalism at
Southern Oregon University. Campbell hails from Pennsylvania, Green is from
Virginia and Johnson is from Austin, Texas.

"Mark is from the Ozark Mountains of Missouri," Koelsch says. "He gives us some
street cred. Each player brings so much to the band. When we get together, it's
pretty magical."

While Koelsch studied at SOU, he met friends who were as addicted to bluegrass
as he is, he says. He and Johnson formed The Mighty Lonesomes with Patrick
Connell and Thad Jacobson. The members played around Ashland before going
separate ways.

Eight Dollar Mountain formed when Koelsch and Johnson attended a jam at
Greensprings Inn.

"Mark, Darren and Stu were at the same jam," he says. "There was an instant
connection. Two years later, we're still going strong."

The band wrote and arranged all but two of the songs on its new album. Koelsch's
"Soda Mountain Breakdown" is the lead track. Johnson's "35 Miles" is a love song
about driving home to his wife, and his "Talkin' 'Bout Callin' You" showcases
timeless bluegrass elements.

"I like Stu's title track because it's got a lot of dark and mysterious
qualities," Koelsch says. "It's about a swindler working the riverboats down
south."

The group finished "Riverboat Gambler" in late January, working with Ashland
musician and sound engineer Bob DiChiro at a recording studio at Ashland's The
Grove.

"Ashland is the coolest town," Koelsch says. "It even owns its own recording
studio."

See www.eightdollarmountain.net.

___ (c)2012 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120302-ME-Pickin-and-grinnin-0302-20120302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2012 Mail Tribune


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            February 10, 2012 Friday
                                  ML2 Edition

Sports in 60 seconds

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 353 words


No night football games at Michigan this season:

Michigan athletic director Dave Brandon says the school isn't likely to set up
another night football game at home next season. The Wolverines beat Notre Dame
in a thrilling game under the lights last season in the first primetime game at
Michigan Stadium. But Brandon says it's "getting pretty late in the game" to
schedule a night game for 2012. The Fighting Irish don't come to Ann Arbor next
season. Michigan's home games next season are against Air Force, Massachusetts,
Illinois, Michigan State, Northwestern and Iowa. Brandon did say there is a
better chance of a night game again in 2013.

-- Consultants have recommended that Ohio State hire a vice president to oversee
a new office and new committee responsible for monitoring ethics compliance
across the university system in the wake of the school's football memorabilia
scandal.

Boyd admits he pitched under influence of cocaine:

Former Boston Red Sox pitcher Dennis "Oil Can" Boyd says he probably pitched
under the influence of cocaine "at every ballpark" during his 10-year career.
"There wasn't one ballpark that I probably didn't stay up all night, until 4 or
5 in the morning, and the same thing is in your system," Boyd said in an
interview with Jon Miller of WBZ radio in Boston. "It ain't like you had time to
go and do it while you were in the game, which I have (done) that." Boyd was
78-77 with a 4.04 ERA in his career. In eight seasons with the Red Sox, from
1982-89, he was 60-56. In his last two seasons, he was 18-21 with Montreal and
Texas.

No fracture for Canucks' Henrik Sedin:

The Vancouver Canucks say Henrik Sedin has no broken bones in his right foot.
Head coach Alain Vigneault said before Thursday night's game at Minnesota that a
CT scan came back clean. Sedin was hit in the foot in the last game at Nashville
by a slap shot from Predators defenseman Kevin Klein.

-- NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman says he is aware of how frustrated Columbus
Blue Jackets fans are about another losing season. He is also certain that the
franchise has the right people in charge to turn the sorry club around.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 27, 2011 Monday

Blotter: Unknown person forges a check in a Saratogan's name to make a $4,500
purchase in Illinois

BYLINE: Compiled from officers of the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department's
Westside Substation.

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 397 words


Public intoxication--On June 19 at 1:07 a.m. on Big Basin Way. Deputies
responded to a call of an intoxicated person. An investigation revealed that the
man was under the influence of alcohol and unable to care for himself. The man
was arrested and booked into jail.

Credit card theft--On June 18. An unknown person used a victim's credit card to
make $200 in purchases in San Jose.

Driving under the influence--On June 18 at 1:30 p.m. at Paseo Presada and
Bucknall Road. Deputies stopped a vehicle due to a traffic violation. Deputies
found that the driver was under the influence of alcohol. The driver was
arrested and booked into jail.

Vandalism--On June 18 between 1 a.m. and 1:15 p.m. on Harleigh Drive. An unknown
person punctured the tires and scratched the paint of a car, causing $1,500
worth of damage.

Driving under the influence--On June 17 at 3:47 a.m. at Chester Avenue and
Allendale Avenue. Deputies responded to a call of a car accident. An
investigation revealed that one of the drivers was under the influence of
alcohol. The driver was arrested and booked into jail.

Forgery--On June 16. An unknown person forged a check in a victim's name to make
a $4,500 purchase in Illinois.

Vandalism--On June 16 at 8:30 a.m. on Blauer Drive. A vehicle's tires were
punctured, causing $800 worth of damage.

False registration tabs--On June 15 at 5:25 a.m. on Lido Way. Deputies stopped a
vehicle for having expired registration. Deputies found that the vehicle had
false registration tabs. The driver was cited and released.

Identity theft--On June 14. An unknown person used a Saratoga resident's Social
Security number for employment in Hollywood.

Possession of drugs--On June 13 at 11:42 a.m. at Prospect Road and Lawrence
Expressway. Deputies stopped a vehicle due to a traffic violation. Deputies
found that the driver was in possession of drugs. The driver was arrested and
booked into jail.

Marijuana for sale--On June 13 at 10:14 p.m. at Allendale Avenue and Harleigh
Drive. Deputies stopped a vehicle for a traffic violation. An investigation
found that the driver was in possession of marijuana for sale. The driver was
arrested and booked into jail.

Possession of marijuana--On June 13 at 8:30 a.m. on Herriman Avenue. Deputies
responded to a call of a Saratoga High School official who detained a student
who was in possession of marijuana. The student was cited and released.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

Music on the River features The Everett Smithson Band

BYLINE: Rob Hanson, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


June 02--Everett Smithson may have lived in Minnesota for the past few decades,
but his heart is still in Alabama.

The leader of the blues roots band The Everett Smithson Band, Smithson's days
growing up in the South have heavily influenced his music and helped the band
carve out its own niche around the Midwest.

"A lot of people have not heard some of the things we do," Smithson said. "My
influence to the band is kind of blues and hillbilly music and my wife's
influence to the band is the Zydeco.

"She's a beautiful singer ... I'm more of a growler. But between the two of us
it's a pretty interesting show."

The Everett Smithson Band will perform at the L.E. Phillips Memorial Public
Library's free "Music on the River" concert from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday on the
library lawn.

Smithson got his start in music when he inherited a harmonica from his uncle at
the age of 12. The uncle, who was a band leader in the Navy, could play just
about any instrument and was an inspiration to the youngster.

Since then, Smithson has spent most of his life playing music, including 20
years with The Alley Cats Band, which toured the Midwest.

The band's bass player, Bill Black of Menomonie, has almost 40 years of touring
experience with his band The Senders and with blues legend Bo Diddley.

While Smithson said the band is all "like-minded" in that they play only roots
music -- blues, country, rockabilly, etc. -- the varying influences of each
member make the band's performances a unique cultural experience.

Probably the least known of all the genres The Everett Smithson Band tackles is
the Zydeco tunes featuring Kathy Smithson on vocals.

The style originated in Louisiana and southeastern Texas as a sort of
combination of traditional two-step Cajun beats and backwoods Creole music.
Everett Smithson described the unique music as "backwards polka with a lot more
intensity on the kick drum and bass."

The Everett Smithson Band has thus far released four albums -- the last dropped
just five months ago -- and they are already in production on a fifth. The
albums feature a mix of original music and obscure roots music covers. When it
comes to the original songs, Smithson draws from life experiences with lyrics
like "Hearin' screamin' comin' out of the sky" -- which is about a time working
for the Parks Service when he had to rescue a kid who was stuck in a tree. Other
lines and songs are spelled out more clearly, like in the song "I Flunked Again"
about Smithson's days in school.

If You Go

What: "Music on the River" with The Everett Smithson Band.

When: 2-4 p.m. Saturday.

Where: L.E. Phillips Memorial Public Library lawn, 400 Eau Claire St.

Cost: Free.

Info: Everettsmithson.com.

Contributed photo

To see more of The Leader-Telegram or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadertelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Leader-Telegram, Eau
Claire, Wis. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110602-EW-Music-on-the-River-features-The-Everett-Smithson-Band-0602-20110602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2011 The Leader-Telegram


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

Oakland Tribune Jan. 19 Letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor Oakland Tribune

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 550 words


Special treatment for councilman?

I CANNOT believe what I read: City Councilman Ignacio De La Fuente, who failed a
field sobriety test and was arrested for driving under the influence, will not
be charged.

While he was not charged for being under the influence, he certainly has
influence when it comes to District Attorney Nancy O'Malley dropping the charges
of a DUI for not enough evidence.

What a slap in the face to the officer who was doing his job and what a slap in
the face for all the other drivers picked up and charged for DUI. They certainly
did not have enough influence to be dropped of DUI charges.

Politics maybe? I think maybe that there is a law for one and not the other. Oh,
I hope Oakland has not turned into just another corrupt city.

Ninz Sharon

Oakland

Appalling episode

IT IS appalling to know that the Alameda County district attorney dropped DUI
charges against Ignacio De La Fuente.

Let's face the fact that he was drunk and the evidence was substantial because
he failed a sobriety test. Yet, the DA didn't find enough evidence.

This nation is turning into a kangaroo republic where anything goes if you are a
councilman or someone in power. It is so disheartening, especially with the
gravity of his offense.

If De La Fuente were a commoner, then I bet the DA would have more than enough
evidence. Where is the rule of law as clearly stated in our constitution? Of
course, De La Fuente is above the law.

This is shameful.

John Tanwani

Antioch

Should not glorify criminal behavior

I UNDERSTAND The Tribune's desire for dramatic front page headlines, however, to
showcase the lifestyle of a crack dealer who destroyed many lives, and still
displays no remorse is shameful. ("The man behind a crack empire," Jan. 16)

The reporter, Scott Johnson, claiming Ricky Ross beat the system that tried to
put him down is another stretch. The article did not lead the reader to believe
those are Ross' words, however, it could be interpreted to mean that Johnson
believes that Ross beat the system. Just how so? Ross was in prison for at least
14 years, with all assets seized.

Could the paper -- and the reporter in particular -- not find some other human
interest story to write about concerning a hard working, successful person who
is contributing to society in a positive manner? I know "man bites dog" sells
papers and "dog bites man" does not, however, I wonder why newspapers spend time
glorifying criminality instead of stories concerning positive people with
beneficial contributions toward society.

If Ross has success in the future through a legally successful business, I would
say great. Perhaps he did not beat the system, but the system actually worked to
rehabilitate this one-time criminal.

Harold Mackenzie

Alameda

Refugees recognized

THANK YOU for highlighting the religious choices of Bhutanese refugees ("Faith
in a new land," Jan. 9).

It's easy to forget that the Hindu faith itself originally came to Bhutan as a
foreign, missionary religion. Should not the Bhutanese now, as then, have the
right to weigh and choose faith commitments for themselves?

Denying them that freedom is as coercive as any predatory proselytizing. May
those who have chosen Christianity indeed finds ways of "indigenizing" it with
the fullest gifts of Bhutanese and Nepali language and culture.

Russell Yee

Oakland

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Democrats take aim at growing 'Inner West'

BYLINE: Bob Keefe WEST COAST BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 925 words


DENVER - Jon DeStefano was a tried-and-true Republican for 25 years. Two years
ago, he says, he had a major change of heart.

The war in Iraq, the influence of ultraconservatives on his party and what he
sees as the party's trashing of moderates drove him to switch his political
affiliation to Democrat.

''I just reached the point where I just couldn't live with being a Republican
any more,'' said DeStefano, 62, who runs a small printing business near Denver
and recently became chairman of the Park County Democrats group.

While presidential candidates travel the nation to generate support for next
year's elections, the West has become more politically important as Republicans
fight to keep their influence in the ''inter-mountain West'' area.

''There's no question about it,'' said Dan Schnur, a Republican Party strategist
in Sacramento, Calif.

''As Republicans maintain their lock on the South, and the Democrats continue to
secure a base in the Northeast and in the Pacific Coast states, the two great
battlegrounds in 2008 are going to be in the Great Lakes states and in the inner
West region.''

The states of the ''inter- mountain West'' such as Colorado, Utah and Idaho and
the desert states of Arizona and Nevada have never really mattered much in
presidential elections because of their historically small populations. But that
is changing.

Today, the inner West is home to the three fastest-growing states in the nation:
Arizona, Nevada and Idaho.

Add Colorado and Utah, and the region claims half of the 10 fastest-growing
states. More people will soon mean more electoral votes.

The region also is home to some of the biggest groups of unaffiliated voters in
the country. In Colorado, for instance, about a third of voters aren't members
of any party, while Republicans have a slight advantage over Democrats for the
rest of registered voters.

To emphasize the region's growing importance, several Western states have moved
up their nominating contests. Nevada's caucuses are now scheduled for Jan. 19.
Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Oregon and Utah will hold their
primaries or caucuses Feb. 5.

To underscore their commitment to the region, Democrats picked Denver as the
site of its national convention in August 2008, marking the first time in 100
years the city has hosted a political convention. Republicans selected
Minneapolis-St. Paul, in the heart of the other 2008 battleground region, for
their convention in September 2008.

The West ''is critically important'' this election, said Danny Diaz, spokesman
for Arizona Sen. John McCain, a Republican presidential candidate.

Diaz said a big part of McCain's strategy is to show voters that he's someone
who embraces ''Western values'' and who understands Western issues such as
growth, immigration and conservation.

In stark contrast to past presidential elections, candidates are paying more
attention to the West. Many have visited numerous times already.

''Historically these states got overlooked because they don't bring with them a
lot of electoral votes and they're two time zones away from Washington,'' Schnur
said. But now that they're gaining population, he said, they're gaining
importance.

To get a grasp on just how the politics of the inner West are changing, consider
Colorado.

Five years ago, both of Colorado's U.S. senators and five of its seven U.S.
House members were Republicans.

The GOP controlled both houses of the state legislature and the governor's
office.

That alignment shifted dramatically beginning in 2002.

Today, Democrats control the legislature and the governor's office for the first
time in more than 40 years. They also hold one of Colorado's two Senate seats
and four of its House seats.

Even in longtime Republican strongholds such as Grand Junction and Jefferson
County, west of Denver, Democrats won state legislative seats and local offices.

''We've gone from an incredibly red (Republican) state to an incredibly blue
(Democratic) state,'' said Floyd Ciruli, an independent pollster and political
consultant in Denver.

Ciruli said he thinks the political shift in Colorado could be a harbinger of
the 2008 presidential race, in both Colorado and neighboring states.

Already, Westerners hold the top leadership positions in Congress, with Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of
California, both Democrats. One Democratic governor from the region, Bill
Richardson of New Mexico, is fighting for the party's presidential nomination.

Helping push the inner West's politics toward Democrats, Ciruli and others said,
is a huge influx of both Hispanic voters and California transplants seeking
cheaper housing and more space. Both of these groups traditionally lean toward
the Democratic Party.

Similarly, Western voters are generally moderates, Ciruli said, who feel the
pull of liberal campaign ideals such as environmental conservation and
protecting the economic interests of those less well-off.

''The West,'' Ciruli said, ''is in play.''

As Democratic leaders in Colorado gear up for the convention in Denver next
year, they say they are excited about their party's potential in their region.

''If you look at the past two elections, had Al Gore or John Kerry won another
Western state, you (might) have somebody else in the White House today,'' said
Steve Farber, a Denver attorney and Democratic Party booster who co-chairs the
committee organizing the convention.

Added Pat Waak, a former Carter administration official who now chairs the
Colorado Democratic Party: ''It's ours to lose.''

bkeefe@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 480 words


Officials are asking the public for information about the following people,
identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond
amount on the warrant. If you have any information, please contact the Sheriff's
Department at (208) 263-8417 or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208)
255-2946.

FELONIES

Austin W. Averett - 46, Weiser, failure to register as a sex offender, $20,000
bond.

Raymond D. Edwards II - 22, Long Beach, Calif., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance, possession of paraphernalia, petty theft, $50,000 bond.

Alice L. Little - 47, Washington, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud (five counts), $5,000 bond.

Sarah B. Poynter - 31, St. Petersburg, Fla., failure to appear/insufficient
funds check fraud, $1,000 bond.

Michael A. Tenhonen - 35, Portland, failure to appear/battery on a correction
officer, second-degree kidnapping; $10,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Rocky A. Seaman - 55, Livingston, Mont., parole violation/driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, open container of alcohol, $5,000 bond.

Jason D. Shipton - 33, Brewster, Wash., domestic battery, $10,000 bond.

Shana T. Silvia - 24, March Air Force Base, Calif., failure to comply/driving
without privileges, $4,000 bond.

Peggy L. Skeeters - 56, Great Falls, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, unlawful possession or use of prescription drug, $1,000 bond.

Marshall K. Snow - 42, Bountiful, Utah, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, possession of a controlled substance, possession of paraphernalia,
possession of a concealed weapon without a permit, $2,000 bond.

Luke A. Stafford - 23, Jackson, N.C., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, petty theft, $5,000 bond.

Kenneth L. Stephan - 40, Oakland, Calif., parole violation/eluding a peace
officer, petty theft, $10,000 bond.

Jacob O. Susol - 24, Kirkwood, Wash., failure to comply/violation of a
protection order, open container of alcohol, $3,500 bond.

Jean A. Tapia - 57, Minneapolis, failure to appear/possession of marijuana,
possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use, $2,000 bond.

Robert J. Toscas Sr. - 45, Manhattan Beach, Calif., failure to appear/driving
under the influence, $6,000 bond.

Justin K. Utter - 31, Missoula, failure to appear/reckless driving, $5,000 bond.

Derrick M. Waterman - 20, Whitefish, Mont., failure to comply/littering from
roadway, $1,000 bond.

Frank S. Wharton - 45, Bellingham,  failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $2,000 bond.

Brian L. Wing - 29, Washington,  failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $1,700 bond.

Jacob A. Zentner - 19, address unavailable,  failure to appear/unlawful entry,
$1,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 600 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Brenda Brennan reported Monday the $15,292 theft of jack stands, a floor jack,
arc welder, battery charger and miscellaneous tools from Auto Tech Northwest,
110 W. Haycraft Ave.

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Robert Milner, Cheney, reported Monday the $4,252 theft of a wire-feed welder,
air compressor and miscellaneous tools from a construction site on West Ness
Road near Worley.

Susan Wombolt, Post Falls, reported Monday $540 damage to a boat mooring cover
and the $446 theft of a CD player, jacket and miscellaneous items from her boat
docked at property on the 17727 block of state Highway 97 near Harrison.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE PAUL MCCABE

Joanne M. Freeman, 35, Spokane; driving under the influence; $400 fine ($100
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Donald R. Piggott,  38, Coeur d'Alene; battery; $217 fine, 180 days in jail (175
days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, one year probation.

Jennifer L. Hoy,  28, Great Falls, Mont.; petty theft; $300 fine (suspended),
$208 restitution, one year in jail (245 days suspended), two years probation.

Nora A. Escher,  52, Hauser; driving under the influence; $402 fine, 180 days in
jail (170 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Donald H. Schnall,  37, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 117 days
in jail.

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

Boris V. Titov,  25, Kent, Wash.; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Eden B. Myers, 23, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (140 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, two years probation, 90 days driver's license suspension.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Mountain West Bank v. Bobbi Sue Buck, seeking $1,428.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Priscilla Clukey, seeking $2,770.

H & S Ventures LLC v. John Spriggs, seeking $1,543.

H & S Ventures LLC v. Mike Selzler, seeking $2,532.

H & S Ventures LLC v. Stacey  Dickey, seeking $4,000.

H & S Ventures LLC v. Susan Thalman, seeking $4,000.

Arrow Financial Services LLC v. David Estes, seeking $2,161.

Richard Shutts v. One Eyed Jack's Inc., One Eyed Jack's Saloon, William Norman,
and Aaron Pielop and Kelly Peilop, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Daniel and Charlene Pugh,  plaintiff awarded $2,243.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. Thomas Moore III, dba Moore Custom Cut
Construction, plaintiff awarded $4,025.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Keith Klemo and Sue Klemo, plaintiff awarded $1,003.

ACS Inc of Idaho v. Stacey Jaymes,  plaintiff awarded $3,039.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Marcia Harmon and Darrell Harmon, plaintiff awarded $4,615.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Michael Delacy v. Russell Alt.

Citibank South Dakota NA v. Mary Ballard.

Allied Bail Bonds Inc. v. Martin Farlow.

Palisades Collection LLC v. Kenneth Waldram.

John and Karen Lynn, dba John Lynn Sheet Metal and Express Sheet Metal, aka Lynn
Sheet Metal v. Ralph Kerr, and Ralph Kerr CPA.

Timothy Olsen v. Ferrellgas  LP and Stephen Rostollan.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Yolanda Rohr from Walter Rohr Jr.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Richard Guerrero from Angelique  Guerrero.

Susan Litalien from James Litalien.

Brianne Knight from Adam Knight.

Lori Johnson from John Johnson.

Maria Reed from Jacob Reed.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             July 26, 2005 Tuesday

DAILY DIGEST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 1017 words


NEWS IN BRIEF

Coliseum hires new asst. general manager

BLOOMINGTON -- A former executive assistant for the Peoria Civic Center has been
hired as assistant general manager for U.S. Cellular Coliseum.

Suzanne Scardino starts Aug. 1, according to a statement issued by Central
Illinois Arena Management.

Scardino will help choose performances, conventions and other functions,
coordinate schedules and work with the Convention and Visitors Bureau.

The Coliseum is scheduled to open next spring.

Ceremony to honor National Guardsmen

PONTIAC -- A ceremony Thursday will welcome home members of Illinois National
Guard Co. D, 131st Infantry, who have been at Fort Polk, La.

The ceremony will start at 4 p.m. at Armory on Reynolds Street. The event will
feature a meal and music.

To register, call (309) 451-4145.

Meetings to gauge interest in cycling

PONTIAC -- Cyclists interested in a bike path along Route 66 in Livingston
County are encouraged to express their views at two public meetings.

The first will be at 7 p.m. Wednesday at Pontiac City Hall, 115 W. Howard St. A
second meeting will be 7 p.m. Aug. 2 at Dwight Village Hall, 209 S. Prairie Ave.

Information collected will be passed to state officials working to create a path
parallel to old Route 66 from Chicago to St. Louis.

POLICE, FIRE, RESCUE

Coroner IDs man found dead on lawn

NORMAL -- The McLean County coroner has released the name of a 41-year-old man
whose body was found Friday morning on a lawn in Normal.

Michael T. Richards, of the 200 block of Shelbourne Drive, was found dead about
5:50 a.m. in a lot next to an apartment building east of the intersection of
School Street and Shelbourne Drive. Coroner Beth Kimmerling said Richards had
been staying at a home in the same block where his body was found.

The coroner declined to release the circumstances surrounding Richards' death,
but previously said there were no signs of foul play or third-party involvement.

Windows broken in home jewelry heist

NORMAL -- Someone broke two windows of a home and stole numerous pieces of
jewelry Thursday evening, police said.

Two necklaces, eight rings, 13 bracelets and about 15 pairs of earrings were
taken in the burglary between 6:15 and 9 p.m. in the 200 block of East Cherry
Street, police said.

IN COURT

Man gets jail term for hitting police officer

BLOOMINGTON -- A Normal man was sentenced to three years in prison Friday for
striking a police officer last year.

Leslie Crites, 36, of the 1300 block of Dalton Drive, agreed to plea guilty to
aggravated battery for striking a Normal police officer with his knee Dec. 19
while he was being arrested.

DUIs -- The following people have been sentenced in McLean County Circuit Court
for driving under the influence. Unless otherwise noted, the offenses involved
alcohol.

Raeanne E. Regan, 21, Pekin, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Jeffrey A. Fairall, 23, Streator, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to
two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol; and
conviction for speeding. Must complete recommended treatment.

Linda G. Mink-Blaser, 58, Bettendorf, Iowa, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol; and conviction for illegal transportation of alcohol. Recommended
treatment completed.

Laron D. Monroe, 28, 2500 block of East Washington Street, Bloomington, fined
$100, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol; and fined $500 for operating an
uninsured motor vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment.

Abye K. Derege, 23, 1200 block of Westview Drive, Normal, fined $600, DUI fine
of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the
influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Inocente Antunez, 37, LeRoy, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Daniel T. Murphy, 21, Urbana, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

David A. Shoot, 21, of the 600 block of South Blair Street, Normal, fined $600,
DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving
under the influence of alcohol; and conviction for speeding. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Lisa M. Borlick, 41, Gridley, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Dustin W. Carroll, 25, Colfax, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol; and
conviction for speeding. Must complete recommended treatment.

Gregory L. Logue, 44, El Paso, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Brittani R. Hilton, 26, East Peoria, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced
to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Must complete recommended treatment.

Setting it right

Business

Three Petunias -- Shannon Fulton is a co-owner of Three Petunias. Her name was
incorrect in a photo caption that accompanied a story in Monday's Pantagraph.

Nation/World

Heat wave -- A headline of a NewsWatch story in the July 19 Pantagraph
incorrectly listed the high reached in the Arizona heat wave. The correct
Arizona high was 124 degrees.

The Pantagraph values accuracy. If you see something that is inaccurate, report
it to the editor of the section. All corrections will run in this space, except
Sundays. If you are not sure whom to call, contact Editor Terry Greenberg at
(309) 820-3230 or tgreenberg@pantagraph.com or Managing Editor Mark Pickering at
(309) 820-3252 or mpickering@pantagraph.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 28, 2004 Wednesday

BEYOND JESSE; BUT REV AL'S STILL AROUND

BYLINE: ROBERT A. GEORGE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 778 words


BOSTON

TO paraphrase the Beatles, it was 20 years ago today, Rev. Jackson taught the
band to play. Well, what's the state of "the band" today? And what does the rise
of last night's keynoter, Barack Obama, suggest for black politics in the 21st
century?

Though Ronald Reagan would go on to win an overwhelming re-election victory in
1984, history-making currents were swirling through the Democratic Party, as
civil-rights leader Jesse Jackson threw his hat into the Democratic primary.

The neophyte politician ran a strong race, though coming in third behind Gary
Hart and eventual nominee Walter Mondale. Along the way, Jackson stumbled badly
when calling New York "Hymietown," a slur against Jews. Still, the campaign
succeeded in inspiring younger minority voters. And Jackson would use the
contacts he'd gained on the presidential trail to register new voters - helping
the Democrats regain the Senate in 1986.

Two decades later, after years of foolish political decisions by Jackson,
another man is sparking the imagination of blacks and whites.

Obama was born to a Kenyan father and a white Kansan mother; his parents split
up soon afterward. Obama grew up in Hawaii, later went on to Harvard where
became the first black editor of the prestigious Harvard Law Review.

Now a law professor and Illinois state senator, Obama is nearly a lock to win a
U.S. Senate seat this fall. He grabbed an impressive 53 percent of the vote in a
multi-candidate Democratic primary. Then a sex scandal forced his Republican
opponent out of the race. GOP efforts to recruit Chicago football legend Mike
Ditka were fruitless.

Obama comes across as polished and professional - indeed, smooth almost to the
point of being slick. But he draws a crowd whenever he goes. Make no mistake,
the man is a liberal. Yet he eschews the explicit racial politics of Jackson and
the Rev. Al Sharpton for a more inclusive approach.

He demonstrated this last night, saying, "I stand here today, grateful for the
diversity of my heritage, aware that my parents' dreams live on in my precious
daughters. I stand here knowing that my story is part of the larger American
story, that I owe a debt to all of those who came before me, and that, in no
other country on earth, is my story even possible."

Democrats push him as part of the "America's Future" generation and (along with
Senate candidates of Native American and Latino heritage in Oklahoma and
Colorado) a member of their party's "Dream Team."

But the old vanguard of racial politics - as epitomized by Sharpton - isn't
going anywhere soon. As The Rev himself puts it: "You've always had blacks who
have had influence as the inside elected and as outsiders with broad influence.
Obama comes from the inside elected tradition like a Doug Wilder and I come from
the outside tradition like a Jackson."

In fact, Sharpton notes that after Jackson's second presidential run, Wilder was
Virginia's governor, Carol Moseley Braun was a senator from Illinois and Ron
Brown was the chairman of the Democratic National Convention. "In many ways, [if
he wins] Obama is the only one, whereas there were three during the height of
Jesse's influence."

Has the community advanced since that run? "Yes and no. There are more blacks in
Congress and more blacks with wealth. But in some ways less. We're still doubly
unemployed. We've made some progress and in other areas no progress.

"One area where we haven't progressed - and that's something I'm going to talk
about [tonight] is in the influence of African policy - Sudan. I'm still
horrified that the civil-rights leadership hasn't made a real issue out of
Sudan. There's no more blatant form of racism in the world than what is going on
in Sudan. And even then, some Congressional Black Caucus members only responded
after Colin Powell went there. We need to deal with our influence on Sudan. Thus
our influence on African policy hasn't advanced since the days of Dubois."

On the one hand, Sharpton rightly shined a light on Sudan three years ago.
However, other things seemed to take priority for him in the interim - police
brutality in Ohio, Naval training in Vieques, the presidential race. Does he
feel that he dropped the ball?

Sharpton says, "No. I thought our original challenge would have made other
members of the civil-rights leadership involved. I intend to deal with it
[tonight] and I intend to go back to the Sudan before Election Day."

As for George W. Bush's request that black voters consider the Republican Party,
Sharpton laughs: "President Bush asked several questions at the Urban League
last week. I intend to answer those questions tonight."

E-mail: rgeorge@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Obama: Liberal, but more inclusive than Jackson.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 17, 2004 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 812 words


KOOTENAI COUNTY

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for information about the following people, identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have any information, contact the sheriff's department at
446-1300.

FELONIES

Peter P. Fioritto - 57, Coeur d'Alene, failure to register as a sex offender,
$25,000 bond.

David W. Meadows - 34, Spokane, failure to appear/possession of a stolen
vehicle, $25,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Eddie G. Barley - 48, Cataldo, failure to appear/trespassing (two counts),
$1,000 bond.

Daniel M. Brack - 35, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

Raleigh S. Brueher - 40, Rathdrum, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

Trisha A. Duvall - 35, Hayden, failure to appear/driving under the influence, 26
days in jail.

Jack T. Gilbert - 23, Post Falls, invalid driver's license, $500 fine.

Jeri A. Glenn - 23, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/possession of marijuana,
$2,000 bond.

Danny J. Griffin - 36, Priest River, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, two days in jail.

Gary L. Hattenburg - 43, Hayden, failure to appear/misdemeanor probation
violation for battery, five days in jail.

Jason S. Moran - 27, Post Falls, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
10 days in jail.

Steven M. Nagode - 44, Coeur d'Alene, petty theft, $1,000 bond.

Larry D. Nixon - 42, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while suspended
(two counts), $2,000 bond.

William R. Osterdock - 19, Hayden, failure to appear/invalid driver's license,
littering, invalid driver's license, $2,000 bond.

Daniel L. Selph - 38, Hauser Lake, failure to appear/driving while suspended
(two counts), $1,500 bond, 10 days in jail.

Krista R. Spencer - 32, Hauser Lake, driving while suspended, $500 bond.

Justin L. Smith - 22, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving while suspended,
possession of canceled driver's license, $1,000 bond.

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Shoshone County has a backlog of more than 800 outstanding arrest warrants.
Officials are asking the public for any information about the following people,
who are identified by name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and
the bond amount on the warrant. If you have any information, contact the
sheriff's department at (208) 556-1114.Most contempt warrants can be taken care
of by contacting the Shoshone County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

Gene T. Hendrickson - 25, St. Regis, Mont., two bench warrants, driving under
the influence, inattentive driving, $200 cash bond, six days in jail.

John F. Hendrickson - 35, Casper, Wyo., warrant of attachment, domestic assault,
$87 cash.

Carl R. Henry - 34, Worley, warrant of arrest, failure to purchase a driver's
license, $200 bond.

Dale T. Henry - 57, Burl, Idaho, two warrants of attachment, driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, $974 bond.

Richard L. Henshaw - 41, Smelterville, warrant of attachment, driving under the
influence, $578 bond.

Richard L. Hentges, aka Heltoes - 58, Canby, Ore., warrant of attachment,
driving under the influence, $566 cash bond.

Brent D. Herbold - 30, Kalispell, Mont., bench warrant, possession of drug
paraphernalia, $1,000 bond or $200 cash.

Teresa A. Herker - 50, Spokane, bench warrant, driving under the influence,
driving while suspended, $2,000 bond.

Mona L. Herman, aka Bishop, aka Cameron, aka Livell - 44, Hardin, Mont., warrant
of attachment, petty theft, $163 bond.

Brent L. Hersey, aka David Fling, aka James McVay, aka James McVay, aka James
Vales, aka Vales Fling - 35, Spokane, warrant of attachment, petty theft, $117
cash bond.

Glen L. Hewett - 45, Plains, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving with an
expired driver's license, obstruction, $351 cash bond.

Rodney P. Hiam - 57, Butte, Mont., bench warrant, driving while suspended,
$2,000 bond.

Jesse J. Higareda - 41, Butte, Mont., warrant of attachment, driving while
suspended, $568 bond.

William J. Higgins- 32, Wallace, warrant of attachment, driving without
privileges, $263 bond.

Duaine . Hill - 43, Newton, N.D., two warrants of attachment, petty theft,
destruction of jail property, $200 bond.

Dale A. Hirst, aka Hurst - 44, Tacoma, warrant of attachment, battery on a
police officer, disturbing the peace, $314 bond.

Albert W. Hobbs - 33, Kellogg, warrant of attachment, failure to carry a
driver's license, driving under the influence, $672 bond.

Tara M. Hocking - 21, Spokane, warrant of attachment, driving while suspended,
no insurance, $273 bond.

Jeffrey T. Hofer  - 37, Missoula, warrant of attachment, driving while
suspended, $566 bond.

Steven J. Hoffman - 37, Kellogg, warrant of attachment, possession of less than
3 ounces of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia, $213 cash bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 31, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Izzo has never forgotten his roots in Iron Mountain Influence still holds on

BYLINE: Tim Martin; Lansing (Mich.) State Journal

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16C

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE:  IRON MOUNTAIN, Mich.


IRON MOUNTAIN, Mich. -- The wooden basketball backboard still
hangs in the warehouse, but it hasn't been used much since Tom
Izzo left town.

Beneath the hoop are crates of shoes and rolls of carpet -- staples
for Tony Izzo and Sons and Grandsons, one of the oldest and most
respected small businesses in this western Upper Peninsula city.

A basketball is tucked behind a roll of Berber carpet, ready for
when Tom -- one of those grandsons and the Michigan State University
men's basketball coach -- visits soon after coaching his team
this weekend in the Final Four.


He left Iron Mountain nearly 25 years ago, but his influence remains.
And Iron Mountain's influence remains with him.

Friends say it shows in how he runs the Spartans basketball program
and stays connected to his hometown.

"Iron Mountain is just the kind of a community where everybody
knows everybody and helps everybody," Tom Izzo, 45, says. "I
tend to bring some of those values to my players."

Toughness and togetherness are survival tools in this town of
8,500 -- 425 miles and a world away from East Lansing.

U.S. 2 snakes through Iron Mountain and Dickinson County, meshing
with 524 miles of rivers and countless lakes. But the beautiful
scenery masks a long struggle for survival for the town and its
residents.

Hard work and harmony are the secrets to success -- and the only
hint that Iron Mountain is the kind of place that could forge
coaching minds like Izzo and his close friend and former high
school classmate, San Francisco 49ers coach Steve Mariucci.

The Izzo family came to Iron Mountain in 1896. Settlers mined
the region for the rich iron ore deposits that the rest of the
Midwest needed to make steel and iron.

Tony Izzo, Tom's grandfather, broke away from the mines when he
opened a shoe shop in Iron Mountain in 1914.

Today, the expanded business includes carpeting and home improvements.
Among the workers: Tom's father, Carl, and two uncles, Ralph and
Andri. All three of the elder Izzos are in their 70s.

"We're from the old school," Ralph Izzo says. "We wouldn't
know what else to do if we didn't have work."

Tom Izzo started with the family business when he was 12. He was
doing jobs himself by his late teens -- emulating the lessons
of his father.

"He always worked 12- and 14-hour days when I was growing up,"
Tom says. "For me, that's kind of ingrained, and that's just
the way it is."

Mariucci and Izzo were roommates at Northern Michigan University.

Izzo, undersized and not athletic by college standards, was not
offered a scholarship and had to prove his worth as a walk-on.
He ended his career as a starter and team captain.

After coaching one year at Ishpeming High, he returned to Northern
Michigan as an assistant. He spent three years persuading Michigan
State coach Jud Heathcote to give him a shot with a big-time program,
which he got in 1983, hired as a part-time assistant. Starting
salary: $ 7,000 a year.

He has been in East Lansing since. Now in his fifth season as
head coach -- and making $ 725,000, plus incentives -- Izzo has
not forgotten Iron Mountain. Nor has the town forgotten him.

He is the speaker for this spring's Iron Mountain High graduation
ceremony.

"Just thinking that he walked these same hallways," says Kathryn
Fornetti, a senior. "It's amazing. He (and Mariucci) have done
a lot to make this school better."

Izzo and Mariucci will run their third annual charity golf outing
in Iron Mountain this summer. Last year's event raised $ 140,000
for the school district and the region's Special Olympics program.

"Those guys don't have to do what they do, but they're always
helping out," says Mark Phillips, another student. "If I ever
make it big, I'm going to give back to the school, too."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY; At home: Michigan State coach Tom
Izzo, talking with Aloysius Anagonye, says he 'tends to bring some of those
values' from Iron Mountain, Mich., to his program. He left the town nearly 25
years ago, but his family still lives and works there in their small business.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Maintain line between industry influence and public health research

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 261 words


Sept. 15--New revelations of how the sugar industry laid a foundation nearly 60
years ago for today's obesity epidemic should inspire lawmakers to develop their
own sweet tooth for publicly funding public health research.

Researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, have discovered that
the sugar industry paid researchers at Harvard University about $50,000 in the
mid-1960s for research findings that exonerated refined sugar and implicated
saturated fat in the development of heart disease.

All of the researchers and the sugar industry representatives involved in the
influence-peddling are dead. As reported by The New York Times, one of the
researchers, Dr. D. Mark Hegsted, later became head of nutrition at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. In that role, he helped develop federal nutrition
guidelines that warned of the health implications of saturated fats, not sugars.

Some nutrition experts told The Times that many consumers switched to low-fat,
high-sugar diets that helped set off today's obesity epidemic.

Harvard did not dispute the revelation but noted that ethical standards for
research are markedly different now than in 1960s.

True enough. But the only way to truly maintain a bright line between industry
influence and public health research findings is to ensure that the research has
independent funding. That, in turn, requires renewed government commitment to
such research.

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160915-YT-EDITORIAL-Maintain-line-between-industry-influence
-and-public-health-research-0915-20160915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Iranian press focuses on opportunities, threats in international relations

LENGTH: 1535 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials and commentaries
published in the 29 August editions of Iranian newspapers available to BBC
Monitoring at 0530 gmt:

Opportunities and problems in Iran's relations with other countries

Resalat [conservative]: "If any ordinary person examines the reasons for
America's hostility towards Iran, it will simply become clear that the enmity of
the USA is essentially not linked to nuclear issues and the nuclear problem was
a pretext to intimidate Iran, limit the Iranian capabilities, restrict Iran's
influence in the region, and prepare grounds to penetrate inside Iran and make
it ready for changes from within. The main reason for America's hostility is the
fat and soft slice the Iranian nation pulled out of the US jaws and more than 30
years of yearning to once again bite this slice, which has made it [USA]
restless. From all perspectives, Iran has been one of the world's most precious
lands for arrogant powers". (Editorial by Seyyed Mas'ud Shahidi headlined: "The
US arrogance and opening for influence") (http://tinyurl.com/nsqktor)

Iran [moderate]: "Iran and Saudi Arabia have experienced major challenges in a
wide range of international and regional issues and even in their bilateral
relations over the recent years. Unfortunately, the challenges have sometimes
led to instances of hostility. In addition to problems in bilateral relations,
the strained relations have had a destructive impact in various fields in the
region as well as in the Muslim world. ... Iran and Saudi Arabia, as two great
and powerful countries in the region, can find a solution to overcome the
current situation within the frameworks of direct negotiations". (Editorial by
Hoseyn Sadeqi headlined: "Regional confidence-building, the last parenthesis in
relations with Saudi Arabia") (http://tinyurl.com/p8e6qzg)

Siyasat-e Ruz [conservative]: "America and Europe have always announced that the
Islamic Republic of Iran should play a constructive role in addressing regional
issues. ... The main reason behind such position is to show that Iran has not
had a constructive role in the regional issues in the past, but now that the
[nuclear] agreement is reached, it should change its role and act
constructively. ... Westerners pursue the policy aimed at undermining the
policies of the Islamic Republic of Iran through influencing policies, a number
of acts of domestic treason, and by launching a negative propaganda against our
country's policies in the region and within public opinion". (Editorial by
Sivash Kaviani headlined "Constructive role as seen by the USA")
(http://tinyurl.com/obtdppz)

E'temad [reformist]: "It seems that Italians and Germans will remain as the most
important trade partners of Iran in Europe after the conditions of the nuclear
deal are satisfied, because they [Italy and Germany] maintained their
relationships in the times when the country was experiencing sanctions. France,
which has cooperated with us in manufacturing industries, did not behave well
and abandoned everything in the times of sanctions. However, everything has
remained at the level of talk in the current conditions and as long as the
banking and financial sanctions are not lifted, we cannot make remarks about
widespread cooperation". (Commentary by Mohammad Mahdi Ra'iszadeh headlined:
"Who are Iran's most important post-sanction partners?") (http://goo.gl/3xN9oV)

Javan [hardline]:"After reaching a nuclear agreement with Iran, the USA is
seeking to use most of its capabilities to fight against Iran's regional
influence. According to some Western officials, the Islamic Republic's influence
in West Asian countries is more dangerous for them than the nuclear talks. They
have accurately found out that the Islamic Republic of Iran will put an end to
the strangers' influence in the strategic West Asia region through stabilizing
their influence in the region and reviving the Islamic awakening phenomenon
forever. The nations of the region will be able to have control on their own
region after many years. Such developments in the region are incompatible with
the strategic interests of the hegemonic system and the USA. Therefore, the USA
will try to change the current trend of developments in the West Asia region in
its allies' and its own favour through mobilizing the possibilities and using
its capabilities as well as limiting Iran's power to its borders and undermine
it through putting an end to the Islamic Republic's influence [in the region]".
(Commentary by Dr Yadollah Javani headlined: "Target point in US plan for the
region in the post-deal era") (http://tinyurl.com/ov6jg2f)

Mardom Salari [reformist]: "To protect honour and dignity of the Islamic
Republic of Iran, we should obey international norms. ... The establishment of
ties with [foreign] countries, including Britain, Germany and others, should be
welcomed. On the other hand, when our ties with them become broader, it means
that a secure atmosphere for investment has been created. ... It seems that the
reopening of the British Embassy in Iran is considered not only as the reopening
of embassy, but it is also a guarantee for the creation of a better and more
secure atmosphere for investments. ... Therefore, the establishment of ties from
this perspective - both in terms of foreign countries' investments [in Iran],
the entry and emergence of technologies in Iran, lifting of sanctions, and
creation of a secure atmosphere are considered an outcome of the reopening of
the two countries' [Iran's and Britain's] embassies". (Editorial by Bahram
Amir-Ahmadian headlined: "Iran's diplomacy, a move towards [becoming] a power in
the region") (http://tinyurl.com/q2dlyjv)

Implementation of JCPOA

Keyhan [hard-line]: "Even in the most unlikely and worst case of Majlis adopting
the JCPOA [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action for the implementation of the
Iran-P5+1 nuclear agreement] in its entirety, the Guardian Council of the
constitution that is to legitimize Majlis resolutions will certainly not go
along with the JCPOA provisions contrary to the religion and the constitution
and will reject such a resolution. Although, in view of its content, the
approval of the JCPOA in Majlis is very unlikely, the Guardian Council will
certainly oppose it even if the JCPOA is passed in parliament and ultimately,
its provisions contrary to the national interests will not be imposed on the
Iranian people". (Editorial by Mohammad Sadeq Faqfuri headlined: "Majlis should
not wait") (http://tinyurl.com/ncte26r)

Two years of Rouhani government in power

Jomhuri-ye Eslami [centrist]: "As half of the term of this government is over,
it can be an opportunity to assess its performance. One must be fair enough to
say that considering the two harsh realities faced by the 11th government, two
years should not be regarded as sufficient time to fulfil President [Hassan
Rouhani's] promises. However, it is interesting that despite huge obstacles, the
most important election promises of President Rouhani have been implemented. The
two obstacles are: A collapsing economy replete with corruption that this
government inherited from the previous government, and second, the conspiracy to
bring down oil prices, which are to go below 40 dollars a barrel from more than
100 dollars a barrel. ... Even the most pessimistic people cannot ignore at
least three brilliant and impressive successes of the 11th government:
Conclusion of nuclear talks, success in the implementation of health programmes,
and reduction in inflation". (Unattributed editorial headlined: "A look at the
record of the 11th government") (http://tinyurl.com/ntedjey)

Arman [reformist]: "One of the initial mistakes that [President Hassan]
Rouhani's government made was the promise interior minister made to Majlis MPs
on coordination with MPs for the election of governor generals, which led to the
process of electing governor generals lasting about a year. ... Fortunately,
after the Iran-P5+1 deal was signed, we were able to witness a change both in
the government and the Interior Ministry. ... Despite the hard path, the
government is slowly moving toward fulfilling the promises it has made to the
people in these fields". (Editorial by Mohammad Javad Haqshenas headlined:
"Post-deal [era], time for reconciliation") (http://tinyurl.com/pjudc2c)

EU facing migration problem

Khorasan [conservative]: "The wave of asylum seekers' migration to Europe has
created serious challenges for EU members. The migrants resort to any efforts to
reach the dream of peace, the peace, which has disappeared due to EU's wrong
decisions in foreign policy. Libya's occupation by NATO aimed at supporting and
protecting the people and civilian areas and their [NATO's] untimely withdrawal
following [former Libyan leader Mu'ammar] Qadhafi's death caused the emergence
and spread of terrorist groups in this country. On the other hand, not dealing
with Da'ish [Islamic State/IS/ISIL/ISIS] in Syria has sent a flood of asylum
seekers to Europe; but now Europe has no room for migrants". (International
analysis by Nabi Sharifi headlined: "Dream upside-down")
(http://tinyurl.com/qe4fye7)

Source: Quotes package from BBC Monitoring, in Persian 29 Aug 15

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 834 words


<b>POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE</b>

Stephanie Givens, employee of ABC Property Management, reported Tuesday $1,200
damage by graffiti to a vinyl fence at property at the corner of North
Courcelles Parkway and North Joanna Drive.

Nicholas Hargrove reported Wednesday the $1,130 theft of a laptop computer,
backpack and textbooks from his 1998 Ford Explorer parked at his home on the 900
block of East Shadow Wood Lane.

<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE BARRY WATSON</b>

Cynthia M. Shalda, 53, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (excessive);
$2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (347 days suspended, 18 days
credited), one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Roderick A. Hunt, 44, Newman Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (140 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Ashlee L. Littell, 22, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (169 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Randall D. Johnson, 31, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Debbie L. Rice, 43, Coeur d'Alene; battery-domestic violence without traumatic
injury against a household member; $1,000 fine (suspended), 180 days in jail
(166 days suspended, 14 days credited), two years probation.

Soubyachhe Big Bean-Flores, 31, Puyallup, Wash.; misdemeanor probation
violation; five days in jail or proof of completion of counseling.

Jesse Y. Morales, 43, Prescott, Ariz.; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

<b>JUDGE CLARK PETERSON</b>

Jesse M. Howard, 32, Athol; battery; $500 fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in
jail (175 days suspended) or 24 hours county work program, two years probation.

<b>JUDGE PATRICK MCFADDEN</b>

Darryl P. Denipah, 43, Post Falls; willful concealment; $300 fine (suspended),
180 days in jail (150 days suspended), one year probation.

<b>JUDGE JAMES STOW</b>

Ricardo Huerta, 23, Post Falls; resisting/obstructing officers; $1,000 fine
($750 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended, 10 days credited), two
years probation.

Zachary M. Aronson, 20, Sagle; petty theft; $300 fine, five days in jail.

<b>CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

Mountain West Bank v. Witherspoon Homes Inc., James Witherspoon and Diana
Witherspoon, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Tia West and Mike West v. Tim Devine and John Cook, seeking $5,000.

Hitachi Capital America Corp. v. Rickey Fite and Rick Fite, seeking $11,703.

Spokane Merchants Association, dba National Association of Credit Management v.
Kenneth "Buck" and Kari Melton, seeking $21,544.

<b>CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Shawna D. and Wayne Land, plaintiff awarded
$1,551.

Capital One Bank v. Lisa Pannell, plaintiff awarded $2,127.

Runge Finance Co. v. Tara Hall and Monty Hall, plaintiff awarded $3,369.

Discover Bank v. Byron Herrick, plaintiff awarded $2,503.

PFI Loans v. Christina Riddle, plaintiff awarded $1,245.

Runge Finance Co. v. Scott Couturier and April Couturier, plaintiff awarded
$1,571.

Capital One Bank v. Robert Welsh, plaintiff awarded $2,282.

Capital One Bank v. Bobby Jones, plaintiff awarded $2,664.

Jan Whitmarsh v. Gene T. Ball, plaintiff awarded $1,000.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Colton Turcott, plaintiff awarded $2,789.

Capital One Bank v. Cedric Ward, plaintiff awarded $19,988.

Discover Bank v. Saundra Miller, plaintiff awarded $5,226.

James and Nancy Doty v. Dennis Decker, plaintiff awarded $3,352.

Shelly Rockstrom v. Shane Shantie, plaintiff awarded $1,825.

Livingston Financial LLC v. Tammy Stevens, plaintiff awarded $7,749.

Capital One Bank v. Eric Marvin, plaintiff awarded $1,874.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Gail Stahmann and
Randy Stahmann, plaintiff awarded $1,081.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Sandy Dolence, plaintiff awarded $2,466.

<b>CIVIL DISMISSALS</b>

Capital One Bank v. Wallace Pratt.

GMAC Inc. v. Mathuew Powell and Jennifer Powell.

<b>DIVORCES GRANTED</b>

Matthew Bailey from April Bailey.

Ernest K. Akers from Stacy S. Akers.

<b>BANKRUPTCIES

Filings from April 11.

Chapter 7</b> (liquidation petitions)

Michael T. Mahoney, aka Thomas Mahoney, Hayden, debts of $25,333.

Rodney B. and Teresa D. Bashaw, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $271,801.

Lucia Laizure, Rathdrum, debts of $251,468.

Brandon M. and Emily S. Minter, Hayden, debts of $175,681.

Keith J. and Vall M. Moore, Athol, debts of $162,411.

<b>Chapter 13</b> (wage-earner petitions)

Donald N. Nelson and Talopatina P. Nelson, fbda White Wolf Trading, fdba White
Wolf Garden Center, Spirit Lake, debts of $178,540.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            September 6, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Politico's son has Denver in Huff

BYLINE: Penny Parker Denver Post Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. K-01

LENGTH: 576 words


When you're born to a powerhouse politico such as David Axelrod, isn't your
destiny a career in the political arena?

Sort of, says Ethan Axelrod, the 22-year-old son of a senior adviser to
President Barack Obama.

Was dear ol' Dad a big influence on Ethan's current path to opening a Denver
bureau (he calls it a "page") of the influential Huffington Post website?

"I wouldn't think so," Ethan said. "I think I have views in politics I wouldn't
have otherwise had. But he virtually had no influence in me getting into
journalism. I make my own decisions, and he didn't push me one way or another."

Still, you'd think something from Dad would have wound its way into his youngest
son's genes. Ethan, a Colorado College political science and history grad,
recently returned to Denver to set up Colorado's version of the popular Post.
The home ship is based in Washington, D.C., with only three satellites - New
York, Chicago and Denver.

Denver? How'd our town attract Huffington Post interest before West Coast big
brothers such as Los Angeles or San Francisco?

"I think there are a few reasons why Denver is the third local site," Ethan
said. "It's a city that's increasingly young and a destination for people. The
Democratic National Convention being here lent itself to that image."

The Huffington Post is known in media circles as an aggregator, a site that
collects headlines and stories from other news sources and posts them on its
page.

"It will be a microcosm of the national page - a lot of politics, local crime
stories, and I hope to cover big sports," Ethan said. "I think we have a really
good platform to provide a one-stop shop for news in Colorado."

The huffingtonpost.com/denver page goes live on Sept. 15.

Big bucks. More than 175 deep- pocket Denver dudes and dudettes sidled up to a
chair at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House in the Tech Center to fuel up
before they cowboyed up on their way to the Champion Junior Livestock Sale in
Pueblo Tuesday.

The Denver Rustlers, as the big-

shot big bucks are called, have raised more than $1 million over the years to
help junior livestock raisers earn money for college.

Seen at the Del Frisco's round-

up: Mayor John Hickenlooper, former Mayor Wellington Webb, MDC Holdings pardners
Larry Mizel and David Mandarich, House Speaker Terrance Carroll, U.S. Rep. Ed
Perlmutter, power-

broker and lawyer Steve Farber, U.S. Sen. Mark Udall, farm equipment supplier
Buck Hutchison, and Denver Post publisher William Dean Singleton.

Eavesdropping on a man talking about a woman who had recent foot surgery: "She
was on crutches with a bright green cast slightly more unsteady than her Manolo
Blahniks."

Penny Parker's column appears Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday. Listen to
her on the Caplis and Silverman radio show between 4 and 5 p.m. Fridays on
KHOW-AM (630). Call her at 303-954-5224 or e-mail pparker@denverpost.com

----------------------------------------

No bones about it. Bones, the misnamed Frank Bonanno noodle-bowl eatery at East
Seventh Avenue and Grant Street, has been named one of the country's Best New
Asian Noodle Bars in the October issue of Bon Appetit magazine.

Bonanno, who named the restaurant sandwiched between his fine dining restaurants
Luca D'Italia and Mizuna after his college nickname (even though the name
conjures up a rib joint), got the Bon Appetit writer's nod for his cold soba
noodle bowl with lamb and goat cheese. The 35-seat spot takes reservations via
opentable.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 14, 2009 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1434 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Roy Wargi reported Thursday $400 damage to a window at his residence on the 2000
block of E. Coeur d'Alene Ave.

Kootenai County sheriff

Edward Blanchette, Hayden Lake, reported Thursday $700 damage to a window and a
glass door at the Dalton Gardens City Hall on the 6300 block at N. Fourth St. in
Dalton Gardens.

Chad Ebert, Post Falls, groundskeeper at Coeur d'Alene Wapiti Ranch, reported
Thursday $100 damage to a wire fence and the $20,500 theft of an elk antler shed
and an elk antler from the 15000 block of S. Hwy 95 in Coeur d'Alene.

Nicholas Caron, Hayden, reported Thursday $800 damage to the tailgate of a 2001
Ford truck on the 6600 block of E. Fernan Lake Road in Coeur d'Alene.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Michael L. Heim, 27, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence, amended to
reckless driving; $750 fine, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, 30 days driver's license suspension, six months probation.

Maureen O. Miller, 44, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (165 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Jeffrey B. Mitchell, 24, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges (second
offense); $750 fine, 25 days in jail, 365 days driver's license suspension.

Judge Scott Wayman

Michelle M. Dingman, 29, Coeur d'Alene; possession of a controlled substance;
$500 fine, 180 days in jail (150 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, one year probation.

Amy J. Mossuto, 32, Coeur d'Alene; count I: battery; $1,000 fine ($900
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended), one year probation. Count II:
battery; $1,000 fine ($900 suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended),
one year probation.

Thomas J. Nollan, 25, assault - domestic violence in the presence of a child;
$1,000 fine ($750 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 24 hours
county work program, two years probation.

Kelly P. Sturgis, 47, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $6,000 fine, 180
days in jail, 180 days driver's license suspension.

Gary L. Quincy, 44, Post Falls; driving under the influence, amended to
inattentive driving; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, one year probation.

Mark D. Francis, 54, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, five
days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

Judge James Stowe

Thomas F. Wright, 26, Spokane; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Curtis L. Gallup, 31, Post Falls; failure to provide proof of insurance; $1,000
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (165 days suspended) or 40 hours county
work program, two years probation.

Lane G. Stevens, 34, Post Falls; failure to present identification purchase
liquor/beer; 10 days in jail.

Judge Scot Nass

Lori E. Cowperthwaite, 39, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence
(excessive), amended to driving under the influence (first offense); $600.50
fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (122 days suspended), 90 days driver's
license suspension, one year probation.

Jeremiah R. Boss, 30, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense), amended to driving under the influence (first offense); $600 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's
license suspension, one year probation.

Craig B. Wineteer, 53, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (excessive),
amended to driving under the influence (first offense); 180 days in jail (175
days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Damon Moore-Ridner, 29, Post Falls; count I: battery; 180 days in jail (121 days
suspended), two years probation. Count II: battery; 180 days in jail (121 days
suspended), two years probation.

Gary C. Foulkes, 49, Liberty Lake; driving under the influence; $750 fine, four
days in jail or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

Darlene R. Denny, 61, Coeur d'Alene; petit theft; $300 fine, 10 days in jail or
40 hours county work program.

Travis R. Daniels, 21, Coeur d'Alene; count I: assault - domestic violence in
the presence of a child; 180 days in jail (146 days suspended), one year
probation. Count II: possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use; 180
days in jail (146 days suspended), one year probation.

Jeremy M. Ruggles, 27, Post Falls; assault - domestic violence in the presence
of a child; $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (179 days suspended),
one year probation.

Civil complaints

Coeur d'Alene Property Management Inc. v. Tanya Chiono, plaintiff seeking
$5,000.

Coeur d'Alene Property Management Inc. v. Catherine Yeheskel, plaintiff seeking
$1,200.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Sheila Taylor, plaintiff seeking $1,493.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Robbins and Theresa Robbins, plaintiff seeking
$11,080.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Natalie Steffins, plaintiff seeking $3,368.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Kevin Swanson, plaintiff seeking $3,198.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Casey Thompson, plaintiff seeking $1,758.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jared White, plaintiff seeking $3,921.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Carol Nelson aka Carol Woulle, plaintiff seeking
$6,846.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Chris Varela and Shannon Varela, plaintiff seeking
$1,157.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Billy Persick and Jessica Persick, plaintiff seeking
$7,779.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Julie Browning, plaintiff seeking $1,190.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Savannah King, plaintiff seeking $2,409.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kerry Damiano, plaintiff seeking $2,305.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. William Magee and Barbara Magee, plaintiff
seeking $1,026.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Starlett Hart and Michael Hart, plaintiff
seeking $1,260.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Travis Law and Tamara Law, plaintiff seeking
$4,370.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Pamela Koppos, plaintiff seeking $4,698.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Elise Higgins and Jeffrey Higgins, plaintiff
seeking $3,971.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Steven Birmingham and Kathryn Birmingham,
plaintiff seeking $1,451.

Douglas Evans v. Douglas Miller and Allison Miller dba Legendary Builders,
plaintiff seeking $5,000.

Peterson Enterprises Inc. dba Valley Empire Collection v. Adrianne Sego and
Michael Sego, plaintiff seeking $1,582.

Glen Ormiston v. Sara Berge, plaintiff seeking $1,985.

Alexandra Flowerdew v. Kevin Chapin, plaintiff seeking an amount to be proved at
trial.

Civil judgments

LVNV Funding LLC v. Wendy Waters, plaintiff awarded $2,374.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Josh Pare, plaintiff awarded $2,468.

JP Development Inc. dba ACCTCORP International v. Patrishia Fullmer, plaintiff
awarded $1,297.

State of Idaho Industrial Commission v. Benito Balderrama dba Benny's Auto Body,
plaintiff awarded $4,825.

Les Schwab Tire Center v. Janet Rosa and Joey Rosa, plaintiff awarded $1,562.

CACH LLC v. Theresa Vincent, plaintiff awarded $9,567.

Jeffrey Jeske v. Kevin Mylan, plaintiff awarded $3,558.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kevin Campbell and Lindsay Campbell,
plaintiff awarded $1,614.

Civil dismissals

Runge Finance Co. v. Jason Moutray.

Runge Finance Co. v. Robert Dyer.

Hagadone Directories Inc. v. Shawn Conklin.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Anthony Sygiel.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. James Hammer and Cherish Hammer.

Athena Cansino v. Jamie Coates and Scott Davis.

Deborah Tegtmeier v. Joanne Bennett.

Jeff Purdie v. Affordable Boat Service.

Marriage Licenses

Brandon G. Stokey and Amanda R. Rupp, both of Sandpoint.

Ruben S. Morales and Laura A. Parks, both of Post Falls.

Luke E. Ferguson and Ashley J. Hinkelmann, both of Rathdrum.

Dustin P. Thompson and Nicole C. Sobelman, both of Hayden.

Kendal B. Byxbe and Christine M. Cahill, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Phillip J. Dorr and Holly M. Bruch, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Joshua A. Morgan and Dorothy M. Napoli, both of Spirit Lake.

William T. Yongue and Joyce R. Warren, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Raymond J. Helnore Jr. and Teryn K. Douglas, both of Post Falls.

Karl J. Jones and Brandi A. Brennan, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Eric L. Houser and Crystalynn N. Rivas, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Frank A. Lunceford and Jonell Glisson, both of Hayden.

Divorces sought

Constance A. Faller from Maximilian J. Faller.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 483 words


NEWS OF RECORD

SHOSHONE COUNTY

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Shoshone Adjustment Bureau v. Robert and Connie Amstutz, seeking $3,160.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Shoshone Adjustment Bureau v. Michael and Rusan Walsh, award of $2,062.

---

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE ROBERT BURTON

Trevor T. Johnson, 28, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $700 fine, 90
days in jail (88 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Kenneth E. Haviland, 43, Post Falls; unlawful discharge of a firearm within city
of Hayden; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 40 hours county
work program, two years probation.

Lance J. Sinka, 32, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $700 fine, 180 days
in jail (174 days suspended) or 48 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Jeremy W. Ray, 25, Spokane; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days in
jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Cody A. Cragun, 19, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $700 fine, 90
days in jail (87 days suspended) or 24 hours county work program, two years
probation.

Michelle J. Castillo, 39, Coeur d'Alene; frequenting a place where drugs are
used, etc.; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (80 days suspended), two years probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Midland Credit Management Inc. v. Michael South Sr., seeking $5,408.

Midland Credit Management Inc. v. Roberta Bozarth, seeking $4,282.

Shannon White v. John Goodlander, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Midland Credit Management Inc. v. Beverly Lodge, seeking $4,074.

Rashell MacDonald v. Gary Andregg, seeking $1,931.

State Farm Bank v. Heidi Hooper, seeking $4,649.

Citibank South Dakota N.A. v. Leonard Parsons, seeking $14,634.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Chad Cherry, seeking $3,706.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Jennifer Jeanblanc,
fka Jennifer Nelson, seeking $1,085.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Brian Mason and Jamie Mason, seeking $2,844.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Emma Pike, seeking $2,802.

Interstate Concrete and Asphalt Co. v. Ditches Unlimited Inc., and Arvistis
McKinnie II, aka Arvistis McKinnie, seeking $6,955.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Diane Olson, seeking $1,469.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Amy Willis, seeking $1,789.

Midland Credit Management Inc. v. Steven Thompson, seeking $11,391.

Merritt Bros Lumber Co. v. James Palmer, dba Palmer Chiropractic, seeking
$6,484.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Amendola, Andersen and Doty v. Michael Bova, plaintiff awarded $2,630.

Jamar Associates Inc. v. Greg Richmond, plaintiff awarded $2,000.

Centurion Capital Corp. v. Gregory Ransom, plaintiff awarded $2,349.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Cassie Coll from Daniel Coll.

Thomas Wuest from Janene Wuest.

Steven Grubb from Leslee Grubb.

Amy Henson from Kurt Henson.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 2, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 408 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center, (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Sonia L. Baird - 29, Kootenai, possession of a controlled substance, $40,000
bond.

Joshua W. Charlton - 18, Sandpoint, delivery of marijuana, $20,000 bond.

George M. Kelly - 52, Colburn, parole violation/domestic battery, $40,000 bond.

Daimon P. Meador - 25, Sandpoint, parole violation/eluding police officer,
$40,000 bond.

Jason A. Roberts - 35, Sandpoint, parole violation/driving under the influence,
$40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

James T. Brown - 49, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/fraud, $2,000 bond.

Timothy R. Camacho - 24, Fort Collins, Colo., failure to appear/driving under
the influence, $890 bond.

Charlene R. Coleman - 29, Blanchard, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $5,000 bond.

Jayson S. Cox -  23, Sandpoint, failure to appear/disturbing the peace, $5,000
bond.

Christopher W. Deubel - 30, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $4,000 bond.

Craig R. Flink -  36, Lolo, Mont., failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$5,000 bond.

Travis A. Haxby - 19, Superior, Mont., failure to comply/petty theft, $3,000
bond.

Glendora R. Howard - 40, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Brandon V. Hurst - 23, Troy, Mont., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, parole violation/unlawful entry, $11,000 bond.

Joann C. Nettleingham -  30, Elmira, possession of a controlled substance,
$1,000 bond.

Brenton M. Peterson - 25, Spokane, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
open container, possession of paraphernalia, $2,500 bond.

Graeme Sinclair -  49, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $328 bond.

Kevin L. Buckhout - 27, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
two days in jail.

Ronald D. Berg - 58, Sandpoint, insufficient funds check, $500 bond.

Louis C. Querrard -  33, transient, failure to appear/unauthorized use of a
motor vehicle, $2,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             June 22, 2004 Tuesday

WESTERN GOVERNORS ADVOCATE EARLY 2008 PRIMARIES

BYLINE: STEVE TERRELL

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 643 words


To increase the influence of Western voters on national presidential contests
and to force candidates to focus on regional issues, governors of five Western
states Monday agreed to push for an early presidential primary for 2008 in the
area.

Govs. Bill Richardson of New Mexico, Janet Napolitano of Arizona, Olene Walker
of Utah, Bill Owens of Colorado and Mike Rounds of South Dakota -- who were
attending the Western Governors Association's meeting in Santa Fe -- said they
were confident their states would go along with a plan to hold presidential
primaries or caucuses on the same day early in the election season.

"I have the feeling we've got the force with us," Walker said.

"The issues of the West -- agriculture, water, energy, drought, immigration,
environment -- will take center stage, and that's the way it should be,"
Richardson said.

But national political pundit Larry Sabato warned the governors that a Western
primary wouldn't have much influence unless it's held before the traditional
first-in-the-nation presidential contests.

"It's first or it doesn't count," said Sabato, who is director of the Center for
Politics at the University of Virginia. He said John Kerry essentially wrapped
up the nomination this year when he came from behind to win the Iowa caucus in
January.

Sabato urged the governors to "break up the duopoly" of New Hampshire and Iowa.
These, he said, are unrepresentative states with lopsided clout in the
presidential-selection process, and their primaries have led to "stale politics"
and "stale issues."

"Why shouldn't it be the West?" Sabato said to reporters at the conference. "Why
shouldn't the fastest growing, dynamic, ethnically diverse states of the West
have a much greater voice in the election of a president than the lily-white
states of Iowa and New Hampshire? They've had their chance."

New Hampshire has a state law mandating it hold its presidential primary a week
before any other state. Sabato said the Western states should "out bluff" New
Hampshire, as well as those in the national political parties who want to keep
the status quo.

Besides influencing the nominating process and getting media attention, Sabato
said, the states with the early primaries tend to get a bigger share of
presidential appointments as well as federal dollars. "Why shouldn't you have
the goodies?"

Sabato said he thinks there's a good chance of an early Western primary becoming
a reality. "I see this in Governor Richardson," he said. "He's going to make it
happen."

A resolution that unanimously passed the bipartisan group of governors calls for
a working group to come up with specific dates and other details for a regional
primary.

The association will send the resolution to the national and state chairmen of
the major political parties and to the secretaries of state in the Western
region.

While Richardson is a strong advocate of an early Western regional primary, he
expressed concern about a potential problem with such a plan -- smaller states
being overshadowed by California, which has the country's largest population.
That state is larger -- and thus has more convention delegates -- than several
other Western states put together.

But Sabato said California would tend to attract better-funded candidates, while
candidates with less money might flock to smaller states to compete. "Someone
might be able to say, 'I won three states, while my opponent only won one state,
California,' " he said.

California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger did not attend the conference.

New Mexico Secretary of State Rebecca Vigil-Giron told the panel of governors
that the National Association of Secretaries of State is advocating a plan in
which four regional presidential primaries would be held, one a month between
February and May every election year. The order would rotate, with each region
getting to go first every 16 years.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 14, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

Report Shows That Baiul Drove Under the Influence

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02; FANFARE

LENGTH: 221 words


Olympic gold medal figure skater Oksana Baiul was driving under the influence
when she ran her car off a road while returning home from a night out in
Hartford, Conn., this weekend, a Saint Francis Hospital and Medical Center
report shows.

Baiul, who at 19 is two years under the legal drinking age in Connecticut, had a
blood-alcohol level of .168 percent after the accident early Sunday morning,
according to the report obtained by the Associated Press.

The legal limit for blood alcohol in Connecticut is .10 percent. Under a new
zero-tolerance law, underage people charged with driving under the influence
face the automatic suspension of their license if the blood-alcohol level is
over .02.

Baiul, a native of Ukraine, has lived and trained in Simsbury since 1994. She
was a few miles from her home in the Hartford suburb when her green Mercedes
skidded more than 100 feet, then veered off the road at about 2:30 a.m. Sunday.

Baiul and a passenger were not seriously injured. Baiul, who was hospitalized
overnight, had a cut to her scalp that required 12 stitches, while Ararat
Zakarian, 30, a fellow Ukrainian skater living in New York City, had a broken
finger.

A police spokesman confirmed that Baiul was driving but refused further comment.
No charges had been filed as of yesterday afternoon.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 28, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

An ethnic influence adds flair

BYLINE: Nanci Hellmich

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 273 words


If you want a fresh look, consider the hottest ethnic influences - African,
Caribbean and American Indian.

''Ethnic looks are going to be extremely big in the '90s,'' says Leslie Cheek, a
Naples, Fla., interior designer and board member of the American Society of
Interior Designers.

And to get that earthy ethnic appeal in a room, ''Handcrafted is the key word -
arts and crafts in the primitive forms,'' says Heather Paper, editor of Better
Homes and Gardens Decorating.

Harriette Cole, contemporary living editor for Essence magazine, describes the
African design influence as ''a more pure design statement.

''It's an incredibly exciting trend. The availability of what we are calling
Afrocentric design has grown exponentially'' in the last few years, she says.

Colors range from very bright for the Caribbean look to dark neutrals and some
vivid colors for an African statement.

Ideas for injecting ethnic accessories into your home:

- African. Masks, primitive bronze sculptures, wooden bowls or platters,
baskets, soapstone sculptures.

- Southwest. Simply woven American Indian baskets, blankets, pierced tin pieces.

- Caribbean. Primitive wood pieces that are brightly painted, hammered screens
or plaques.

These pieces not only add a new dimension to your home, they are great
conversation pieces, Cheek says.

One possible twist: Mix handcrafted items with high-tech ones.

But a word of caution: Don't overdo the ethnic look. It takes some skill and
sophistication. Though a few people may choose to decorate an entire house in a
theme, designers say, most people find that a few pieces go a long way.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color,'Better Homes and Gardens' (Furniture)

CUTLINE: SOUTHWEST FLAIR: Not-so-humble homes; The American Indian look - with
earthy colors and natural accents - is one of the hottest trends in home
decorating. So are African and Caribbean influences. More tips on updating your
rooms, Home Design special section, 5D-8D.

HOME DESIGN SPECIAL SECTION

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                FSView & Florida Flambeau (Tallahassee, Florida)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 26, 2010

Uncovering the Dead Confederate;
Athens-based music group takes Tallahassee

BYLINE: NICKI KARIMIPOUR, Assistant Arts & Life Editor

LENGTH: 651  words


Dead Confederate hails from the musically-rich locale of Athens, Ga. Their music
has been known for its moody southern melodies, simplistic and often dark
lyrics, not to mention grunge-like feel. Drawing inspiration from such renowned
early '90s acts as Dinosaur Jr., The Meat Puppets and Nirvana makes it easy to
meatly package the band and write them off as simply following in the footsteps
of their contemporaries. This, however, would be a mistake. Dead Confederate has
been working since the early 2'000s, and has spent time building up their
musical repertoire and touring with bands like R.E.M. and Alberta Cross, Deer
Tick and Surfer Blood.

They are bringing their own dark brand of southern rock to the Engine Room on
July 30, and the FSView & Florida Flambeau caught up with bassist Brantley Senn
to get the lowdown on current happenings with the band, as well as the story
behind their newest album to be released on August 24, Sugar.

The band made a name for themselves with the release of their debut LP, entitled
Wrecking Ball, in 2008, but before then, they had been playing to SEE DEAD 7
gether since high school, under the name "The Redbelly." After playing
sporadically during their college years, Dead Confederate came together after
graduation to form the band they are today. Once the band members took on
various careers, however, they ultimately realized their passion was in making
music and not in the banality of a nine-to-five workday.

When asked about the origin of their band's moniker, bassist Brantley Senn
stressed the importance of not placing

undue emphasis on musical aspects such as an album's or song's name.

"A rock critic in Atlanta had reviewed our album and said he really loved it,
but he really couldn't get past the name, The Redbelly," Senn said. "Hardy
[Morris] came up with 'Dead Confederate' because it fit the sound of the
band--which I guess would be morbid and southern, you know? It just kind of
sounded like a good rock band. There's not a whole lot of meaning behind it--we
try not to put too much meaning

into things like album and song titles. We try to let the art lie within."

This band's influences range in variety from such well-known rock legends Neil
Young and Lynyrd Skynyrd (an unlikely pair, no doubt) with early indie acts like
R.E.M. and Sonic Youth as musical inspiration. They also derive much of their
musical influences from the bands they tour with.

"Getting to know each other and spending a lot of time on the road--that
influences people more than anything you ever listen to," Senn said. "Bands we
tour with between albums are always going to influence our next album. For our
next album, Sugar, I would say that there is influence from bands we just toured
with like Dinosaur Jr. and the Meat Puppets, and we have so much respect for
those guys. They're so good at what they do after all these years and have been
through so much, it's inspiring to a band like us."

Dead Confederate's favorite venue to play in the U.S. is the prolific club

located in their hometown of Athens, The 40 Watt Club--a place collectively
considered as crucial to the American music scene as CBGB's and Whisky a Go Go,
as it's become a place where Athens and non-Athens based bands alike come to
play, including of Montreal, R.E.M., the Indigo Girls and the Whigs.

When asked about their upcoming Tallahassee show, the band expressed nothing
less than excitement regarding the acts they're currently playing with.

"I remember seeing Deer Tick play before we did our showcase in South by
Southwest with R.E.M," Senn said. "I actually met John [McCau-ley, of Deer Tick]
when he came down to Athens to hang out with us on New Years Eve, and [there's]
a mutual appreciation of each other's music. That goes a long way when you have
to spend a lot of time together on tour with someone."

For a free download of a song off Sugar, visit www.myspace.com/deadconfederate.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFF

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 FSView & The Florida Flambeau


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 5, 2009 Thursday

Police Roundup for 3-6-09

BYLINE: By Stephen Seitz

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 465 words


Brattleboro resident Jed A. Frost, 35, found himself charged with driving under
the influence after Vermont State Police stopped him on U.S. Route 5 in
Dummerston at 1:18 a.m. on Feb. 22. He was later released on citation.

A motor vehicle stop for a couple of traffic violations on Feb. 24 near Canal
Street and Elm Street led Brattleboro police to charge the driver with driving
under the influence. Brattleboro resident Wayne J. Shepard, 55, was later
released on citation.

Also on Feb. 24, Brattleboro police stopped Robert J. Locke, 21, on Putney Road
for a motor vehicle violation. Police said they had reason to believe the Putney
resident had been drinking and charged him with driving under the influence.

A motor vehicle stop by Vermont State Police on Putney Road in Brattleboro led
to a charge of driving under the influence against the driver. Police said they
pulled Russellville, Ark. resident Jared M. Stokes, 25, over at 12:24 a.m. on
Feb. 25; he was later released on citation.

An illegal U-turn on Main Street on Feb. 25 led to a charge of driving under the
influence against the driver who made it, according to Brattleboro police.
Burlington resident Sara P. Koeller, 24, was released on citation to face the
charge at a later date.

Following up on a report of a mother beating her son at a Ledgewood Heights
residence on Feb. 25, Brattleboro police wound up charging Greta R. Lenhart, 27,
with domestic assault and released her on conditions pending arraignment.

Brattleboro resident Mary Graves, 23, found herself charged with driving under
criminal suspension and to have an active arrest warrant following an
investigation by Brattleboro police on Feb. 26. Police said they lodged Graves
for lack of $6,000 bail.

A woman from Brattleboro faces charges as the result of a motor vehicle stop by
Brattleboro police on Western Avenue at 9:15 a.m. on Feb. 27. Police said that
Earnestine Graves, 27, tried to identify herself with her sister's Massachusetts
driver's license and that she had cocaine and prescription pills in her
possession. She was charged with giving false information to a police officer
and possessing regulated drugs; she is scheduled to answer the charge in Windham
District Court in April.

At 1:16 a.m. on Feb. 28, Brattleboro police were summoned to an Elliot Street
residence for a reported assault in progress. Police said they had reason to
believe that Rosemary Hobbs, 55, of Brattleboro, had attacked someone. She was
charged with domestic assault and cited into court at a later date.

Jacksonville resident Heather D. Wentworth, 30, found herself charged with
driving on a criminally suspended license after Brattleboro police pulled her
over on Marlboro Road at around 5:15 p.m. on March 1. Wentworth was given an
April court date to answer the charge.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Political Ban for Casinos Challenged

BYLINE: By Donald Janson

SECTION: Section 12NJ; Page 1, Column 5; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1473 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


THE casino industry and regulatory agencies are locked in a legal battle over
whether New Jersey went too far in restricting casino officials from
participation in the political process, and the next arbiters to have their say
will be three judges of the Appellate Division of Superior Court.

It is a question of constitutional rights versus a state interest in abridging
those rights, and both sides have indicated that they will pursue the issue to
the United States Supreme Court, if necessary.

In the latest stage, an industry lawyer, Edward N. Fitzpatrick of Newark, told
Judges James H. Coleman Jr., Neil F. Deighan Jr. and David S. Baime in oral
arguments on Oct. 31 that New Jersey is so groundlessly fearful of casino
political influence that it would not even let a casino official pay $5 to
attend a breakfast for a candidate for local public office anywhere in the
state.

By barring these officials from contributing even limited amounts of money or
professional services to political organizations or any candidate for any
political office in New Jersey, he said, the state's 1977 Casino Control Act
unconstitutionally restricts their rights to freedom of expression, association
and equal protection of the laws.

Mr. Fitzpatrick was retained by the Atlantic City Casino Association to
represent Gloria E. Soto, a Claridge vice president who is challenging the
restrictions in Section 138 of the act. She contends that barring Atlantic
City's 1,450 casino officers and key employees from full participation in the
political process reduces them to ''second-class citizens.''

Lawyers for the state's casino regulatory agencies, the Casino Control
Commission and the Division of Gaming Enforcement of the Department of Law and
Public Safety, responded that making political contributions was a ''marginal''
or ''minimal'' First Amendment right and that infringing on it was justified
because of ''a compelling state interest'' in preventing efforts by the wealthy
casino industry from buying political influence in the state.

''In light of the dangers of crime and corruption associated with legalized
gaming, the constitutional rights of those participating in the casino industry
may validly be subject to certain restrictions which would not be upheld as
applied to the public in general,'' Deputy Attorney General Gary A. Ehrlich,
representing the gaming division, said in a brief.

''One of the reasons New Jersey has not become Nevada is because we have Section
138 in place,'' he told the judicial panel. ''This is proof that 138 has worked
very well.''

Nevada, the only other state with legal casino gambling, has no restrictions
similar to New Jersey's. In Nevada, casino taxes provide a majority of the state
revenue and the industry wields significant political influence.

Mr. Ehrlich said in his brief that casino gaming ''came to New Jersey with a
history of crime and corruption'' in Nevada and abroad ''and remains vulnerable
to organized crime.''

Robert J. Genatt, general counsel of the Casino Control Commission, said in a
brief that casinos were ''a natural target for criminal purposes'' because they
were susceptible to laundering of tainted funds and skimming of uncounted funds.
He said the New Jersey Legislature intended to tolerate casino gaming only under
stringent controls.

''Section 138 is part of a comprehensive statutory system designed to insulate
our government from the influence of the casino industry,'' Mr. Ehrlich said.

He noted that the New Jersey State Commission of Investigation in a 1977 report
found that political contributions ''by casino licensees, both corporate and
individual, give the appearance of attempting to buy political influence and
favoritism and in fact have the very real potential for causing such favoritism
to occur.''

'Special Danger' Seen

''New Jersey's casino gambling is a unique industry which presents a special
danger of corruption by virtue of its enormous and concentrated economic
power,'' Mr. Ehrlich said.

Even the appearance of corruption is sufficient reason for the restrictions, he
said. He quoted the New Jersey Supreme Court as saying in a 1985 ruling that
blocked the effort of a judge's wife to work for a casino:

''The acknowledged vulnerability of the industry to organized crime magnifies
the importance of maintaining public trust in the integrity of the regulatory
and judicial processes. A public perception that any improper influence has
infiltrated those processes, however slightly, would undermine the trust that is
essential to continued confidence in the industry and, what is more important,
in state government.''

Mr. Fitzpatrick said casinos had been unfairly singled out as the only industry
to be deprived of ''precious'' First Amendment rights.

''Why is it any more corrupting for a casino executive to buy a $5 breakfast
ticket than for a horseracing magnate to do it?'' he asked.

He noted that there were no restrictions on such regulated industries as liquor
and horse racing.

He suggested that a solution might be to place a ''reasonable limit'' on
contributions, but Mr. Ehrlich said the result of that could be circumvention of
the restriction by casino officials acting in concert to make a large number of
small contributions. ''Sometimes the trickle has a way of becoming a flood,'' he
said.

Thomas D. Carver, president of the Atlantic City Casino Association, said that
''people in this industry should be able to exercise the same constitutional
rights as anyone else.''

Called a 'Clean Business'

''They have superimposed the Nevada situation on New Jersey and they are not
comparable,'' he said. ''The industry in New Jersey is a clean business. It is
not involved with organized crime.''

He noted that casinos and key employees must regularly renew their licenses and
in doing so ''prove integrity and good character and get a clean bill of
health.''

Mr. Genatt said that ''New Jersey casinos are operating within the law'' and
that controls imposed by the Casino Control Act had been effective in preventing
''the major abuses which afflicted casinos in other jurisdictions.''

But, he said, ''the need for separation of government from the casino industry
remains essential to increase and retain public confidence in the regulatory
system and to protect the system.''

''Only a complete ban on contributions by casinos and their high-level personnel
will succeed in protecting this paramount state interest,'' he added.

Mr. Genatt said strict licensing and relicensing standards in New Jersey
''reflect the legislative findings that casino gaming in other jurisdictions had
become infested by organized crime, which financed casinos, took hidden
interests, and received funds skimmed from casino operations without recordation
for tax or other purposes.''

Mr. Fitzpatrick said it was ''precisely because of'' the licensing requirements
that a ban on contributions was unnecessary.

''The very strict licensing standards imposed upon casino employees serve to
protect against any threat of crime or corruption,'' he said. ''The only persons
subject to Section 138 are those who have established by clear and convincing
evidence, after a comprehensive investigation, that they possess good character,
honesty and integrity.

Is it rational to prohibit contributions by people who have passed this
extremely strict test?

'This Is Not Nevada'

''New Jersey has had a decade of experience with casino gambling and its
regulation. It is time to recognize that this is not Nevada, and that organized
crime and corruption have not infiltrated the casinos.''

Mr. Fitzpatrick said that the industry agreed with the need for strict
regulation, but that that did not justify singling out casino employees as the
only individuals in the state to be prohibited from making political
contributions.

''Such discriminatory treatment cannot withstand strict scrutiny and must
therefore be declared unconstitutional,'' he said.

The three-judge panel took the issue under advisement and will rule later. Ms.
Soto, who is vice president for legal affairs at the Claridge, is appealing
rulings last year by the Casino Control Commission and Judge L. Anthony Gibson
of Superior Court. Judge Gibson upheld Section 138's ban on contributions of
money or any ''thing of value'' after the commission interpreted ''thing of
value'' to include professional services.

Ms. Soto, a lawyer, wanted to give free legal advice to a group called the New
Jersey Hispanic Democrats and to pay annual dues of $1,000 to the Committee of
200, a group that supports the state Democratic Party with the dues.

Ms. Soto is not contesting another state law that bars casino officials from
holding state and some local elective offices. Mr. Carver said those
restrictions would be challenged next.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bushes Look to Immigration Debate to Reclaim Their Influence

BYLINE: By ASHLEY PARKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1151 words


FORT WORTH -- After years of enormous power and political influence, no member
of the Bush family currently holds political office.

But as the focus on military action in Syria drags former President George W.
Bush's Iraq war policy back into the spotlight, the Bush family is quietly but
forcefully gearing up for another, still-developing debate: The fight on Capitol
Hill over a broad overhaul of the nation's immigration laws -- a discussion
critical to protecting the Bushes' legacy on what has, for decades, been a
defining issue for them.

In July, Mr. Bush, who has largely avoided the political spotlight since leaving
office, attended a naturalization ceremony for newly sworn-in citizens at his
presidential library in Dallas.

Former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida, his brother, has been traveling the country
delivering speeches and writing opinion pieces pegged to his recent book,
''Immigration Wars,'' written with Clint Bolick, which argues for change in the
law.

And Jeb Bush's two sons have been reaching out to Hispanics. George P. Bush, 37,
is a founder of a political action committee -- Hispanic Republicans of Texas --
devoted to promoting Hispanics in Texas politics, and is running for office
himself as a candidate for Texas land commissioner. Jeb Bush Jr., 29, is the
founder of Sun PAC, a Florida group that recruits conservative Hispanic
political candidates.

For the Bushes, immigration is deeply personal. The family chose to root its
political ambitions in Texas, and Jeb Bush's wife, Columba, is from the central
Mexican town of León. The elder George Bush famously, and lovingly, once
referred to his three Mexican-American grandchildren as ''the little brown
ones.''

Now, as the Republican Party struggles with how to attract Hispanic voters,
members of the Bush dynasty seem more determined than ever to exert influence
over the issue they have been helping to shape for years.

''For generations, the Bush family has been connected to Hispanics by history,
geography and family, and as a result, they have a deep understanding and acute
sensitivity to important cultural nuances and political issues that affect the
population,'' said Mark McKinnon, a Republican strategist who worked on both of
George W. Bush's presidential campaigns. ''When it comes to issues affecting
Hispanics, the Bush family has a strong compass.''

The family's outreach to Hispanics is also smart politics, likely to bolster its
political future in 2016 and beyond. George W. Bush won re-election to the White
House in 2004 with 44 percent of the Hispanic vote, a number neither subsequent
Republican presidential nominee came close to matching, and Jeb Bush is often
mentioned as a likely 2016 contender in large part because of his strong
relationship with Hispanic voters and support for an immigration overhaul.

Mr. McKinnon has already nicknamed George P. Bush ''47.'' (His uncle, of course,
is ''43,'' and his grandfather is ''41.'')

Jeb Bush speaks Spanish fluently and George W. less so, but in the words of
friends, ''fearlessly.''

During his 1998 re-election campaign for Texas governor, Mr. Bush made a
concerted push to win El Paso, with its large Hispanic population; he won the
county with just over 50 percent of the vote, and used the victory to position
himself for a presidential run two years later.

''I want it to be known that a conservative candidate can carry the Hispanic
vote,'' he told reporters at the time.

George P. Bush said in a recent interview after a campaign event here that
courting Hispanics has always been both the politically smart and morally right
thing to do.

''My uncle obviously thought it was an important strategy for him, not only to
win, but to expand the party, expand the base,'' he said. ''For my dad, it might
be a little bit more personal, in the sense that he married 'una Mexicana,' and
it certainly changes one's perspective. But you know, being in Florida, it's
similar demographics to what you see in Texas, so it's been important both from
a political and a personal standpoint.''

In the preface to his book, Jeb Bush writes that immigration to him ''means my
wife and family.''

''It's just smart marketing; it's just smart business,'' said Henry Bonilla, who
is Hispanic and is a former Republican House member from Texas. ''Whether it's
political business or corporate business, there are those who understand that
it's a diverse nation and it's wise to be inclusive, and those who don't, and it
was just innately part of the Bush culture from the get-go.''

The Bush family's affinity for Hispanic issues has passed down through the
generations, starting with the current patriarch. As chairman of the Republican
National Committee, George Bush helped found the Republican National Hispanic
Assembly in the early 1970s, part of an effort to involve Hispanics in
Republican Party politics.

But the family's formative experiences with Hispanics came two decades earlier,
when Mr. Bush moved his young family from the elite societies of New Haven to a
dusty West Texas oil town. According to friends, the immigrants the Bushes
encountered there were similar to the way the Bushes viewed themselves -- hard
workers who had moved to Texas in search of a better life.

''I think for President George W. Bush, growing up in West Texas, when you see
people working hard, when you see immigrants, both legal and illegal, working to
make a better life for their families, it has an impact,'' said Karen Hughes,
who worked for Mr. Bush in the governor's office and the White House.

In his book ''Decision Points,'' George W. Bush says his family's Mexican
housekeeper, Paula Rendón, who was hired when he was 13, was like ''a second
mother.'' She would later become the inspiration for his approach to handling
immigration policy, he wrote.

In their political careers, both he and Jeb pursued education policies that they
say benefited minorities. And before the Sept. 11 attacks, Robert Draper, the
author of a book about the younger Bush's presidency, reported that one of the
priorities of Mr. Bush's administration was to tackle immigration; the White
House was so committed, he wrote, that ''throughout 2001, the subject of amnesty
for illegal immigrants popped up frequently in White House meetings.''

The fact that the 43rd president's immigration push -- which failed in 2006 and
2007 -- is being attempted again today, friends say, is evidence that he was
simply ahead of his time.

John Weaver, a Republican strategist who has worked on the presidential
campaigns of the first President Bush and Senator John McCain of Arizona, said
the issue was one the Bushes believed in.

But, Mr. Weaver added: ''If the House effectively kills comprehensive
immigration reform this cycle, we'll be set back for generations, if not longer.
And the Bush legacy will certainly look a lot brighter to people when we're out
of power and can't get back in, than perhaps it does today.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/04/us/politics/bushes-look-to-immigration-debate-
to-reclaim-their-influence.html

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Top, Jeb Bush signing copies of his latest book, ''Immigration
Wars,'' at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in March. His sons, George P.,
center, and Jeb Jr., right, have started Hispanic-oriented political action
committees. Former President George W. Bush failed in his attempts to make
changes in immigration policy in 2006 and 2007. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARIO
ANZUONI/REUTERS
MICHAEL STRAVATO FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
THEO WARGO/GETTY IMAGES FOR KAIROS SOCIETY
 LM OTERO/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 894 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Sarah Munds reported Sunday the $410 theft of a purse, iPod and camera and $250
damage to a window of her 2001 Toyota Corolla parked on the corner of Third
Street and Birch Avenue.

Miranda Corbin reported Saturday the $300 theft of compact discs from her 1995
Plymouth van parked on the 2500 block of North Seventh Street.

Samuel Lapresta, employee of Coeur d'Alene City Parks and Cemetery Department,
reported Tuesday $1,000 damage to trees at Winton Park, 920 W. Linden Ave.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Robert Caldwell

Joe K. Condit, 60, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second offense);
$2,000 fine ($750 suspended), one year in jail (343 days suspended) or 80 hours
county work program, one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Peter P. Ritzheimer, 47, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 30 hours
county work program or proof of completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

Frank C. Simons, 54, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: battery; $137 fine, 39 days in jail
(credited). Count II: misdemeanor probation violation; 37 days in jail
(credited).

Courtney E. Cooke, 20, Hayden; misdemeanor probation violation; 174 days in jail
(11 days credited).

Joseph R. Piumarta, 41, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; 10 days in
jail.

Efren N. Erofeeff, 35, Fargo, N.D.; driving under the influence (second
offense); $1,000 fine, one year in jail (335 days suspended), one year driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Brian J. Hanni, 38, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jessy S. Olson, 23, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Robert M. Templin, 21, Worley; resisting/obstructing officers; $300 fine, 180
days in jail (171 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, two years
probation.

Jason T. Underdahl, 20, Coeur d'Alene; resisting/obstructing; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, two years probation.

Judge Barry Watson

Ariana J. Anderson, 29, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; six days
in jail.

Judge Penny Friedlander

William T. White, 57, Maple Valley, Wash.; violation of a no contact order; $500
fine, one year in jail (364 days suspended), two years probation.

Jared P. Victor, 20, Spokane; Count I: open container of alcohol in public
place; $200 fine, 18 days in jail (credited). Count II: resisting/obstructing;
$300 fine, 18 days in jail (credited).

Derrick J. Washburn, 33, Kenai, Alaska; Count I: driving under the influence;
$1,000 fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (118 days suspended, 32 days
credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension,
two years probation. Count II: driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (118 days suspended, 32 days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail
time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation. Count III: use
or possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use; 32 days in jail
(credited).

Judge Clark Peterson

Stephanie L. Heuston, 31, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 20 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Helen A. Kendall, 54, Hayden; misdemeanor probation violation; 90 days in jail.

Civil complaints

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Danielle Chilton, seeking $7,181.

Asset Acceptance and HSBC Consumer Lending/Beneficial v. Charles Batalia,
seeking $18,212.

Asset Acceptance and HSBC Consumer Lending/Beneficial v., Dean Johnston and
Tamara Johnston, seeking $28,988.

Asset Acceptance and HSBC Consumer Lending/Beneficial v. Baltazar Marentes,
seeking $8,261.

Asset Acceptance and HSNC Consumer Lending/Beneficial v. Latifah Fuller, seeking
$9,034.

Portfolio Recovery Associate and HSBC Bank of Nevada-Ameritech/Near Prime v.
Sally Jackson, seeking $6,152.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ryan Linn, seeking $2,200.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kelly and Robert Wadsworth, seeking $3,561.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Fred and Jennifer Quillen, plaintiff awarded
$3,181.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Teri Mourning, plaintiff awarded $14,476.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Rhianen McDonald Griffith and John Griffith,
plaintiff awarded $2,648.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Scott Whitworth and Misty Whitworth,
plaintiff awarded $5,400.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Diann Brockway,
plaintiff awarded $1,669.

Civil dismissals

Steven Manning v. Marvin Lickfold and Melinda Lickfold.

Lakeview Financial Inc. v. Virginia Meastas.

Petition for change of name

Brenda Paige Burkhartsmeier, petition for change to Brenda Paige Burk.

Alexandra Sabrina Colleen O'Dowd, petition for change to Colleen O'Dowd.

Divorces sought

Tena M. Howell from Buckley A. Howell.

Brian B. Jarrell from Charlotte C. Jarrell.

Katrina L. Pertle from Derrick J. Scott Pertle.

David R. Swiecki from Elise E. Charsey.

Ronda M. Larkin from Shawn M. Larkin.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

Plaza honors National Road's influence on TH's development

BYLINE: Howard Greninger, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


March 30--TERRE HAUTE -- More than 100 students from Lost Creek Elementary
School lined Seventh Street on a chilly Tuesday afternoon to participate in a
formal dedication of the National Road Plaza, which serves as a south gateway
for Indiana State University.

"The National Road was literally an economic engine that helped Terre Haute
become a bustling center of commerce," said ISU President Daniel Bradley.
"Today, our community serves as a hub for higher education, medical services,
business and industry, retail sales and cultural activities" for west-central
Indiana and east-central Illinois, Bradley said.

Construction on the plaza/gateway, near Seventh and Cherry Streets, started in
2008 and was completed in 2009. Final signage was added in 2010.

Tuesday marked the 205th anniversary of Congress' approving $30,000 for the
preliminary survey of the National Road, during Thomas Jefferson's
administration.

Flanking a podium, set up on a temporarily closed section of Seventh Street, was
a 1930 Model A, owned by Harold Medsker, former superintendent of Southwest
School Corp. in Sullivan, and a horse-pulled carriage built in the 1890s, driven
by owner Larry Sample of Terre Haute, with his horse, Pete.

The two were representative of modes of transportation used on the National
Road, the nation's first federally funded interstate highway.

Construction of the road began in 1811 in Cumberland, Md., and reached Vandalia,
Ill., the former capital of Illinois in 1839, where the road ended.

The road's section across Indiana, which stretches for 156 miles, was finished
in 1834. The road reached Terre Haute's eastern edge in 1827, said Cliff
Lambert, executive director of the Terre Haute Department of Redevelopment.

"In 1834, [the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, under] Major Cornelius Ogden, the
superintendent of the 240-mile National Road extension from the Indiana/Ohio
state line to Vandalia, Ill., located [the National Road] headquarters here in
Terre Haute," Lambert said. "This was one of many contributions that National
Road made to the Terre Haute economy, and illustrates the strong connection of
our community and this important development.

"With the opening of the road, taverns, hotels, wagon houses were built to
accommodate the influx of travelers," Lambert said.

With the invention of the automobile, the National Road was renamed in 1926 as
U.S. 40.

"The plaza was envisioned ... as a gateway to [ISU's] campus," said John
Jackson, associate principal of Ratio Architects, which designed the plaza. "It
is a gathering space for students, staff and the community. It also supports the
city's arts corridor along Seventh Street and communicates the story of the
National Road, which in many ways is receding from the nation's consciousness,"
Jackson said.

Fourth-grade students were at the dedication as part of their studies on
Indiana's history. Students wrote a journal as if they were traveling along the
route after its opening. Lost Creek Elementary is located along the original
National Road route in eastern Vigo County.

Four students -- Kate Gauer, Saige Harper, Ben Johnson and Jillian Ruark -- won
$25 gift certificates to a new Barnes & Noble bookstore, located between Fourth
and Fifth Streets on the south side of Cherry Street, slated to open April 11.

Hannah Shoopman was the grand prize winner of a $100 gift certificate to the
bookstore.

Howard Greninger can be reached at (812) 231-4204 or
howard.greninger@tribstar.com

To see more of The Tribune-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110330-TX-Plaza-honors-National-Road-s-influence
-on-TH-s-development-0330-20110330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2011 The Tribune-Star


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

David Broder, 81, fixture of Washington press corps

BYLINE: BY BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 661 words

ABSTRACT

Mr. Broder, whose last column for The Washington Post was published Feb. 6,
covered politics for The Post for more than four decades, and his influence was
national in scope.

FULL TEXT

David S. Broder, who skillfully straddled the line between commentary and
reportage for more than four decades as a political correspondent and columnist
for The Washington Post and who spread his influence on television as a Sunday
morning pundit, died Wednesday in Arlington, Virginia. He was 81.

The cause was complications of diabetes, The Post reported.

Mr. Broder, whose last column was published Feb. 6, was often called the dean of
the Washington press corps. He was a fixture at The Post for more than four
decades, and his influence was national in scope.

His column was syndicated, and he made more guest appearances on ''Meet the
Press'' than any other journalist. His writing life spanned 11 White House
administrations, beginning with Dwight D. Eisenhower's second term. His career
as an observer of Congress was longer than Senator Edward M. Kennedy's tenure as
a member of it; indeed, he covered Mr. Kennedy from before his first election in
1962 through his struggle with cancer and death.

Mr. Broder reported on and analyzed a dozen presidential campaigns for The Post,
including the one in 1972. Early that year he broke the story that Senator
Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, infuriated by attacks on him and on his wife by
William Loeb, publisher of The Manchester Union Leader, during the New Hampshire
Democratic primary, had wept as he held a news conference on the steps of the
newspaper during a February snowstorm.

Mr. Muskie said later that he had been wiping snow from his face, not crying,
and he went on to win the primary. But the perception of him as overemotional
damaged his campaign and contributed to his failure to gain the nomination,
which was won by Senator George McGovern of South Dakota, who was defeated in a
general election landslide by the incumbent, President Richard M. Nixon.

For his columns that year, Mr. Broder won the Pulitzer Prize for commentary, his
analysis of party politics favoring neither one side nor the other but bringing
equal measures of frank admiration and, just as often - perhaps more often -
spitting disdain to both.

Few, if any, other journalists walked the tightrope between news and opinion as
effectively as Mr. Broder. But he had his moments of false prophesy and crossing
the line. In 1976, he reported prematurely that Morris K. Udall of Arizona had
won the Wisconsin Democratic primary, only to learn a few hours later that the
winner was Jimmy Carter, then governor of Georgia. Mr. Broder submitted his
resignation, only to be talked out of it by The Post's editor, Benjamin C.
Bradlee.

During the impeachment of President Bill Clinton, he wrote critically of the
president and later expressed his personal disdain for him in an interview. The
Post curtailed his news reporting on the story.

For the most part, however, his political leanings and personal biases remained
obscure.

David Salzer Broder was born in Chicago Heights, Illinois, on Sept. 11, 1929. He
attended public schools there and graduated in 1947 from the University of
Chicago, where he was editor of the newspaper and earned a master's degree in
political science in 1951.

After two years in the army, he worked for a newspaper in Bloomington, Illinois,
The Pantagraph, then moved to The Congressional Quarterly in 1955. Five years
later, he left The Quarterly for The Washington Star, and in 1965, The New York
Times hired him as a political reporter. He switched to The Post the following
year.

By then he had begun almost a second career as a panelist and commentator on
television news programs. Slender and bookish-looking, articulate with a
considered way of talking though not especially expressive, Mr. Broder was an
unlikely television personality. But he came across as sober and reliable, and
he became a star of the punditry culture.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

D. Broder, political pundit and journalist;
Obituary

BYLINE: BY BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 676 words

ABSTRACT

Mr. Broder, whose last column for The Washington Post was published Feb. 6,
covered politics for The Post for more than four decades, and his influence was
national in scope.

FULL TEXT

David S. Broder, who skillfully straddled the line between commentary and
reportage for more than four decades as a political correspondent and columnist
for The Washington Post and who spread his influence on television as a Sunday
morning pundit, died Wednesday in Arlington, Virginia. He was 81.

The cause was complications of diabetes, The Post reported.

Mr. Broder, whose last column was published Feb. 6, was often called the dean of
the Washington press corps. He was a fixture at The Post for more than four
decades, and his influence was national in scope.

His column was syndicated, and he made more guest appearances on ''Meet the
Press'' than any other journalist. His writing life spanned 11 White House
administrations, beginning with Dwight D. Eisenhower's second term. His career
as an observer of Congress was longer than Senator Edward M. Kennedy's tenure as
a member of it; indeed, he covered Mr. Kennedy from before his first election in
1962 through his struggle with cancer and death.

In a statement Wednesday, President Barack Obama said Mr. Broder had ''built a
well-deserved reputation as the most respected and incisive political
commentator of his generation.''

Mr. Broder reported on and analyzed a dozen presidential campaigns for The Post,
including the one in 1972. Early that year he broke the story that Senator
Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, infuriated by attacks on him and on his wife by
William Loeb, publisher of The Manchester Union Leader, during the New Hampshire
Democratic primary, had wept as he held a news conference on the steps of the
newspaper during a February snowstorm.

Mr. Muskie said later that he had been wiping snow from his face, not crying,
and he went on to win the primary. But the perception of him as overemotional
damaged his campaign and contributed to his failure to gain the nomination,
which was won by Senator George McGovern of South Dakota, who was defeated in a
general election landslide by the incumbent, President Richard M. Nixon.

For his columns that year, Mr. Broder won the Pulitzer Prize for commentary, his
analysis of party politics favoring neither one side nor the other but bringing
equal measures of frank admiration and, just as often - perhaps more often -
spitting disdain to both.

Few, if any, other journalists walked the tightrope between news and opinion as
effectively as Mr. Broder. But he had his moments of false prophesy and crossing
the line. In 1976, he reported prematurely that Morris K. Udall of Arizona had
won the Wisconsin Democratic primary, only to learn a few hours later that the
winner was Jimmy Carter, then governor of Georgia. Mr. Broder submitted his
resignation, only to be talked out of it by The Post's editor, Benjamin C.
Bradlee.

During the impeachment of President Bill Clinton, he wrote critically of the
president and later expressed his personal disdain for him in an interview. The
Post curtailed his news reporting on the story.

For the most part, however, his political leanings and personal biases remained
obscure.

David Salzer Broder was born in Chicago Heights, Illinois, on Sept. 11, 1929. He
attended public schools there and graduated in 1947 from the University of
Chicago, where he was editor of the newspaper and earned a master's degree in
political science in 1951.

After two years in the army, he worked for a newspaper in Bloomington, Illinois,
The Pantagraph, then moved to The Congressional Quarterly in 1955. Five years
later, he left The Quarterly for The Washington Star, and in 1965, The New York
Times hired him as a political reporter. He switched to The Post the following
year.

Although slender and bookish-looking, articulate with a considered way of
talking though not especially expressive, Mr. Broder was an unlikely television
personality. But he came across as sober and reliable, and he became a star of
the punditry culture.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 11, 2011 Friday
                              Correction Appended

David Broder, 81, fixture of Washington press corps;
Obituary

BYLINE: BY BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 730 words

ABSTRACT

Mr. Broder, whose last column for The Washington Post was published Feb. 6,
covered politics for The Post for more than four decades, and his influence was
national in scope.

FULL TEXT

David S. Broder, who skillfully straddled the line between commentary and
reportage for more than four decades as a political correspondent and columnist
for The Washington Post and who spread his influence on television as a Sunday
morning pundit, died Wednesday in Arlington, Virginia. He was 81.

The cause was complications of diabetes, The Post reported.

Mr. Broder, whose last column was published Feb. 6, was often called the dean of
the Washington press corps. He was a fixture at The Post for more than four
decades, and his influence was national in scope.

His column was syndicated, and he made more guest appearances on ''Meet the
Press'' than any other journalist. His writing life spanned 11 White House
administrations, beginning with Dwight D. Eisenhower's second term. His career
as an observer of Congress was longer than Senator Edward M. Kennedy's tenure as
a member of it; indeed, he covered Mr. Kennedy from before his first election in
1962 through his struggle with cancer and death.

Mr. Broder reported on and analyzed a dozen presidential campaigns for The Post,
including the one in 1972. Early that year he broke the story that Senator
Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, infuriated by attacks on him and on his wife by
William Loeb, publisher of The Manchester Union Leader, during the New Hampshire
Democratic primary, had wept as he held a news conference on the steps of the
newspaper during a February snowstorm.

Mr. Muskie said later that he had been wiping snow from his face, not crying,
and he went on to win the primary. But the perception of him as overemotional
damaged his campaign and contributed to his failure to gain the nomination,
which was won by Senator George McGovern of South Dakota, who was defeated in a
general election landslide by the incumbent, President Richard M. Nixon.

For his columns that year, Mr. Broder won the Pulitzer Prize for commentary, his
analysis of party politics favoring neither one side nor the other but bringing
equal measures of frank admiration and, just as often - perhaps more often -
spitting disdain to both.

Few, if any, other journalists walked the tightrope between news and opinion as
effectively as Mr. Broder. But he had his moments of false prophesy and crossing
the line. In 1976, he reported prematurely that Morris K. Udall of Arizona had
won the Wisconsin Democratic primary, only to learn a few hours later that the
winner was Jimmy Carter, then governor of Georgia. Mr. Broder submitted his
resignation, only to be talked out of it by The Post's editor, Benjamin C.
Bradlee.

During the impeachment of President Bill Clinton, he wrote critically of the
president and later expressed his personal disdain for him in an interview. The
Post curtailed his news reporting on the story.

For the most part, however, his political leanings and personal biases remained
obscure.

David Salzer Broder was born in Chicago Heights, Illinois, on Sept. 11, 1929. He
attended public schools there and graduated in 1947 from the University of
Chicago, where he was editor of the newspaper and earned a master's degree in
political science in 1951.

After two years in the army, he worked for a newspaper in Bloomington, Illinois,
The Pantagraph, then moved to The Congressional Quarterly in 1955. Five years
later, he left The Quarterly for The Washington Star, and in 1965, The New York
Times hired him as a political reporter. He switched to The Post the following
year.

By then he had begun almost a second career as a panelist and commentator on
television news programs. Slender and bookish-looking, articulate with a
considered way of talking though not especially expressive, Mr. Broder was an
unlikely television personality. But he came across as sober and reliable, and
he became a star of the punditry culture.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 15, 2011



CORRECTION: As published in the International Herald Tribune

An obituary on Friday about David Broder, the political reporter and columnist
for The Washington Post, referred incorrectly to Jimmy Carter's political status
in 1976, when he won the Wisconsin Democratic primary for president. He was the
former governor of Georgia - not the governor, having left office in 1975.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 4, 2007 Tuesday
                                Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 792 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases  July 1-Aug. 31, 2007

Anthony W. Dwight, 63, Key West, Fla., operating vehicle while under influence
of intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Carolyn J. Dykeman, 27, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Jeremy J. Eaton, 31, Stonington, theft by unauthorized use of property, jail 10
months, restitution $200; violating condition of release, jail 60 days.

Anna Lee Eldridge, 69, Orland, burning prohibited material, $100.

Donald Eldridge, 46, East Orland, assault, $300, jail 60 days all suspended,
probation two years; violating condition of release, jail 24 hours.

Eric T. English, 27, Bangor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

David Eon, 45, Newport Beach, Calif., operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Joshua F. Estes, 19, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Coleman Farley, 37, Woodland, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Donald L. Farrell Jr., 33, Lubec, violating condition of release, jail 24 hours.

Jason Faulkingham, 29, Wiscasset, violating fishing rule, $100.

Nathan A. Faulkingham, no age listed, Boothbay, violating fishing rule, $100.

Steven W. Faulkingham, 32, Boothbay, violating fishing rule, $100.

Jiancai Feng, 31, Bucksport, violation of smelt rule, $150.

Mary E. Fifer, 20, Milford, $200.

Troy Fitt, 35, Brewer, possessing marijuana, $350.

Keith J. Fitzell, 47, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked; both counts
dismissed.

Erley E. Fogg, 52, Bar Harbor, untagged lobster traps, $500.

Jason J. Follette, 41, Prospect Harbor, operating-permitting operation, no
identification-validation displayed, $100.

Dennis J. Fongeallaz, 23, Orland, assault, $300.

Nicholas C. Fountain, no age listed, Mount Desert, minor possessing liquor,
$200.

Joshua J. Fowler, 28, Brooksville, possessing marijuana, $350.

Terrance W. Freeman, 24, Levant, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Adam J. Fronczak Sr., 42, Lamoine, taking, transporting, selling, possessing
v-notched lobster, $250.

Jacob E. Gaspar, 18, Deer Isle, possession tobacco products by minor, $100.

Brandon A. Gates, 21, Lincoln, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Dwight W. Geel Jr., 18, Ellsworth, utilizing dip net without paying fee, $216.

Ryan D. Geel, 19, Jonesport, violating dip net size, $100.

David F. Giroux, 60, Bangor, operating-permitting operation unregistered
motorboat, $100.

Dana R. Goddard, 54, Brewer, littering, $100.

Richard T. Goodell, 34, Bar Harbor, failing to register vehicle, $150.

Linda Gould, 51, Mount Desert, allowing dog to be at large, $50.

Richard Grace, 46, New York, N.Y., operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Robert Grant, 29, Cambridge, Mass., operating vehicle without safety equipment,
$100.

Chad R. Grass, 18, Southwest Harbor, burning without permit, $100, restitution
$720.

David Eugene Gray, 32, Orrington, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, dismissed.

George A. Gray, 41, Blue Hill, three counts negotiating worthless instrument,
jail four months each count, restitution $1,329.83; negotiating worthless
instrument, prison four months, restitution $315.

Rob B. Gray, 35, Bucksport, violating condition of release, jail 24 hours;
operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $500; operating vehicle
after registration suspended, $150.

Forrest W. Greene, 51, Deer Isle, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail six months, all but 77 days suspended, probation one
year, license suspended 18 months; operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $900, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months; violating
condition of release, jail 10 days; operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Richard Greenlaw, 40, Ellsworth, two counts violating condition of release, jail
seven days.

Brian S. Greenleaf, 23, Hermon, operating vehicle after registration suspended,
$150.

Richard L. Greenleaf Jr., 28, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $500.

Noelle L. Grenier, 20, Milford, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Ali GM Grey, 15, Trenton, disposing of lighted material, $100.

Sidney S. Griffin, 60, Franklin, failing to produce permit, $70.

Phillip S. Grindle, 60, Waltham, violating condition of release, dismissed.

Margaret A. Grinnell, 29, Mount Desert, failing to register vehicle, $150.

Kevin M. Guptill, 23, Eastbrook, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days; violating condition
of release, jail 48 hours.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 410 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Juan E. Cipriano - 43, Corvallis, Ore., vehicular manslaughter, $20,000 bond.

Ian M. Collins - 52, Hope, issuing an insufficient funds check, $2,000 bond.

Billy D. Cummings - 48, Sandpoint, failure to comply/sexual abuse of a minor 16
years of age or younger, $50,000 bond.

Charles A. Curtis - 60, Canoga Park, Calif., child custody interference, $50,000
bond.

Kenneth G. Heggstrom - 38, Everett, Wash., failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, $50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Ryan A. Apling - 22, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, failure to comply/driving under the influence, $8,500 bond.

Jimmy J. Blackburn - 24, Spokane, failure to comply/resisting/ obstructing
officers, $750 bond.

Erwin E. Borau - 53, Cranbrook, B.C., failure to purchase a driver's license,
$300 bond.

Ben E. Brown - 29, Cocolalla, failure to appear/battery, $500 bond.

James T. Broen - 50, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $2,000 bond.

Mark E. Brown - 37, Oldtown, failure to comply/possession of paraphernalia, $46
bond.

Jeremy K. Bryant - 29, Anaconda, Mont., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $5,000 bond.

Leslie K. Buck - 41, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
failure to comply/driving under the influence, $12,500 bond.

Bonnie R. Droh - 22, Bonners Ferry, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Neal S. Madigan - 29, Ponderay, failure to appear/intoxicated pedestrian, $1,000
bond.

Jesse J. Mata - 35, Puyallup, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $7,000 bond.

Ashley E. Norstog - 20, Everett, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $4,000 bond.

Gary W. Rust - 45, Sagle, failure to appear/driving without privileges, $2,000
bond.

Troy E. Webber - 32, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence, no
bond.

Beniah V. Welke - 32, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driver's license
violation, $1,500 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying a fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 30, 2007 Thursday
                                 VVoice Edition

LIBERTY LAKE BLOTTER;

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: V; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 243 words


Liberty Lake police reports for the Aug. 20 through Aug 27 included the
following:

It was a rough week for motorists with no proof of insurance. Six people were
cited for the offense that can pack a $250 fine. The most likely place to get a
traffic ticket was Country Vista Drive.

James Roy Alexander, 27, Spokane, was cited Aug. 21 for allegedly driving with
an invalidated license near the intersection of Appleway Avenue and Liberty Lake
Road.

Brian Gene Bellino, 18, Otis Orchards, was booked Aug. 24, for alleged reckless
driving and driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs near the
intersection of Corrigan Road and Euclid Avenue.

James Allen Hertwick, 29, Coeur d'Alene, was cited Aug 20 for allegedly driving
under the influence of alcohol or drugs near the intersection of Liberty Lake
Road and Appleway Avenue.

Sherry Lynn Kimberling, 45, Deer Park, was booked for a warrant Aug 23 near the
intersection of Third Avenue and Molter Road.

Jared Lee Neeser, 18, Liberty Lake, was booked Aug 21, for alleged shoplifting,
resisting arrest and being under the influence of alcohol at 23317 E. Sinto
Court.

Jason Eugene Sharp, 33, was cited Aug 25 for allegedly driving with an
invalidated license near the corner of Mission Avenue and Molter Road.

Joshua Allan Stark, 31, Liberty Lake, was cited Aug 23 for allegedly driving
under the influence of alcohol or drugs near the intersection of Appleway Avenue
and Meadowwood Lane.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 424 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Joseph M. Bower - 46, Sandpoint, lewd conduct with a minor under 16 (two
counts), $100,000 bond.

Roxanne L. Holt - 41, Hope, insurance fraud, $25,000 bond.

Jesse M. Doyle - 23, Kootenai, aggravated battery, $5,000 bond.

John T. Ensminger - 35, Sandpoint, parole violation/driving under the influence,
$40,000 bond.

Charles A. Gunzel  - 65, Ponderay, failure to register as a sex offender,
$50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Jason L. Allen - 31, Newport, failure to appear/insufficient funds check fraud,
$1,000 bond.

David L. Anderson - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to purchase a driver's license,
$300 bond.

Michael S. Barbian  - 33, Phoenix, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $6,000 bond.

Charles E. Barker - 48, Priest River, parole violation/driving under the
influence, resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Robert L. Bennett - 61, Kalispell, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $48 bond.

Lewis M. Blood - 38, Priest River, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Kevin L. Buckhout - 27, Sandpoint failure to appear/driving without privileges,
failure to provide proof of insurance, $5,000 bond.

Anthony J. Pitman Carty  - 25, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery-domestic
violence (two counts), $10,000 bond.

Mark S. Cooper - 50, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$298 bond.

Terry L. Cox - 47, Newport, failure to comply/driving without privileges, open
container of alcohol, $7,000 bond.

Harold D. Waits - 38, Cusick, Wash., failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $1,000 bond.

Rebecca R. Wallace - 19, Oldtown, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $5,000 bond.

Jason L. Williams - 24, Sagle, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
failure to provide proof of insurance, $5,500 bond.

Christian G. Willmaser  - 38, failure to purchase driver's license, $300 bond.

Robert J. Wolf- 46, Spirit Lake, failure to appear/placing debris on
public/private property, $500 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 26, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 357 words


Dover-Foxcroft District Court

Cases Aug. 23-Oct. 13, 2005

Kevin S. Sproul, 50, unlawfully permitting operation of ATV, $100.

Edwin E. Storan, 45, Newport, possession of marijuana, $350.

Gary L. Sudsbury, 62, Guilford, operating motor vehicle outside class, $75.

Maurice J. Swazey, 51, Milo, operating watercraft while under influence of
intoxicants, $1,000, jail 48 hours; sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Douglas S. Taylor, 45, Hampton, Conn., operating watercraft without lake or
river protection sticker, $100.

Dwayne Taylor, 45, Oakland, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail four days, license suspended 90 days; assault, jail
$500, jail four days; possession of marijuana, $350.

Joseph C. Taylor, 32, Augusta, littering, $100.

Heather C. Thomas, 21, Milo, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days; operating vehicle
without license, $150.

Kirk W. Thornley, 20, Monson, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $200.

Ian M. Tosti, 20, Woburn, Mass., operating ATV while under influence of
intoxicants, $500; operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Thomas Tucker, 44, Brownville, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

Marie I. Turavani, 44, Brownville Junction, operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $600, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

John H. Wadsworth, 68, Waterford, operating-permitting operation unregistered
motorboat, $100.

Charlie Ward, 18, Greenville Junction, littering, $100.

Michael B. Ward, 47, Greenville Junction, operating snowmobile while under
influence of intoxicants, $600.

Robert S. Webb, 39, Dover-Foxcroft, operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $700, jail 20 days, license suspended 18 months;
failing to stop for officer, jail 15 days.

Jessica L. Wellman, 23, Brownville, two counts negotiating worthless instrument,
dismissed.

Mathew C. Williams, 66, Glastonbury, Conn., violation of watercraft rules, $100,
$25 suspended.

Blake A. Wingate, 27, Augusta, possession of marijuana, $350.

Edward M. Witham, 25, Milo, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, $500;
possession of marijuana, $350.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             August 9, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 722 words


POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Joshua Kimball, owner of J&T Construction, Hayden, Idaho, reported Sunday the
$4,358 theft of three Hitachi nail guns, a Dewalt compressor, four Skil saws and
other tools from a trailer parked at a job site in the 3000 block of Bonnell in
Coeur d'Alene.

Katherine Beals, Coeur d'Alene, reported Sunday the theft of her 1994 Oldsmobile
Cutlass, worth $3,000, parked in the 29000 block of Bella Vista Road.

Edward Berry, Athol, Idaho, reported Saturday the $2,200 theft of timber and
Styrofoam blocks from his property in the 15000 block of Three Forks Road in
Hauser Lake, Idaho.

Carla Bell, Billings, Mont., reported Saturday the $475 theft of a Canon digital
camera, camera bag and cash from a locker at Silverwood Theme Park, 27843 N.
U.S. Highway 95.

Rebecca Johnson, Hauser Lake, Idaho, reported Sunday the theft of a friend's
2000 Ford F-350 pickup, worth $18,000, parked in the west 25000 block of state
Highway 53.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Tonya Kiehn  v. Hagadone Corp. and Lake Coeur d'Alene Cruises Inc., seeking an
amount to be proved at trial.

Kenneth Haviland  v. Kevin Johnson, Las Palmitas  LLC and Martin Arceo,  seeking
an amount to be proved at trial.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Bryce Grecian  and Julie Grecian, a k a Julie Ray,
seeking $16,607.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Daniel Ortiz and Barbara Ortiz, seeking $1,067.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jeff McArthur and Allison McArthur, seeking $1,193.

Washington Trust Bank v. Daniel Lawton, seeking $22,710.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Kevin Mitchell and Brenda Mitchell, seeking $2,837.

Runge  Finance Co. v. Scott Buffington,  seeking $3,435.

Runge Finance Co. v. Eileen Jensen, seeking $3,605.

Ford Motor Credit Co. v. Susan Long, seeking $3,124.

Patty Burt v. Scott Edwards, d b a Scott M. Edwards Planning, d b a Northwestern
Mutual, seeking $2,969.

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417 or the
Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Dorothy L. Amparan - 56, Colburn, Idaho, trafficking in marijuana, $10,000 bond.

Cecil R. Andrews - 45, Hope, Idaho, failure to appear/trafficking in marijuana,
$10,000 bond.

William D. Belford - 19, Sandpoint, failure to comply/grand theft by possession
of stolen property, $594 bond.

Donald R. Crum - 43, Hayden, Idaho, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $40,000 bond.

Yvette E. Huselton - 37, Troy, Mont., failure to appear/possession of
methamphetamine, $10,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Sergey  M. Chechum - 19, Spokane, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$1,000 bond.

Jeremy J. Comeau - 26, Calgary, Alberta, failure to obtain an overweight permit,
$500 bond.

Jeremy J. Deaton - 21, Post Falls, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $2,000 bond.

Robert J. Finley - 41, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$88 bond.

Kenneth L. Gray - 24, Sandpoint, failure to appear/petit theft, $1,000 bond.

Serina A. Ibarra - 32, Cocolalla, Idaho, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $463  bond.

Dustin M. Jolly - 22, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/invalid driver's
license, $500 bond.

Elizabeth Knowlton - 22, Boise, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Morris M. Matt - 39, Worley, Idaho, parole violation/driving under the influence
, $5,000 bond.

Daniel L. Merritt - 41, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $4,000 bond.

Robert G. Ordway - 36, Bonners Ferry, Idaho, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Casey L. Pitner - 27, Sandpoint, failure to appear/failure to purchase/invalid
driver's license, $5,000 bond.

Gregory P. Otero - 47, Clark Fork, Idaho, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $290 bond.

Scott A. Shumake - 35, Newport, Wash., driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Peggy L. Skeeters - 55, Corum, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $1,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
Courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 14, 1996 Tuesday

LENGTH: 647 words


Undue influence? AFL-CIO members taking part in political process MYRON YANTZER
Bismarck Working men and women and the AFL-CIO have come under attack lately
from writers of weekly columns and some editorial boards. Why? For what they
perceive as undue influence in the political process.

One columnist and so-called political expert says that 189 labor caucus members
out of over 1,000 delegates at the Democrat State Convention is an undue
influence within the party and controlled the nomination for governor. What
about the 70-plus card-carrying union members who attended the Republican
Convention? Are they an undue influence also? I'm proud that working men and
women are taking part in the political process. We need more participation not
less. Remember, there are over 300,000 working men and women in North Dakota.
Another editorialist made the accusation that the Democratic Party owns the
State AFL-CIO. The state AFL-CIO committee on political education endorsed 10
out of 11 statewide candidates so far based on questions and candidates' views
ranging from international trade, farm programs, economic development to minimum
wage. These and other issues are important to working men and women. The
agriculture commissioner is also a member of the Industrial Commission.
Committee members like Roger Johnson's views better than Dina Butcher's. The
editorialist makes the judgment that Dina Butcher is more experienced, not the
committee. Shelley who vs. Secretary Jaeger. Mr. Jaeger sent a very good letter
to the committee asking for the endorsement. However, there are a few comments
in the letter the committee members took exception to. It would be unethical on
my part to release the letter. Sorry. There are more issues that we can and will
address at a later date; however, my advice to the opinion writers is to sell
your ""few acres of swampland'' in central Florida to the big business
developers because working men and women don't buy swampland.

A fairy tale LINDA GRAY, Carpio I read that GNDA is willing to spend $200,000 to
convince the working men and women of North Dakota to vote against Measure No. 7
at the June 11 primary election. Clearly, the boys in the suits figure they can
take tens of millions in injured workers compensation benefits, put it in their
own pockets, and then spend another $200,000 to convince us that they intended
all along to use it for other raises and other benefits. If that sounds like a
fairy tale, it probably is. In the real world, when people take your money, they
generally intend to keep it. Under Measure No. 7, disabled workers turning age
65 will no longer lose their disability benefits just because they had a
birthday. Injured workers with permanent impairments will be compensated on a
fair, impartial basis. Injured workers will be able to choose their doctors. The
few employers who account for the bulk of the injury claims will no longer be
subsidized by the taxpayers, and honest, hard-working North Dakotans will no
longer be an impoverished burden on the taxpayers simply because they had the
bad luck to be among the 20,000 North Dakota workers hurt each year in
work-related accidents. The Workers Compensation Bureau's actuary can't quantify
a price difference between Measure No. 7 and just returning to the way things
were in 1994, when employer premiums were some of the lowest in the country and
the fund was actually showing a profit. To me, that means that GNDA doesn't
oppose Measure No. 7 because it's bad for us but, rather, because it's bad for
them. If voters want to end the greed of a few businesses, end the burden on the
taxpayers, and end the suffering of injured workers and their families across
the state, they should vote ""Yes'' on Measure No. 7. If they would rather
believe a 30-second sound bite than their own common sense, then they'll get
whatever GNDA has in store for them.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                  November 12, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Mr. Megacity gives Ontario notice : Voted in as mayor of Toronto, Mel Lastman
tells an Ontario cabinet minister: "I'm going to be your worst nightmare.

BYLINE: JOAN WALTERS; SOUTHAM NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Toronto Mayor Mel Lastman moves significantly up the North American political
pecking order following his electoral victory Monday and the new megacity gains
long-awaited influence and clout.

"I'm going to be your worst nightmare," the flamboyant veteran politician told
Ontario cabinet minister David Johnson during an interlude on TV, noting he will
now speak with authority on behalf of 2.4 million residents.

Lastman, the 65-year-old former mayor of suburban North York, is a recognized
maverick, an old-style politician who has guided the thriving suburb for more
than 25 years.

Supporters identify his ability to fight for his constituency and his ability to
use power as something he will put to good use in coming years.

"In economic and political influence, the city now moves considerably above the
salt and gains unprecedented influence," says Patrick Lavelle, chair of the
Business Development Bank of Canada.

Perhaps it is enough influence to produce the kind of federal concessions
familiar to big-city, U.S. mayors including Richard Daley of Chicago and New
York's Rudolph Giuliani, who have had a voice at their federal table for years.

Toronto now has the biggest city council in North America with 57 elected
members and a government larger than some provinces, which puts it in a strong
position for economic and social deal-making with Ottawa and Queen's Park.

Only a handful of Ontario government ministries have larger operating budgets
than Toronto's $ 6.5-billion anticipated spending. The city's population of 2.4
million is greater than all the Atlantic provinces combined.

"Using that power outside the municipal confines of the city is exclusively up
to the mayor," says Lavelle, a deputy in the administration of former Ontario
premier David Peterson.

Priorities for the city are fair shares of federal-provincial funding and more
direct say in a range of issues including crime, refugee resettlement and
national unity. Liaison with other Canadian mayors, notably Vancouver and
Montreal, will be increasingly important

"Senior levels of government will ignore Toronto and sister cities at their
peril," says Liberal Senator Keith Davey. "I have been telling my own party for
years that the new power of the municipal politician cannot be ignored, so let's
tap into it."


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mark O'Neill, CP / MEL LASTMAN: Old-style maverick politician
gains great clout.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 26, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

BILLY BALDWIN IS DEAD AT 80; DEAN OF INTERIOR DECORATORS

BYLINE: By ALBIN KREBS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 28, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 948 words


Billy Baldwin, the dean of American interior decorators, whose taste and sense
of elegance enabled him to become the greatest influence on a generation of
post-World War II designers, died of a heart ailment yesterday at Nantucket
(Mass.) Cottage Hospital. He was 80 years old and had lived in retirement on
Nantucket for the last decade.

Mr. Baldwin entered the hospital two weeks ago with pneumonia. He had been in
frail health since suffering a cardiac arrest three years ago.

As the leading interior decorator of his time - he disliked the term ''interior
designer'' - Mr. Baldwin had such clients as Cole Porter, Billy Rose, Mary Wells
Lawrence, the Paul Mellons, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Mollie Parnis, Mike
Nichols and Diana Vreeland.

Testimonial to His Influence

''His influence was truly vast,'' Mrs. Vreeland said yesterday. ''During the
time he was active, his sense of order, of arrangement, cast a long shadow over
the entire decorating profession.

''Decorators have been influenced by Billy ever since he came to New York,
particularly by his sense of groupings and of order, and his ability to do much
with not too much, to let a little go a long way. He didn't arbitrarily throw
out your furniture and used as much of it as possible if it was any good in the
first place. And he didn't believe in clutter.''

The smallish, spare Mr. Baldwin was noted for his personal, as well as his
professional, devotion to high style mixed with comfort. He dressed so elegantly
that one admirer described him as ''a small but exquisite jewel.''

His clients were devoted to him, and he returned the compliment, but he was
impatient with people, places and things he did not like, and said so.

'Life Is Too Good'

In a quotation from his forthcoming biography, tentatively titled ''Billy
Baldwin Celebrates,'' by Michael Gardine, he says:

''I do not care about interesting dull people who meant nothing to me, of whom
there were many. No, I feel absolutely that life is too good. I think you had to
give your best and expect the best of other people. And, I am quite intolerant
in the sense that I really don't want and never have wanted to sit around
yawning, inside of me, politely. I can't. I haven't got time.''

Called ''Billy B'' by friends, William Baldwin Jr. was born in Roland Park, Md.,
of old Baltimore families. He went to Princeton in 1922 to study architecture,
but dropped out after two years because, he said, he was ''always spending time
in New York at museums and galleries and things.''

He worked, unhappily he said, in his father's insurance agency, while reading
everything he could find about interior decorating, and by the late 1920's he
had built up a decorating clientele in Baltimore.

Ordinary and Exotic Sources

He took an early client to Macy's in New York and ''spent two whole days in the
fabric department and bought every piece of fabric for her house there,'' he
said. That inclination to choose fabrics and furniture from ''ordinary,'' as
well as more exotic, sources became a Baldwin trademark.

The Macy's experience brought Mr. Baldwin to the attention of a top decorator of
the day, Ruby Ross Wood.

''When she asked me to work for her in 1935, she said she had never thought of
hiring a man,'' he said. ''In those days, all the leading decorators were women
- Elsie de Wolfe, Diane Tate and Marian Hall. Rose Cumming was in her glory.

''Heaven knows, these women had absolutely marvelous taste, but most of their
taste was based on the 18th century and 18th-century antiques. Today, most of
the important decorators happen to be men. I don't know why. It just happens to
be.''

Opened Decorating to Men

It was his great success that did much to open decorating to young men with new
ideas.

From Mrs. Wood, Mr. Baldwin learned what he considered the guiding principles of
his profession, ''the importance of the personal, of the comfortable, and of the
new,'' he said. After her death in 1950, he ran the Wood firm, and in 1952
branched out on his own with a colleague, Edward Martin. When Mr. Baldwin
retired, he turned the business over to his protege, Arthur E. Smith.

Mr. Baldwin was a man of strong likes and dislikes, usually strongly stated.
Discussing fabrics, he said, ''The word that almost makes me throw up is satin;
damask makes me throw up.''

He liked pure cotton and fake leather, but he loathed fake fireplaces and fake
books, believing that books were the greatest decorative element that any room
could have. Built-in bookcases were a Baldwin staple.

The Baldwin Signatures

He was fond of, and made them signatures of the Baldwin style, shutters, Parsons
tables wrapped with wicker and chintz slipcovers. Cole Porter once warned him,
''Don't you dare slipcover these pianos,''

Mr. Baldwin disliked jacketed books, however, saying, ''It's like disguising the
television.'' He added: ''Today everyone loves the TV. They leave it out in the
room and move it around, and why not?''

''When you are decorating, you must learn to break some rules, but not all of
them,'' he said. ''Take the case of pattern on pattern. Some decorators today
think you can willy-nilly mix prints. Not so. That just results in confusion.''

Mr. Baldwin also said: ''It is very important when mixing furnishings of
different provenance that there be some kind of connection, so that they can be
good neighbors, such as placing a superb modern table next to an antique chair.
It would look all wrong. There wouldn't be any connection of quality.''

A bachelor, he leaves no close relatives.

In accordance with his wishes, there will be no funeral service.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Billy Baldwin; photo of living room

TYPE: OBITUARY

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Hampton Callaway ready to 'Swing' into East Stroudsburg

BYLINE: Jim Radenhausen, Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1877 words


Dec. 05--She had style, she had flair, she was there . . .that's how she became
Ann Hampton Callaway, a Tony Award nominee and multiple Manhattan Association of
Cabarets & Clubs Award winner.

The singer, songwriter, actress and dancer will make her Pocono debut Saturday,
Dec. 6, at Pocono Community Theater in East Stroudsburg.

Perhaps best known for writing and singing "The Nanny Named Fran" -- the iconic
theme song to the 1990s TV series "The Nanny" -- Callaway's many career
highlights include shows with her sister, Broadway star Liz Callaway and
composing music for various TV and film projects, as well as the legendary
Barbra Streisand.

Callaway's turn in the 1999 musical "Swing!" not only scored her a Tony
nomination as Best Featured Actress in a Musical, but also a Theatre World Award
for Outstanding Broadway Debut.

The daughter of late TV and radio journalist John Callaway and
singer/pianist/vocal coach Shirley Callaway, Ann spent the first formative 10
years of her life in Chicago. During her youth, she also lived in Huntington,
Long Island, New York, as well as Riverdale in the Bronx. She spent her high
school years in Winnetka, Illinois, where she attended New Trier East High
School, whose performing arts department Ann recalls fondly.

"I am grateful to have had the inspiration of the Chicago culture and the New
York culture; both areas played an important role on my outlook on life," Ann
said.

Prior to her performance in East Stroudsburg -- part of the Pocono Community
Theater-Buck Hill Skytop Music Festival "Broadway in the Pocono Mountains"
series -- the New York resident took some time to discuss her influences, the
Great American Songbook, her career and the future.

Q: Would you consider your mother to be the biggest influence on the direction
your career took?

A: My mother was certainly a key influence, having passed on her "designer
genes" to my sister and me. Hearing her sing and play the piano so beautifully
signaled to me my own desire to do both. But my dad was the one who passed on my
love of jazz -- he sang scat and played the great jazz singers and
instrumentalists, and that was very fascinating to me. Together, their passions
became my passions which then inspired my own creative life.

Q: Aside from your parents, who are your biggest musical influences and some of
your favorites?

A: My influences are diverse, like I am. Judy Garland was my first favorite
singer after seeing her in "The Wizard of Oz" on TV each year of my childhood.
Then, I came to love Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan from their records. I
loved classical music and was encouraged to pursue an opera career. Leontyne
Price was my favorite singer -- when I saw her live, I realized that singers can
be vessels of spiritual energy and love. Later on, singer-songwriters like
Carole King, Joni Mitchell and Stevie Wonder inspired me to write songs and find
my own voice. Seeing Barbra Streisand on film and hearing her records was a
major influence, as well.

Q: How did the collaborations with your sister come about?

A: Our first show was at The Russian Tea Room and was called "Together At Last."
It had sort of the beginnings of what was to become our first major act,
"Sibling Revelry." "Sibling Revelry" is a sort of autobiographical romp through
our early years of moving to New York, with the theme of rivalry laced
throughout the show. It has lots of show tunes and funny gags. "Boom!" is our
second autobiographical show recorded live on CD, and it's focused on the music
of the '60s and '70s. "Here Come The Callaways" is a compilation show of the
best of three of our shows, which includes our second major act "Relative
Harmony." We are in the midst of creating a new show, "West Side Story to
Wicked; Broadway With the Callaways," which will be a celebration of the great
Broadway songbook, old and new.

Q: We've seen a number of acts pay tribute to the Great American Songbook over
the years. Talk a bit about why you are such a champion of that particular
musical canon.

A: This music was created in a golden age of talent and infused with a more
artistic sensibility than we see today. The men and women who wrote these songs
wrote them in a way that gives them timelessness; they are both simple and
profound. They are written in the voice of the everyday man, but are deftly
improved with wit, charm and emotional depth. They were mostly written for
theater and film, and so the story that inspires these songs gives them nuance
and humanity that somehow also translates outside the film/theater setting.
Europe gave the world classical music; we gave the world the Great American
Songbook.

Q: Discuss your involvement in the creation of "Swing!" as well as your role in
the musical and that whole experience.

A: They were looking for six months for an "Ann Hampton Callaway type" and
finally someone had the brilliant idea to call Ann Hampton Callaway. When I
arrived the first day, I thought I would get all my songs to learn and dive in.
That didn't happen. I basically chose my songs, arranged them and created my
whole role. All of us did this and what resulted was a very juicy show that
utilized the unique talents we all brought to the theme of swing music. It was a
dream come true to be on Broadway, and I loved working with the cast on the
creation. I also loved doing eight shows a week much more than I thought I
would. It was new every show and to see the joy that the music and dance brought
to each audience was thrilling.

Q: How did you come to compose the theme for "The Nanny"? Do you think that's
come to be your signature?

A: Fran Drescher came to a show of my original songs at Don't Tell Mama and
immediately asked me to start writing for her TV pilots. Seven years later, "The
Nanny" TV pilot came up, but this time I was competing with top Hollywood
songwriters. So I wrote two themes and one of them made it. I interviewed Fran
about what she wanted and who her character was, and out of that came my
favorite line in the song. I asked, "Who is Fran?" She said, "She's the lady in
red when everybody else is wearing tan." My father's interview talents helped me
get the job and I am honored to be a part of this TV history.

Q: How did you come to compose for Barbra Streisand?

A: On Aug. 16, 1987, I wrote an anthem for world peace called "At the Same
Time." When I finished, it I knew it was for Barbra Streisand. I tried every way
imaginable to get the song to her. Finally, Amanda McBroom told Barbra's A&R man
about the song and I had a meeting with him -- 150 rewrites later, Barbra
recorded her final vocal on Aug. 16, 1997. Ten years to the date. I've written
numerous songs for her that haven't made it to her recordings, but I am honored
to have songs on seven of her recent CDs.

Q: Is it true, that you're the only composer to have collaborated with Cole
Porter? How did that come about?

A: Bradshaw Smith told me about this lyric he found in "The Complete Lyrics of
Cole Porter." He asked if I would compose music to it. I did, and sang the song
"I Gaze in Your Eyes" in my club acts. One day, I was recording a CD of Cole
Porter Songs with the producer Ben Bagley. I played him the song and he recorded
it so he could send it to the Cole Porter Estate for their permission to use it.
When Robert Townsend heard the song, he was so moved he wept and decided to
publish it, making me the only composer to have collaborated with Cole Porter.

Q: You're touring with a number of different shows. Is it more challenging than
having one show/one primary setlist and do you have a favorite show among all
the ones you do?

A: I love all my shows. I work insanely hard on them to be little works of art
that will stand the test of time and be exciting to sing again and again. Doing
the shows in my Legacy Series like "The Streisand Songbook" and "The Sarah
Vaughan Project" have helped me to up my game as a singer because it is a huge
task to make their signature songs my own. But that's what I did. With all the
different shows I do, I am never bored. I just finished doing a run of "Turning
Points," my newest act and most autobiographical show to date, and the response
from the press and my audiences was amazing. Music is my muse and each day new
ideas come forward.

Q: Talk a little about "Turning Points."

A: "Turning Points" is my newest show about the milestones in our lives -- the
moments that define us. I went from birth, through childhood, my parent's
divorce, moving to New York, my first major relationship, my first hit song, my
career dream coming true, finding true love, surviving cancer and getting
married in 75 minutes. The New York Times called it my deepest show yet and I
look forward to touring it around the country. My audiences love my theme shows,
but getting this peek at who I am generated a response I never could have
imagined.

Q: You've composed music for TV/films, and appeared in a couple of films: one as
a singer ("The Good Shepherd") and one in a non-musical capacity (the 2004 short
"Volare"). Have you considered more non-musical roles in the future?

A: Of course I've considered doing non-musical roles. The question is, are
producers considering me for those roles?

Q: You're recorded several tracks to help various charity efforts. How important
is that work to you?

A: I view charitable work in music as a healing and powerful way to unite my
roles as an artist and citizen. Music is one of the most effective ways to bring
people together in crisis and in any time. As a songwriter, it's almost an
immediate reflex for me to write something about a challenging time. It helps me
to feel that I am not just sitting there doing nothing, but responding from my
heart to the hearts of the others about something that matters. Music is the
gift that is always giving to all of us in every part of life.

Q: Have you been to the Poconos prior? What can the audience expect from your
show at Pocono Community Theater?

A: I believe this is my Poconos debut. I've been there and it is beautiful, so I
am looking forward to doing a Poconos love-song improv, inspired by my visit and
the words and phrases of my audience. The show will be a best-of-Ann show and
I'll be doing a song or two from my new CD "From Sassy To Divine: The Sarah
Vaughan Project," as well as "Blues in the Night" from "Swing!" and a few songs
from "The Streisand Songbook." Soaring ballads, swing songs and a holiday
segment to help make the season bright.

Q: What's on the horizon for the future? Is there an update on "State of
Affairs," for which you were writing songs?

A: I keep hearing word that the producer wants to put this on the front burner,
but nothing definitive about this wonderful movie project yet. So many of my
dreams took ages to come true. This is one of them. I have a radio show I am
developing. And I am recording a new holiday CD, as well as another recording I
can't discuss yet. And next year takes me to Spain and wonderful places all
over. Finally, my sister, Liz, and I are singing a holiday duet on Meredith
Vieira's show on Dec. 10. I feel very blessed to do what I love and always have
new dreams on the horizon.

___ (c)2014 Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141205-1PO-Hampton-Callaway-ready-to-Swing-into-East-Stroudsburg-20141205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2014


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            January 20, 2014 Monday

Crime Watch for 01/18/2014

BYLINE: York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


District Judge Jeff Joy's office covers Shrewsbury and Springfield townships;
Glen Rock, Jacobus, Loganville, New Freedom, Railroad, Shrewsbury, I83
southbound from Route 30 to Maryland Line and I83 business loop. Mark Trovato:
554 Toad Valley Road, Glen Rock; violate rules and regulations of game
commission; pleaded guilty. Paul S. Roeder: 16622 Susquehanna Trail South, New
Freedom; taxable sales without a license; pleaded guilty. Levi G. Bowers: 2830
Beckleysville Road, Millers, Md.; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor; pleaded guilty.
Juvenile: Red Lion; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense; pleaded
guilty. Juvenile: Glen Rock; use of tobacco in schools prohibited; pleaded
guilty. Juvenile: Seven Valleys; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
pleaded guilty. Juvenile: Glen Rock; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor, malt or brewed beverages by a minor; pleaded guilty.
Juvenile: Seven Valleys; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense; pleaded
guilty.

District Judge Barry L. Bloss Jr.'s office covers Springettsbury Township. Bryce
Peters: 144 Lisa Lane; driving under the influence; waived to court. Brandon
Hengst: 3715 Bull Road, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.
Zachariah Harple: 306 Sassafrass Terrace, Mount Joy; burglary, theft by unlawful
taking or disposition, criminal trespass, receiving stolen property, possession
of instruments of crime; waived to court. William Morrell: 933 Laura Lee Circle,
Bear, Del.; possession of drug paraphernalia, retail theft, criminal mischief;
held for court. Stephen Lemiso: 316 Liberty Court, Mechanicsburg; theft by
unlawful taking or disposition; waived to court. Kenneth Hagens: 1101 Richard
St.; driving under the influence, fleeing or attempting to elude police officer,
possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, possession of a
controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court. Jose
Rodriguez-Rivera: 332 E. King St.; driving under the influence, false
identification to law enforcement; waived to court. Larrian Payne: 1016 Maytown
Road, Elizabethtown; possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug
paraphernalia; held for court. Julia Brooks: 325 Maryland Ave.; driving under
the influence; waived to court. Dustin Dill: 2622 Crestview Drive; harassment;
pleaded guilty, ordered to pay fine and court cost. Ian Divet: 5612 Mount Pisgah
Road; driving under the influence; waived to court.

District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
Amanda Christine Phillips: 1384 Wanda Drive, Hanover; harassment/physical
contact; ordered to pay fine and costs. Bernd Robert Peters: 54 Amanda Ave.,
Hanover; parking prohibited in specified places (2 counts); ordered to pay fine
and costs. Penn Town Properties: P.O. Box 1529, Hanover; operation of alarm
without valid permit; ordered to pay fine and costs. Shannon Muller: 9 Overlook
Drive, Hanover; school law; ordered to pay fine and costs. Debbie Kehring: 1425
Wanda Drive; school law; ordered to pay fine and costs. Juvenile: truancy;
ordered to pay fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

San Francisco 49ers acquire cornerback Eric Wright from Tampa Bay

BYLINE: By Cam Inman cinman@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 302 words


SANTA CLARA -- In the 49ers' latest effort to improve their pass defense, they
traded Friday for veteran cornerback Eric Wright, a San Francisco native who
fell out of favor with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after only one season there.

In exchange, the 49ers sent the Buccaneers a conditional draft pick in 2014.
Earlier Friday, undrafted rookie cornerback Lowell Rose was released to make
room on the 90-man roster for Wright.

The Tampa Bay Times is reporting that Wright was arrested last week in Los
Angeles on suspicion of driving under the influence. He also was arrested a year
ago in L.A. for suspicion of felony driving under the influence, but charges
were never brought against him.

The 49ers still have all five cornerbacks from last season's NFC Championship
team, including starters Carlos Rogers and Tarell Brown and reserves Chris
Culliver, Perrish Cox and Tramaine Brock. Nnamdi Asomugha signed a one-year,
non-guaranteed deal after being released from the Philadelphia Eagles.

Wright was a 2007 second-round draft pick by the Cleveland Browns, then moved on
to the Detroit Lions in 2011 before signing a five-year, $37.5 million deal in
March 2012 with the Buccaneers. The 5-foot-10, 200-pound cornerback attended
Riordan High before playing collegiately at USC and UNLV.

Wright is due to make $1.5 million in base salary this season, or $4 million
less than Carlos Rogers, the 49ers' starter at left cornerback the past two
seasons who's due to make $13.5 million in salaries in 2014 and 2015 combined.

Brown's base salary is $2.925 million as he enters the final season of his
contract, Brock has a $1.323 million tender while both Culliver and Cox are
slated to make $555,000 in base salaries.

Wright became expendable with the Buccaneers when they acquired former New York
Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

San Francisco 49ers trade for cornerback Eric Wright

BYLINE: By Cam Inman Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 376 words


SANTA CLARA -- In the 49ers' latest effort to improve their pass defense, they
traded Friday for veteran cornerback Eric Wright, a San Francisco native who
fell out of favor with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after only one season there.

In exchange, the 49ers sent the Buccaneers a conditional draft pick in 2014.
Earlier Friday, undrafted rookie cornerback Lowell Rose was released to make
room on the 90-man roster for Wright.

The Tampa Bay Times is reporting that Wright was arrested last week in Los
Angeles on suspicion of driving under the influence. He also was arrested a year
ago in L.A. for suspicion of felony driving under the influence, but charges
were never brought against him.

"We are pleased to add Eric to our team," 49ers general manager Trent Baalke
said. "As an organization, we have done our due diligence and anticipate Eric
working hard to contribute to the 49ers."

The 49ers still have all five cornerbacks from last season's NFC championship
team, including starters Carlos Rogers and Tarell Brown and reserves Chris
Culliver, Perrish Cox and Tramaine Brock. Nnamdi Asomugha signed a one-year,
nonguaranteed deal after being released from the Philadelphia Eagles.

Wright, who turns 28 on Wednesday, was a 2007 second-round draft pick by the
Cleveland Browns, then moved on to the Detroit Lions in 2011 before signing a
five-year, $37.5 million deal in March 2012 with the Buccaneers. The 5-foot-10,
200-pound cornerback attended Riordan High before playing collegiately at USC
and UNLV.

He had only one interception in 10 games last season before drawing a four-game
suspension from the league for violating its policy on performance-enhancing
drugs. He attributed that positive test to his use of Adderall in the offseason.

Wright is due to make $1.5 million in base salary this season, or $4 million
less than Rogers, the 49ers' starter at left cornerback the past two seasons
who's due to make $13.5 million in salaries in 2014 and 2015 combined.

Brown's base salary is $2,925,000 as he enters the final season of his contract,
Brock has a $1,323,000 tender, and both Culliver and Cox are slated to make
$555,000 in base salaries.

Wright became expendable with the Buccaneers when they acquired former New York
Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

49ers acquire cornerback Wright from Tampa Bay

BYLINE: By CAM INMAN MediaNews

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 376 words


SANTA CLARA   In the 49ers' latest effort to improve their pass defense, they
traded Friday for veteran cornerback Eric Wright, a San Francisco native who
fell out of favor with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after only one season there.

In exchange, the 49ers sent the Buccaneers a conditional draft pick in 2014.
Earlier Friday, undrafted rookie cornerback Lowell Rose was released to make
room on the 90-man roster for Wright.

The Tampa Bay Times is reporting that Wright was arrested last week in Los
Angeles on suspicion of driving under the influence. He also was arrested a year
ago in L.A. for suspicion of felony driving under the influence, but charges
were never brought against him.

"We are pleased to add Eric to our team," 49ers general manager Trent Baalke
said. "As an organization, we have done our due diligence and anticipate Eric
working hard to contribute to the 49ers."

The 49ers still have all five cornerbacks from last season's NFC championship
team, including starters Carlos Rogers and Tarell Brown and reserves Chris
Culliver, Perrish Cox and Tramaine Brock. Nnamdi Asomugha signed a one-year,
nonguaranteed deal after being released from the Philadelphia Eagles.

Wright, who turns 28 on Wednesday, was a 2007 second-round draft pick by the
Cleveland Browns, then moved on to the Detroit Lions in 2011 before signing a
five-year, $37.5 million deal in March 2012 with the Buccaneers. The 5-foot-10,
200-pound cornerback attended Riordan High before playing collegiately at USC
and UNLV.

He had only one interception in 10 games last season before drawing a four-game
suspension from the league for violating its policy on performance-enhancing
drugs. He attributed that positive test to his use of Adderall in the offseason.

Wright is due to make $1.5 million in base salary this season, or $4 million
less than Rogers, the 49ers' starter at left cornerback the past two seasons
who's due to make $13.5 million in salaries in 2014 and 2015 combined.

Brown's base salary is $2,925,000 as he enters the final season of his contract,
Brock has a $1,323,000 tender, and both Culliver and Cox are slated to make
$555,000 in base salaries.

Wright became expendable with the Buccaneers when they acquired former New York
Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

San Francisco 49ers acquire cornerback Eric Wright from Tampa Bay

BYLINE: By Cam Inman cinman@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; 49ers; News; Football

LENGTH: 302 words


SANTA CLARA -- In the 49ers' latest effort to improve their pass defense, they
traded Friday for veteran cornerback Eric Wright, a San Francisco native who
fell out of favor with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after only one season there.

In exchange, the 49ers sent the Buccaneers a conditional draft pick in 2014.
Earlier Friday, undrafted rookie cornerback Lowell Rose was released to make
room on the 90-man roster for Wright.

The Tampa Bay Times is reporting that Wright was arrested last week in Los
Angeles on suspicion of driving under the influence. He also was arrested a year
ago in L.A. for suspicion of felony driving under the influence, but charges
were never brought against him.

The 49ers still have all five cornerbacks from last season's NFC Championship
team, including starters Carlos Rogers and Tarell Brown and reserves Chris
Culliver, Perrish Cox and Tramaine Brock. Nnamdi Asomugha signed a one-year,
non-guaranteed deal after being released from the Philadelphia Eagles.

Wright was a 2007 second-round draft pick by the Cleveland Browns, then moved on
to the Detroit Lions in 2011 before signing a five-year, $37.5 million deal in
March 2012 with the Buccaneers. The 5-foot-10, 200-pound cornerback attended
Riordan High before playing collegiately at USC and UNLV.

Wright is due to make $1.5 million in base salary this season, or $4 million
less than Carlos Rogers, the 49ers' starter at left cornerback the past two
seasons who's due to make $13.5 million in salaries in 2014 and 2015 combined.

Brown's base salary is $2.925 million as he enters the final season of his
contract, Brock has a $1.323 million tender while both Culliver and Cox are
slated to make $555,000 in base salaries.

Wright became expendable with the Buccaneers when they acquired former New York
Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 19, 2013 Friday

San Francisco 49ers trade for cornerback Eric Wright

BYLINE: By Cam Inman Bay Area News Group

SECTION: SPORTS; 49ers; News; Football

LENGTH: 376 words


SANTA CLARA -- In the 49ers' latest effort to improve their pass defense, they
traded Friday for veteran cornerback Eric Wright, a San Francisco native who
fell out of favor with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after only one season there.

In exchange, the 49ers sent the Buccaneers a conditional draft pick in 2014.
Earlier Friday, undrafted rookie cornerback Lowell Rose was released to make
room on the 90-man roster for Wright.

The Tampa Bay Times is reporting that Wright was arrested last week in Los
Angeles on suspicion of driving under the influence. He also was arrested a year
ago in L.A. for suspicion of felony driving under the influence, but charges
were never brought against him.

"We are pleased to add Eric to our team," 49ers general manager Trent Baalke
said. "As an organization, we have done our due diligence and anticipate Eric
working hard to contribute to the 49ers."

The 49ers still have all five cornerbacks from last season's NFC championship
team, including starters Carlos Rogers and Tarell Brown and reserves Chris
Culliver, Perrish Cox and Tramaine Brock. Nnamdi Asomugha signed a one-year,
nonguaranteed deal after being released from the Philadelphia Eagles.

Wright, who turns 28 on Wednesday, was a 2007 second-round draft pick by the
Cleveland Browns, then moved on to the Detroit Lions in 2011 before signing a
five-year, $37.5 million deal in March 2012 with the Buccaneers. The 5-foot-10,
200-pound cornerback attended Riordan High before playing collegiately at USC
and UNLV.

He had only one interception in 10 games last season before drawing a four-game
suspension from the league for violating its policy on performance-enhancing
drugs. He attributed that positive test to his use of Adderall in the offseason.

Wright is due to make $1.5 million in base salary this season, or $4 million
less than Rogers, the 49ers' starter at left cornerback the past two seasons
who's due to make $13.5 million in salaries in 2014 and 2015 combined.

Brown's base salary is $2,925,000 as he enters the final season of his contract,
Brock has a $1,323,000 tender, and both Culliver and Cox are slated to make
$555,000 in base salaries.

Wright became expendable with the Buccaneers when they acquired former New York
Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The 49ers acquired cornerback and San Francisco native Eric Wright from
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday

Azeri papers mulls greater US involvement in Karabakh peace process

LENGTH: 627 words


Opposition papers in Azerbaijan have mulled the possibility for the greater US
involvement in the Karabakh peace process and condemned Russia's "negative" role
in the conflict.

Russia froze negotiation process

Yeni Musavat paper carried a report on 6 April where it discussed what it
described as Russia's detrimental role in the regulation of the conflict and the
possibility for the USA to take greater role in the resolution of the conflict.

The paper said that Russia is interested in preservation of the status-quo
around Nagornyy Karabakh and has "frozen" the negotiations process despite its
claims that it is mediating the conflict. Russia has great power "to keep the
Karabakh conflict and the mediation process under its control," the paper said,
adding that the Azerbaijani government is worried over Russia's mediating role
in the conflict.

"Although Azerbaijan has not officially criticized Russia's mediation [in the
conflict], there is a serious disappointment in Baku over this. Especially,
after Medvedev's unsuccessful mediation mission," the paper said.

Yeni Musavat recalled that Vladimir Putin has not initiated any discussions
about Karabakh conflict since his re-election in 2012.

The paper said that however, Russia, has perhaps decided to negotiate the
conflict with Azerbaijan and Armenia separately. It said that the Azerbaijani
foreign minister and later, his Armenian counterpart will visit Russia in May,
adding that perhaps Russia is preparing proposals regarding the Karabakh
conflict to discuss during the visits.

Possible US involvement

The weekly said that in recent years, Azerbaijan has been "lobbying" for the
West's greater involvement in the resolution of the Karabakh conflict and has
even offered Hillary Clinton during her visit to the country in 2012 to mediate
the conflict, to which the former US State Secretary had not agreed.

"The bitter truth is that the West is not interested in reducing Russia's role
calculated for the preservation of the status-quo," the paper went on to say.

Yeni Musavat said the USA is apathetic about involvement in the conflict due to
Russia's influence in the region.

"The US and its current administration are not willing to confront Russia in the
Caucasus and have given up the status of a big geopolitical player in the
[Caucasus] region. Therefore, there are no real mechanisms and possibilities in
the USA to remove Russia from the mediation mission," the paper said.

In a separate report on 27 March, Yeni Musavat mulled whether the USA is capable
of putting pressure on Armenia over Karabakh conflict. The paper recalled that
the USA recently regulated the conflict between Turkey and Israel by exercising
its influence on Israel and questioned whether it was possible for the USA to
repeat the same scenario around Karabakh.

Political analyst Natiq Miri said that the USA does not seek to be involved in
the resolution of Karabakh conflict due to Russia's influence on Armenia.

"Russia is Armenia's master. This factor reduces the US influence on Armenia.
Nagornyy Karabakh has been artificially created by Russia. It cannot be solved
without Russia's consent even if Armenia wanted it [the resolution]."

Miri said that Russia was the key country to solve the Karabakh conflict.

For his part, political analyst Vafa Quluzada, said that the USA is interested
and has the power to resolve the Karabakh conflict, opposition Azadliq paper
reported on 7 April. The paper quoted Quluzada as saying that the conflict could
be resolved with the USA's political will, adding that it was unknown when this
country would decide to be involved in the resolution of the Karabakh conflict.

Sources: Yeni Musavat, Baku, in Azeri 6 Apr 13; Yeni Musavat, Baku, in Azeri 27
Mar 13; Azadliq, Baku in Azeri, 7 Apr 13

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 18, 2009 Sunday

Letters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 845 words


End outside influences on American elections

Throughout recent history, America has been a great and powerful country.

Fighting wars not for our benefit, but instead for the benefit of other
countries, we have liberated the enslaved, freed the imprisoned and healed the
sick since our nation's birth over 200 years ago.

Our great power and influence has, however, caused some countries to fear and
resent this prowess. They couldn't defeat us militarily, morally or ethically,
but they can try to defeat us financially.

Our enemies have now focused on influencing our elections and this can be seen
in the vast sum of money given to the candidates. No one seems to care where the
money is coming from. Who is behind it and what do they want in return?

Currently, the Minnesota election is the latest attempt by, in my opinion, our
enemies to influence and destroy our country.

Other countries are pouring in millions of dollars to "buy" elections and create
an unstable and un-American government.

Our government is not working for us - the people - and instead is more worried
about controlling others, maintaining power and influence, gaining wealth and
getting their children into office. -

This has got to be stopped. The citizens of the United Stated need to be in
control of the electoral system, not other countries and entities.

A way to remove the abilities of other countries to influence the outcome of our
domestic election must be found.

Outside entities involved with George Soros have bought our leaders and
controlled the outcome of too many elections.

Look at Minnesota's senatorial elections, New York's and Illinois' Senate
selection process as recent examples.

Chad Berck

Normal

Follow Zoning Board ruling, reject gravel pit

I would like to thank the McLean County Zoning Board of Appeals for the time it
took making a recommendation regarding the gravel pit.

The McLean County Board should agree with the recommendation, and vote to deny
the special use permit. Schools, subdivisions and gravel pits don't mix.

Thank you for your support.

Toni & Dan Wudtke

Bloomington

Bring back our jobs; layoffs feed recession

What has and continues to cause the recession in this country? I would say it is
listening to so called experts, and a spirit of greed.

Years ago, there were some great men who built great amounts of wealth and used
it to help their churches and give more and more jobs to individuals, without
worrying so much about what they themselves could get out of it.

They didn't exploit the common man, expecting the common man to live on less and
less, while they kept more and more.

CEOs of companies were paid a nice salary, but not to the extent that they got
millions of dollars at the expense of others.

At one time, wealthy people in business, and unions, actually had a vision to
help their own country by providing more jobs here, instead of taking advantage
of poor people in other countries and moving their businesses out of this
country to hire cheap labor so their profits rose way above anything they could
do here - causing of course, a weakened job market here.

What am I saying? It is about time that business people and unions realize that
we are all connected.

As more people are laid off, it feeds the recession more and more.

How about big business using some of their large profits to take a risk and hang
in there and give people their jobs back, so they have money to spend on the
products that are made?

And how about bringing American business back to America for Americans? Then how
about using the excess profits to then reach out and help others in other
countries, without removing jobs from here?

Good old common sense, it's about time we got it back.

Sheila Frank

Rural Chatsworth

Who is going to pay for all these great changes?

Changes are great. Let's make our city more beautiful. Let's make our roads
better. Let's cut crime. Let's help our homeless and find them jobs. Let's clean
up the Main Street Corridor of unwanted eyesores and public nuisances.

By the way, where is the money going to come from? A state that is in the tank
from a corrupt governor? A new administration in the federal government that is
saying there is going to be a trillion dollar deficit? Maybe the small
businessman and homeowner? Maybe local special needs?

The Main Street Corridor beatification will have a long-lasting effect on
everyone. And that is a fact.

Andrew Lannie

Bloomington

Check on neighbors in extremely cold weather

It's that time again; "real" winter has set in.

I always notice the TV news anchors tell people "if you need a warming center,
go to our Web site for a list." I then think, if a person needs a warming
center, they may not have access to a computer.

Just a friendly reminder, check on your neighbors when the temperature goes low,
and please bring your pets in.

Rosemary Becker

Normal

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           January 27, 2007 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Courts

SECTION: Pg. C3

LENGTH: 792 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases Oct. 15-Dec. 15, 2006

Lisa A. Abplanalp, 41, Orrington, speeding 30-plus mph more than posted speed,
$450.

Melissa Alvarez, 22, Lamoine, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

William Anderson, 39, Dedham, rule violation, $100.

Russell N. Archer, 49, Bucksport, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail 60 days, all but seven days suspended, probation one
year, license suspended 18 months; refusing to submit to arrest or detention,
jail seven days; criminal trespass, jail seven days; disorderly conduct, jail
seven days.

Robert Arcs, 54, Sarasota, Fla., criminal threatening, dismissed.

Zachary R. Armstrong-Holler, 18, Hancock, failing to make oral or written
accident report, $150.

Yale R. Ashe, 54, Surry, illegal transportation of animal or bird, $100.

James E. Ashman Jr., 41, Sedgwick, operating vehicle after registration
suspended, dismissed.

Bruce W. Ashmore, 50, Verona, fishing for or taking shellfish from closed area,
$300.

Benjamin Astbury, 35, Sedgwick, violating protective order, $250; criminal
mischief, $250, restitution, $949.92.

Anthony Atwood, 21, Orland, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Sean S. Baker, 19, East Orland, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Anthony L. Barbato, 21, Deer Isle, habitual motor vehicle offender, $500, jail
10 days; theft by unauthorized use of property, jail 10 days, restitution, $100.

Deborah D. Barber, 56, Franklin, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 18 months.

Robert R. Barker, 26, Holden, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Charles A. Barnes Jr., 25, Sullivan, assault, dismissed; disorderly conduct,
$500.

Christopher D. Barnes, 37, Otis, possessing marijuana, $350.

Nathaniel J. Bates Jr., 23, Abbot Village, operating vehicle without safety
equipment, $100.

Jamie J. Beal, 19, Surry, violating condition of release, jail 10 days;
possessing marijuana, $350.

Michael Beauregard, 39, Bass Harbor, possessing lobster beyond minimum or
maximum, $750.

Arnold R. Belanger, 56, Anchorage, Alaska, loaded firearm or crossbow in motor
vehicle, $200.

Crystal Berce, 32, Gardiner, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, dismissed.

Patricia Bickford, 27, Lewiston, negotiating worthless instrument, $150,
restitution, $215.

Andrew R. Bien, 25, Ellsworth, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, $400,
restitution, $110; operating vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $500.

Frederick Black, 60, Southwest Harbor, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $250.

Michael C. Boland, 19, Bar Harbor, violating public fire safety rule, $300.

Nathan R. Bolduc, 21, Farmington, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Dustin W. Boston, 37, Stonington, habitual motor vehicle offender, $500, jail 10
days.

Joshua D. Boudreau, 33, Gouldsboro, negotiating worthless instrument, jail 48
hours, restitution, $146.

Jamie Boutot, 25, Ellsworth, failing to exhibit license, $100.

Timothy Boyatsis, 18, Dover, N.H., fishing without valid license, $100.

Paige L. Boynton, 19, Eastbrook, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Scott L. Bradford, 23, Ellsworth, operating vehicle without proof of financial
responsibility, $100.

Garret S. Bragdon, 20, Blue Hill, operating ATV on public way, $100.

Bryan C. Briggs, 53, Bangor, operating vehicle after registration suspended,
dismissed.

Anya E. Brookings, 19, Dedham, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

John T. Brown, 44, Brewer, operating vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicants, $900, jail eight days, license suspended 18 months.

Mark E. Bucklin, 20, Northeast Harbor, minor consuming liquor, $200.

Aaron M. Bulger, 20, Deer Isle, possessing marijuana, $350.

Reginald T. Bunker, 25, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Thomas E. Burgess, 19, Milbridge, criminal mischief, jail 48 hours; trespass by
motor vehicle, jail 48 hours.

Robert J. Burpee, 24, Bucksport, disorderly conduct, jail 48 hours.

Shawn J. Busolt, 22, Hancock, speeding 30 plus mph more than posted speed,
$1,000.

Tiffany Butler, 25, Hancock, negotiating worthless instrument, $100,
restitution, $83.04.

Peter N. Buxton, 45, Stonington, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Christine Buzzell, 26, Tremont, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

John F. Carleton, 45, Farmington, theft of services, jail 24 hours, restitution,
$16.

Garrett L. Carter, 20, Brooklin, minor possessing liquor, $200.

Douglas Chambers, 39, Veazie, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $600.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     March 20, 2002 Wednesday, York Edition

DISTRICT COURTS

SECTION: YORK COUNTY & STATE; DISTRICT COURTS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 870 words


BIDDEFORD

The following people were found guilty in Biddeford District Court and their
cases received final disposition as of Jan. 31, 2002:

Dale L. Carlow, 51, of Gorham, operating under influence, 6/6/01, in Saco,
license suspended 90 days, $400.

Rachel Carr, 23, of Biddeford, operating after suspension, 12/10/01, in
Biddeford, $200 with $75 suspended.

Benjamin Doughty, 20, of Hollis Center, minor possessing liquor, 1/19/02, in
Buxton, $200.

Ricky A. Drake, 43, of Bridgeport, Conn., operating after disqualified, 5/28/01,
in Saco, $250; operating with false duty log, 5/28/01, in Saco, $500.

Aaron T. Durant, 30, of Portland, operating under influence, 9/9/01, in
Biddeford, 180 days in jail, all but seven suspended, one year probation,
license suspended 18 months, $600; operating after suspension, $125.

Clifford Ebersole, 20, of Saco, operating after license suspension, 11/21/01, in
Saco, $150; failure to register vehicle, $100.

Genie Hayer, 25, of Biddeford, operating after suspension, 11/5/01, in
Biddeford, $200.

Anthony A. Hayes, 20, of Biddeford, failure to notify owner of property damage
accident, 5/14/01, in Biddeford, $125; operating vehicle without a license,
$100; assault, 8/16/01, in Kennebunkport, $200.

Loraine J. Hebert, 34, of Old Orchard Beach, operating under influence, 9/17/01,
in Saco, 120 days in jail, all but 96 hours suspended, one year probation,
license suspended 90 days, $500.

Steven G. Lavigne, 32, of Biddeford, operating after suspension, 11/26/01, in
Biddeford, $300.

Jamie P. Lee, 19, of Saco, operating after suspension, 6/25/01/ in Saco, $200;
unlawful possession of scheduled drugs, 12/03/01, in Biddeford, $300.

Ladd Meyerhoff, 35, of Lyman, operating after suspension, 10/4/01, in Buxton,
$200; failure to register vehicle, $100.

Robert Milliard, 20, of Arundel, operating under influence, 7/20/01, in Arundel,
license suspended 90 days, $400.

Vito M. Mininni III, 45, of Biddeford, violating condition of release, 10/12/01,
in Saco, 24 hours in jail; driving to endanger, $750.

Bennie L. Montgomery III, 33, of Biddeford, possessing marijuana, 7/2/01, in
Saco, $400.

Derek T. Morrison, 28, of Norway, 30+ mph over speed limit, 7/1/01, in Saco,
$200.

Ilene Mulkern, 42, of Portland, operating under influence, 11/16/01, in Saco,
seven days in jail, license suspended 18 months, registration suspended, $600.

Kevin E. Richardson, 33, of Gorham, operating under influence, 8/17/01, in
Buxton, seven months in jail, all but 30 days suspended, one year probation,
license suspended four years, registration suspended, $1000.

Lee Richardson, 21, of Biddeford, theft by unauthorized use of property,
5/10/01, in Biddeford, 60 days in jail; operating vehicle without a license; 60
days in jail.

Frank Stedford, 44, of Parsonsfield, operating after suspension, 4/16/01, in
Lyman, $150.

Jared Stone, 21, of Hollis, 30+ mph over speed limit, 8/16/01, in Hollis, $200.

Tracie A. Strout, 31, of Biddeford, assault, 9/19/01, in Biddeford, $200.

Albert J. Swinnen, 42, of Old Orchard Beach, operating under influence, 1/22/99,
in Biddeford, 48 hours in jail, license suspended 90 days, $500.

Lyen Williams, 52, of Larchmont, N.Y., operating without status current,
9/26/01, in Saco, $250.
SPRINGVALE

The following people were found guilty in Springvale District Court and their
cases received final disposition as of Feb. 1, 2002:

Christopher Campbell, 25, of Sanford, operating under influence, 7/16/01, in
Sanford, license suspended 90 days, $750.

Earl Haskell, 49, of Waterboro, failing to make oral or written accident report,
7/29/01, in Waterboro, $200.

Alice C. Holston, 35, of Westbrook, operating under influence, 7/12/01, in
Sanford, 72 hours in jail, license suspended 90 days.

Jesse A. Peterson, 20, of Rumford, possession of antlerless deer, 10/27/01, in
Limerick, $200.

Louis J. Zucco, 20, of Sanford, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
9/23/01, in Sanford, community service 80 hours within.
YORK

The following people were found guilty in York District Court and their cases
received final disposition as of Jan. 31, 2002:

Douglas E. Crofton, 46, of Cleveland, Texas, operating without false duty log,
7/10/01, in York, $750.

James R. Hanson, 20, of York, operating defective motor vehicle, 8/15/01, in
Kittery, $260.

David A. Henninger, 35, of Berrysburg, Pa., operating without status current,
12/13/01, in York, $250.

Jason D. McKay, 31, of Kennebunk, operating under influence, 10/12/01, in
Kittery, 72 hours in jail, license suspended 90 days, $500.

Thomas J. Mueller, 25, of So. Berwick, driving to endanger, 4/14/01, in South
Berwick, $500.

Jason C. Sanders, 31, of Houston, Texas, operating with false duty log,
10/15/01, in York, $750.

David J. Sauer, 41, of Wells, disorderly conduct, 1/3/01, in Wells, 90 days in
jail, all suspended, one year probation.

Darryl D. Woodward, 38, of York, operating vehicle without a license, 11/5/01,
in York, $150.

David Zysk, 55, of Wells, failure to pay parking tickets, $200.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                               May 8, 2009 Friday
                                National Edition

Stay on top of climate debate, says ex-U.S. envoy; David Wilkins; Proposed U. S.
law could hurt oil sands

BYLINE: Claudia Cattaneo, Financial Post, with files from Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 569  words


Canada has a lot at stake in the proposed climate-change legislation being
debated in Washington, but it is also in a unique position to influence the
outcome, the former U. S. ambassador to Canada said yesterday.

As the largest supplier of energy to the United States and the largest trading
partner, Canada is "getting front and centre and more limelight, and you are
getting discussed more than usual," David Wilkins said in an interview in
Calgary, where he was meeting with energy-sector representatives.

Some of Canada's influence comes from being at the leading edge of developing
technology to reduce carbon emissions, such as carbon capture and storage
projects in Saskatchewan and Alberta, that he said is more attractive than
implementing draconian emissions caps.

However, he urged Canada to stay engaged.

"Let your voice be heard, because if it isn't heard, you can rest assured that
someone else's is, and it may not be compatible with your views," he said.

U. S. legislators are discussing a bill proposed by U. S. Representative Henry
Waxman, a California Democrat who chairs the House Energy and Commerce
Committee, that would create a cap-and-trade system of pollution credits
designed to cut carbon emissions 20% from 2005 levels by 2020, and 83% by 2050.
The bill also proposes a national low-carbon-fuel standard.

The measures could hurt Canada's oil sands, which produce more greenhouse gases
than other oil sources.

Mr. Wilkins stepped down in January as the top U. S. envoy to Canada. He is now
a lawyer and lobbyist with the law firm Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP.
Based in Greenville, S. C., his firm represents the government of Saskatchewan,
a top producer of oil and uranium, in the U. S. capital

Mr. Wilkins said it's unlikely all the measures being proposed in the Waxman
bill will be implemented.

"There is going to be a lot of discussion, a lot of emotion in this issue, but
it's way too early to predict the ultimate outcome," he said.

However, he said the stakes for Canadian energy exporters are high, and there is
a danger climate change could turn into more U. S. protectionism if measures
include imposing duty or tariffs on goods from countries whose emissions are
less regulated.

"I hope we don't do that," he said. "But there are those out there that proposed
that."

The U. S. energy industry, a big investor in the oil sands, has been critical of
the Obama administration's climate-change agenda, which also favours subsidizing
alternative energy while increasing taxes on producers of fossil fuels.

Yesterday, David O'Reilly, Chevron Corp.'s chief executive, said talk of
reducing greenhouse gases by such large amounts is unrealistic.

"Seeking those reductions without any realistic plan to replace that energy is a
straight path back to a pre-industrial economy and a standard of living to match
it," Mr. O'Reilly said in prepared remarks for a speech in Boston.

Mr. Wilkins joins two other former U. S. ambassadors to Canada lobbying for
Canada in the United States: Gordon Giffin, who sits on the board of top oil
sands developer Canadian Natural Resources Ltd.; and James Blanchard, director
of Enbridge Inc., the pipeline company that ships most of Canada's oil to the
United States.

Former Calgary-based U. S. consul general Tom Huffaker joined the Canadian
Association of Petroleum Producers in March as vice-president, policy and
environment.

ccattaneo@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Jana Chytilova, National Post Files; David Wilkins, former U. S.
ambassador to Canada, says Canada is in a unique position to influence the
climate-change debate now taking place in Washington, but it is critical that
the country stay engaged on the issue. ; !@AKW=ENERGY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Local native honored in Pittsburgh;
Ministry work earns couple special recognition.;
DAYTON

BYLINE: By Marie Kriedman

SECTION: WEST MONTGOMERY COUNTY/DAYTON; Pg. OZWR2

LENGTH: 320 words


Sheila Johnson Hunt Day hails from Dayton and was honored last month in
Pennsylvania.

Pittsburgh recently named Nov. 16 as James and Dr. Sheila Johnson Hunt Day.

Johnson Hunt grew up in the Dayton View neighborhood, and she graduated from
Colonel White High School in the 1970s. She mentors teens in job readiness
skills and also works with Project Right Start and Young Ladies Rites of
Passage.

The city honored the couple for their 25 years of ministry-related work in the
Baptist community of western Pennsylvania.

Her husband is the senior pastor of First Baptist Church Penn Hills, and Johnson
Hunt is the minister of music and executive pastor.

Johnson Hunt still has family in the Dayton area. Her family includes two sons,
Julian and Justin, and a grandson.

She said she was surprised when she learned of the honor.

"As a person in the people development business, you do what you do because you
love doing it and you are gifted to do it," she said.

The husband-and-wife team also created multiple community development programs
to help teenagers prepare for the workforce and help women gain self sufficiency
after crisis situations.

"Everyone can make a difference in the lives of others because everyone has a
sphere of influence," Johnson Hunt said. "Your sphere of influence may be your
children, neighborhood, church, community center. Whatever your sphere of
influence, make sure you leave a positive lasting impact."

Hunt, a native of York, Pa., has participated in many mission trips and trained
others for trips to Germany, Haiti, Mexico, Kenya, Russia and Liberia.

Johnson Hunt is also a gospel singer and recently released her seventh album.

She also served as faculty for the Gospel Music Workshop of America.

The best part is "seeing people's lives transformed to reach their potential
against all odds," Johnson Hunt said. "(It) reminds me of what has been
accomplished and motivates me to accomplish even more."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Cool news: Jeffersonville native doing weather on Good Morning America

BYLINE: David A. Mann, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 456 words


Aug. 09--JEFFERSONVILLE -- Everyone likes a story about a hometown girl doing
good. And Amy Freeze's is one that you can tune in and see for yourself this
week.

Freeze, a 1992 graduate of Jeffersonville High School, will be doing the weather
for a few days this week on "Good Morning America." She's filling in for the
show's everyday weatherman, Sam Champion, today and Wednesday. She also worked
there Monday.

Freeze called the gig an exciting one.

"The studios are in Times Square in NYC. The staff is friendly and everyone is
busy, devoted to the stories of the day."

Of course, she's no stranger to forecasting weather for large audiences, having
previously worked for TV stations in Portland, Ore., Denver, Philadelphia and
Chicago. Her regular job is meteorologist for New York's WABC-TV

Freeze grew up on Pawnee Drive in Jeffersonville. For fun, she said she played a
lot of sports.

"I was a cheerleader for football and basketball," she said. "I was up and down
Allison Lane all the time with my best friend Anne Pfau. I spent lots of time
with my four sisters and with friends," she said.

She counts local teachers -- from Parkwood Elementary, River Valley Middle
School and Jeffersonville High School -- as her major influences growing up.

"[They] had a direct influence on my motivation to learn new things, challenge
myself and achieve goals," she said.

She credits her high school teachers Tony Willis and Libby Shaw as influences
that helped kindle a love of journalism. She said she didn't know she wanted to
someday become a weather forecaster.

"I knew I wanted to tell stories," she said. "It just so happens that weather
stories have become my favorite topic."

Not only does she enjoy the science, physics and geography of the trade, but
Freeze jokes that her last name lends itself to her profession.

"I found a job at a TV station and instantly knew it was a good fit for me," she
said.

After she graduated from high school, the Freeze family moved to Utah, where her
mother is originally from.

Her father Bill Freeze said she looked up to local TV personality Jackie Hays,
who was a friend of the family, while she was growing up. All his daughters put
a premium on academics and hard work when they were young.

"After 15 years of hard work, I think they have a lot of confidence in her,"
Bill Freeze said. "For both my wife and I, it's exciting."

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2011, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110809-JB-Cool-news-Jeffersonville-native-doing-weather-on-Good-Morning-Americ
a-0809-20110809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2011 The Evening News and The Tribune


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 8, 2010 Monday

Crime Watch for 11/08/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Leonard A. Saunders, 1122 W. Market St.; forgery-unauthorized act in writing,
criminal conspiracy-forgery, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Joshua M. Resh, 1980 W. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, yield at roadway, vehicle turning left; waived to court.

Kevin W. Finke, 848 E. Maple St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Christopher D. Brown, 1400 W. Market St.; intent to possess controlled substance
by person not registered, manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver; waived to court.

Shawn T. Gillespie, 19 N. Hartley St.; driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving without a
license, restraint systems, driving under the influence: controlled
substance-combination of alcohol and drugs, turning movements/required signals;
waived to court.

Latiitia M. Duke, 27 E. 5th Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving at safe speed; waived to court.

Bryana N. Gingerich, 706 N. Franklin St.; unsworn falsification- written false
statement; waived to court.

Jennifer McClane, 1360 W. Market St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Nathaniel Williams, York County Prison; harassment; found guilty, served time.

Melissa Barrick, 24 Argyle St., Glen Rock; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Ann Strouse, 1623 Stanton St.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Breanne Spangler, 930 N. Duke St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jeffrey Lauer, Lauer Brothers Auto Sales, 2075 Tall Fir Drive, Dover; tax
violation; found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Cherly Albright, 378 E. Philadelphia St.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty,
paid cost and fines.

Edward J. Mort II, 381 Pine St., Bellefonte; income tax violation; found guilty,
paid cost and fines.

April Urey, 935 Gebhart Road, Windsor; defiant trespass-actual communication;
pleaded guilty, paid cost and fines.

Luann E. Sheets 1007 Lancaster Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid cost and
fines.

Cory M. Myers, 1313 N. George St., Apt. 1; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid cost
and fines.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 28, 2010 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1355 words


<b>POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE</b>

Matthew Johnson reported Sunday the $1,250 theft of an engine and transmission
from a 1984 Subaru GL parked on the 3000 block of North Government Way.

<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE ROBERT BURTON</b>

John C. Rhoden, 26, Post Falls; Count I: battery-domestic violence with no
traumatic injury; 90 days in jail. Count II: malicious injury to property; 90
days in jail. Counts concurrent.

Amanda A. McNamara, 24, Smelterville; $200 fine, one year in jail (355 days
suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, two
years probation.

Robert A. Michalec, 29, Post Falls; petty theft; $87 fine, 360 days in jail (315
days suspended) or 120 hours county work program, 45 days unscheduled jail time,
two years probation.

<b> JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER</b>

Vanessa N. Rice, 21, Post Falls; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $300 fine (suspended), one year in jail (308 days suspended, 23
days credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year probation.

Jason V. Johnson, 30, Plummer; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($250
suspended), 180 days in jail (169 days suspended, 11 days credited), 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

<b> JUDGE JAMES STOW</b>

Carl G. Pitts, 50, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (165 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

April D. Harbin, 52, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Daniel J. Olson, 40, Spokane; possession of a controlled substance, $300 fine,
$100 restitution to state lab, 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, one year probation.

Frederick M. Donohoe, 52, Post Falls; Count I: petty theft; 75 days in jail
(credited). Count II: petty theft; 75 days in jail (credited).

Derek A. Ward, 23, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (168 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Garrett B. Olson, 19, Yakima; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Christapher A. Harris, 19, Post Falls; minor in possession of alcohol; $1,000
fine ($500 suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

<b> JUDGE BARRY WATSON</b>

Barry E. Crawford Jr., 37, Coeur d'Alene; insufficient funds check; $200 fine,
180 days in jail (171 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, two years
probation.

<b> JUDGE JOHN LUSTER</b>

Jared A. Vaara, 31, Hayden; felony grand theft; one year determinate
penitentiary time (credit for time served), two years indeterminate penitentiary
time.

<b> CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Dennette Barker, seeking $1,260.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Nathan Hyder, seeking $1,898.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Andrew and Christina Hartin, seeking $1,411.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Susanna and Brian Chamberlain, seeking
$1,328.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. John and Tracy Claybaugh, seeking $1,596.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Harold and Fern Royal, seeking $1,307.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Megan and Joe Jessup, seeking $1,302.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. Advanced Boat Works LLC and Russel Vulles,
seeking $1,700.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Shawna and Jonathan Labolle, seeking $2,449.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Sandy Dolence, seeking $4,082.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jeremy Kellogg, seeking $1,224.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Christopher Chung, seeking $1,568.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jeffery Justus, seeking $3,763.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Luke Denman, seeking $1,140.

Spokane Law Enforcement Credit Union v. Robert Stevens, seeking $4,815.

Mountain West Bank v. William Scherer and Meg Monday, seeking $82,571.

Capital One Bank v. Susan Sunderland, seeking $1,241.

Capital One Bank v. Sharisa Foreman, seeking $1,478.

Capital One Bank v. Dedria Jensen, seeking $1,565.

Runge Finance Co. v. Christopher and Roberta Watkins, seeking $1,288.

Rental Property Management v. Linette Swenson and Mark Swenson, seeking $4,806.

Runge Finance Co. v. Haley Kirk, seeking $3,970.

Runge Finance Co. v. Carlos Gajon, seeking $4,627.

Runge Finance Co. v. Jason Feltham, seeking $2,633.

Capital One Bank v. Charles Hatridge and Hatridge Family Limited Partnership,
seeking $1,744.

Capital One Bank v. Amanda Clark, seeking $2,916.

Capital One Bank v. Lindsey Herceg, seeking $1,309.

Capital One Bank v. Brent Rutledge, seeking $2,523.

Capital One Bank v. Brent Rutledge, seeking $1,529.

Capital One Bank v. Holli Shouse, seeking $3,240.

Corey Koerner v. Michael Frank, seeking $2,595.

<b> CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Cory and Pamela Jensen, plaintiff awarded
$1,133.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Metzger and Jennifer Metzger, plaintiff
awarded $1,795.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Thomas Cosson Jr., plaintiff awarded $1,157.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gregory and Shannon Cabbage, plaintiff
awarded $4,430.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Whorley, plaintiff awarded $1,421.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Joseph Kunka and Charlene Kunka, plaintiff awarded
$1,633.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Jeremy Guffey,
plaintiff awarded $2,830.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Ashley Tosch, plaintiff awarded $2,625.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jacob Thompson, plaintiff awarded $1,407.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Angela Anderson, plaintiff awarded $2,025.

Midland Funding LLC v. Wade Kelley, plaintiff awarded $1,318.

First Resolution Investment Corp. v. Shane Miars, aka Hane Miars, plaintiff
awarded $1,614.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Pamela Kirchgassner, plaintiff awarded
$3,057.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Michael Norton and Bianca Norton, plaintiff awarded
$4,766.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Coinuts Inc., dba Proof Coins Inc. and Kevin
Mitchell, plaintiff awarded $4,748.

North Star Capital Acquisition v. Cory Cameron, plaintiff awarded $1,075.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Michael Noonan, plaintiff awarded $4,524.

HSBC Bank Nevada v. Jeannie Nunnes, plaintiff awarded $4,943.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Christopher Martin and Miriam Martin, plaintiff
awarded $1,651.

JP Development Inc., dba Acctcorp International v. Desiree Hoots and Larry
Hoots, plaintiff awarded $4,076.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Nikki Oss, plaintiff awarded $13,674.

Beneficial Financial Inc. v. Shelly and Terry Hines, plaintiff awarded $7,791.

Nelson Tire Factory v. Steven and Lisa Summerlin, plaintiff awarded $7,006.

US Bank National Association v. Matthew Smith, plaintiff awarded $58,772.

First Resolution Investment Corp. v. Douglas Delano, plaintiff awarded $21,339.

US Bank National Association v. Daniell Josephson, plaintiff awarded $5,587.

Citibank South Dakota v. Nathan Thurman, plaintiff awarded $31,005.

First Resolution Investment Corp. v. John Delbridge Jr., plaintiff awarded
$2,080.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. Robert Springer, plaintiff awarded $1,580.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Linda and Darrell Gardner, plaintiff awarded
$4,479.

GP Land Co LLC v. ICR Electric Inc., plaintiff awarded $14,506.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ronald Martell, plaintiff awarded $1,588.

<b>CIVIL DISMISSALS</b>

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jennifer Shaw.

<b>DIVORCES SOUGHT</b>

Michelle E. Cramer from Donald J. Cramer.

Philip E. Nusz from Karen A. Nusz.

Christopher R. Pederson from Autumn M. Wade-Pederson.

Joyce A. Kelley from Jefferson E. Pyatt.

<b> DIVORCES GRANTED</b>

Gary D. Wisdom from Jolinda McCaulley-Wisdom.

Warren E. Clark from Lanette Livingston-Clark.

Adam Vindasius from Kathleen M. Vindasius.

Amy Strayer from Craig Strayer.

Melannie J.W. Loppnow from Lon D. Loppnow.

Renell L. Anderson from Kory T. Anderson.

Justin I. Hull from Erica M. Hull.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

More Crime Watch for 05/28/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1164 words


District Judge Daniel B. Garber's office covers West Manchester Township.
DISPOSITIONS
Justin K. Wolf, 10848 Henderson Overlook Road, Huntingdon; underage drinking;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lawrence E. Cornish, 27 Maple St., Seven Valleys; criminal mischief, disorderly
conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and restitution.

Larry J. Long Jr., 1730 Hilton Ave., Dover; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Richard I. Koster, 350 Kunkle Mill Road, Dover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
failure to keep right; waived to court.

Corbin N. Burt, 3343 Glen Hollow Drive, Dover; driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance,
driving under the influence: general impairment, failure to keep right; waived
to court.

Troy A. Duke, 451 N. George St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment; waived to court.

Marty E. Bones, 84 Charles Lane, Dover; harassment, simple assault, theft by
unlawful taking; held for court.

Brandilee E. Flickinger, 6147 Gladfelter Station Road, Seven Valleys; criminal
trespass; pleaded guilty, time served.

Zachariah J. Querry, 1209 Devers Road; retail theft; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Lind J. Walter, 2693 Roosevelt Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, time
served.

Brian D. Ehrhart, 612 W. Market St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, time served.

Elizabeth R. Germer, 64 Meadowview Drive, Dover; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Michael D. Dilkes, 21 York St., first floor, Hanover; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Erik D. Romero, 318 Hawthorne St., Apt. 1; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jonathan V. Herrera, 4436 Beaumont Road, Dover; disorderly conduct; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Yulio Dela-Cruz, 459 W. Princess St., first floor; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Eric D. Barton, 1899 Herman Drive; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Brian L. Maust, 387 Leedy Road, Spring Grove; retail theft; waived to court.

Rodney G. Stringfellow, 2111 Aquasco Road, Aquasco, Md.; receiving stolen
property, theft by deception; waived to court.

Julmeala Jung, 2843 Lake Ave., Baltimore, Md.; theft by deception; waived to
court.

Steven M. Altland, 429 N. Hartley St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Kirstin M. Detter, 2103 Winding Road; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

John R. Connelly II, 2436 Brillhart Station Road; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

George A. Light II, 1348 W. Market St., Apt. 1; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Marquis William-Elliot, 832 E. Market St., second floor; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, time served.

Davina A. Potter, 415 W. King St., retail theft; pleaded guilty, time served.

Rebecca A. Adkins, 350 Smyser St.; access device-fraud; waived to court.

Alisha Murray, 161 Greenfield St., Manchester; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol,
accident involving injury, careless driving; held for court.

Regina A. Nelson, 317 Hellam St., Wrightsville; retail theft; waived to court.

Ella M. Cox, 443 Prospect St., first floor; false identification to law
enforcement, retail theft; waived to court.

Jerrod S. Drawbaugh, 2510 W. Market St., rear; possession of marijuana; waived
to court.

Jacob H. Hess, 350 Smyser St.; access device-fraud; waived to court.

Chad A. Knaub, 3034 Mackinzi Lane, Apt. 4; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, disregard
traffic lane; waived to court.

Nicholas J. Dirocco Jr., 1434 Monroe St., Apt. C; retail theft; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Charnice Thomas, 54 E. 8th Ave.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jennifer Heilman, 12 Lawson Court; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Randy E. Modzel, 2100 Mason Ave., Lot 10; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Wilfredo Torres, 488 W. Market St.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Bruce E. Hengst Jr., 36 S. Sumner St.; underage drinking, retail theft; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Samuel C. Rannels, 130 S. Beaver St., Apt. 4; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Stephen L. Dickson, 2728 Old Field Drive; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Ryan A. McAfee, 293 Garrison Road, York Haven; public drunkenness; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Jarrett L. Witmer, 429 Riverview Drive, Wrightsville; public drunkenness;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.
---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim town ships .

DISPOSITIONS
Brian Ashley Riley, 1230 Knoll Drive; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Thomas Belivakici, 240 Bragg Circle, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Kevin Michael Brodsky Jr., 182 Airport Road, Hanover; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Kevin Michael Brodsky Jr., 182 Airport Road, Hanover; criminal mischief;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Jason Allen Heron, 313 Springs Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Gregory Alan Varish, 750 Bull Frog Road, Gettysburg; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Matthew Eric Harbaugh, 6 Palomino Trail, Fairfield; violation of rules on
Commonwealth property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Lawrence Wertman, 3599 Baumgardner Road, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Kimberly Johnson, 22 Dunmore Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Ashley Nicole McDermitt, 716 York St., first floor, Hanover; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

David Utermahlen, 581 Sunset Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; harassment; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; criminal trespass; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; parking prohibited in specified places; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Michelle Reeves, 600.5 York St., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Angelus Davis, 64 Forest View Terrace, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Deborah Metz, 304 Wirt Ave., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Hanover Juvenile; PA Fish and Boat Commission; control of property; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; school law; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Timothy Michael Tivvis, 650 Streaker Road, Sykesville, Md.; PA Fish and Boat
Commission; control of property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Erin Kehr, 512 Packinghouse Road, Hanover; bad check; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Scott Daniel Morsberger, 238 Hobbitts Lane, Westminster, Md.; PA Fish and Boat
Commission; rules and regulations; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Robert L. McMillion, 25 Meadowview Drive, Hanover; parking prohibited in
specified place; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 7, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 884 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Scott Gittel reported Monday the theft of a 1995 Kawasaki ATV of undetermined
value from Thriftique, 1701 N. Fourth St.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge John Luster

Justin W. Russell, 22, Coeur d'Alene; felony robbery; two years determinate
penitentiary time, five years indeterminate penitentiary time.

Judge Scott Wayman

Chad M. Rathburn, 33, Post Falls; inattentive driving; $300 fine, $450
reimbursement for prosecution, four days in jail or 16 hours county work
program.

Michael G. Shaw, 38, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (172 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 180 days in
jail, two years probation.

Vincent T. Donelan, 18, Coeur d'Alene; public fighting; $150 fine, five days in
jail or 16 hours county work program.

Franky D. Cordova, 35, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: driving without privileges; $250
fine, $100 reimbursement for defense, 10 days in jail or 40 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension. Count II: misdemeanor probation
violation; 20 days in jail or 80 hours county work program. Jail time
concurrent.

Judge James Stow

Thomas L. White, 22, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $250 fine, 30
days in jail or 80 hours county work program, 180 days driver's license
suspension.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Trisha L. Hill, 25, Osburn; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

David R. Jennings, 26, Mullan; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $200 fine, five days in jail.

Adam A. Kenyon, 40, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (130 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 15 days
additional jail time or proof of evaluation and treatment, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Alexey P. Oleynik, 21, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 46
days in jail or 10 days in jail and proof of evaluation and completion of
treatment and 16 hours county work program.

Civil complaints

Capital One Bank USA v. Steven Carver, seeking $3,934.

Capital One Bank USA v. Michael Wilk, seeking $1,056.

Capital One Bank USA v. Susan Springer, seeking $1,405.

Capital One Bank USA v. Richard, aka Rick Beasley, and Polly Beasley, seeking
$2,392.

Capital One Bank USA v. Bryan Strope and Sheri Strope, seeking $1,725.

Capital One Bank USA v. Stephanie Werner, seeking $1,069.

Capital One Bank USA v. Thomas Bankowski, seeking $1,562.

Capital One Bank USA v. Anne Carmack, seeking $1,216.

Capital One Bank USA v. Dorothy Papuzynski, seeking $1,039.

Capital One Bank USA v. Joel Jensen, seeking $1,132.

Capital One Bank USA v. Michael Wilk, seeking $2,846.

Capital One Bank USA v. Kevin Thiede, seeking $9,405.

Capital One Bank USA v. Bradley Nelson, seeking $1,027.

Capital One Bank USA v. Roni Akana, seeking $1,025.

Discover Bank v. Cindy Axtell, seeking $5,381.

Capital One Bank USA v. David Hughes, seeking $1,605.

Capital One Bank USA v. Dedria Jensen, seeking $2,059.

Capital One Bank USA v. Phillip Duzet, seeking $11,390.

Capital One Bank USA v. Debra Wilson, seeking $1,064.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Larry and Desiree Hoots, plaintiff awarded
$1,525.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Deborah and Darwyn Egle, plaintiff awarded
$6,756.

Quik Check v. Denise Dreher, plaintiff awarded $1,273.

First Resolution Investment Corp. v. Miguel Zavaleta, plaintiff awarded $3,067.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Helen Ahnquist, plaintiff awarded $1,690.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Carrie Martin, plaintiff awarded $3,789.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Bill Warren and Janice Warren, plaintiff awarded
$1,090.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Michelle Petersen, plaintiff awarded $4,097.

Chrystal Russell v. Timberline Drilling Inc., plaintiff awarded $3,110.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brigitte and Joseph Dyson, plaintiff awarded
$2,948.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Ted Rohrenbach and Connie Rohrenbach, plaintiff
awarded $1,388.

Carol Parr v. Boyd Hand, dba Boyd's Custom Concrete, plaintiff awarded $2,583.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kelly and Randall Suter, plaintiff awarded
$1,257.

Ford Motor Credit Co. LLC v. Lonnie Raaum and Jennifer Raaum, plaintiff awarded
$14,759.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Valerie Reichert, plaintiff awarded $1,869.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ronald and Angela High, plaintiff awarded
$1,579.

Civil dismissals

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Christel Nunnalee Hornung.

Collection Bureau Inc. v. Scott Harris.

Sandstone Materials LLC v. Kenneth Melton, Kari Melton and Melton Homes.

Sandstone Materials LLC v. Kenneth Melton, Kari Melton and Melton Homes.

Sandstone Materials LLC v. Kenneth Melton, Kari Melton and Melton Homes.

Sandstone Materials LLC v. Kenneth Melton, Kari Melton and Melton Homes.

Hardwood Connection Inc. v. Shaun Williams.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Gregory Delavan and Ellen Jo Delavan.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Elizabeth Jobe.

Divorces granted

Darcy W. Otto from Gail A. Otto.

Diane Kehrle from Sean P. Shannon.

Doris E. Pruitt from David B. Pruitt.

Tesa McVay from Brett McVay.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

MUGS 'N' THUGS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; THE JUICE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 377 words



HIGHLIGHT: While you're busy getting ready for New Year's Eve, make sure you
remember to mind your manners, or else you might end up like one of these famous
scofflaws.


Heidi Fleiss: Arrested in Pahrump, Nev., in February for illegal possession of
prescription drugs and driving under the influence. Can you can tell?

Gary Collins: He checked into the Glendale, Calif., jail in January. He was
serving a four-day sentence for drunken driving in an accident in Los Angeles.

Ryan O'Neal: He and his son Redmond were arrested in L.A. in September after
drugs were found in their Malibu home. Redmond was on probation for a June
conviction.

Bai Ling: Charged in February with petit theft for shoplifting a pack of
batteries and a handful of magazines at LAX. Value: $16.22. Fine: $200.

Heather Locklear: Busted in Santa Barbara in September on suspicion of driving
under the influence of a controlled substance. A witness reported her driving
erratically.

Andy Dick: The winner of the 2008 Nick Nolte Award in last week's Juice*ys, he
was arrested in Murrieta, Calif., in July for suspicion of drug possession and
sexual battery.

Josh Brolin and Jeffrey Wright: The actors were both arrested in Shreveport,
La., in July after a bar fight. They had been celebrating the wrapping of Oliver
Stone's W., and were taken to the cooler with five other members of the crew.
Maybe the local residents didn't quite like what everyone had to say about our
43rd president.

Chris Cagle:The country singer lived out the sad tales of his genre: arrested in
May in Nashville for a drunken fight with his girlfriend, Jennifer Tant.

DMX: It was not a good year for the rapper, nee Earl Simmons. After being
indicted in May for felony drug possession and animal cruelty following a police
raid on his house in Phoenix (left), he was busted on July 2 for outstanding
warrants when he tried to fly out of Phoenix's Sky Harbor International Airport
(center). He was arrested again on July 19 (right) on charges that he gave a
false name and Social Security number to a Scottsdale hospital to avoid paying a
bill. Federal authorities arrested him Dec. 9 after he failed to appear in a
Phoenix court. Where was he? In rehab in Miami.

Richie Sambora: It must have been because Locklear's ex-husband, the Bon Jovi
lead guitarist, was hit with an arrest for DUI in Laguna Beach in March.

From the editors of tbt* - Tamap Bay Times; Edited by Joshua Gillin,
jgillin@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 463 words


Bonner County

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Tyson L. Boggess - 21, Sandpoint, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance-methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Keith A. Brown - 46, Hope, grand theft, $100,000 bond.

Walter M. Ford-Bridges IV - 19, Sandpoint, possession of cocaine, failure to
appear/resisting/obstructing officers, $27,000 bond.

Steven J. McMahan - 49, Spokane, burglary, grand theft (two counts), $25,000
bond.

Shon L. Moody - 44, Sagle, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$40,000.

Misdemeanors

Jason L. Allen - 32, Sandpoint, failure to comply/insufficient funds check
fraud, driving without privileges, $14,000 bond.

Frank Barajas Jr. - 23, Paradise, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $2,000 bond.

Terri A. Davis - 54, Naples, failure to comply/insufficient funds check fraud,
$4,000 bond.

Tanya L. Forgette - 39, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, driving without privileges, three days in jail.

Brian L. Gray - 22, Spirit Lake, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
inattentive/careless driving, $5,000 bond.

Aaron R. Hinrich - 29, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Cole C. Karns - 32, Stevenson, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $1,000 bond.

Ryan A. Marchand - 26, Anaconda, Mont., failure to appear/failure to
comply/driving under the influence, two days in jail, $11,141 bond.

Robert M. Munguia - 40, Sandpoint, failure to appear/failure to comply/driving
under the influence, 12 days in jail, $9,100 bond.

Brenton M. Peterson - 26, Spokane, driving without privileges, failure to
comply/possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use, $9,000 bond.

Leonard A. Ragan - 22, Spokane, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$6,000 bond.

Nathan D. Stefani - 21, Spokane, failure to comply/possession/consumption
/purchase of alcohol by a minor, $3,700 bond.

Scott D. Thompson - 58, Laclede, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
unlawful transportation/open container of alcohol, $5,000 bond.

James J. Waner - 34, Ponderay, failure to appear/battery, disturbing the peace,
driving under the influence, $17,500 bond.

Carol A. Winters - 52, Bayview, failure to comply/battery, resisting/obstructing
officers, $2,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 7, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 581 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Linda Nelson reported Jan. 27 the $200 theft of two stereos and $700 damage to
windows of two vehicles at Smokin'  Motors, 1022 N. Fourth St.

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Ronald Scoggin, Post Falls, reported Monday the $550 theft of a wire-feed welder
from a home on the 1900 block of E. 12th St.

NEWS OF RECORD

SHOSHONE COUNTY

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Peterson Enterprises Inc. v. Justin Williamson.

Option Card LLC v. John Tryon.

Susie Chapman v. Becky Deskin.

Atlantic Credit & Finance Inc. v. Trisha Blalock.

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON

Casey A. Cisney, 26, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($900 suspended), 180 days in jail (160 days suspended), 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Robin J. Petri, 51, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,500 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (130 days suspended) or 80 hours county work
program, 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years probation, 180 days driver's
license suspension.

Christopher R. Stevenson, 23, Hauser Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine (suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended), 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Arnold R. Daniels, 27, Plummer; driving under the influence (second offense);
$2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (315 days suspended), two years
probation.

Timothy P. Yates, 37, Hayden Lake; petty theft; $500 fine ($300 suspended), 90
days in jail (85 days suspended), one year probation.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Darrell A. Mitchell III, 36, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation;
$100 reimbursement for defense, 21 days in jail.

JUDGE EUGENE MARANO

Kristopher M. Kyllo, 26, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 130
days in jail.

Cris P. Elliott, 28, Coeur d'Alene; failure to provide proof of insurance;
$1,000 fine ($700 suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 40 hours
county work program, two years probation.

Andrew R. Hotmer, 34, Athol; harboring a vicious dog/animal causing danger to
safety of others; $1,000 fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days
suspended) or 16 hours county work program, two years probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Richard Bell v. James Thomas, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Frontier Leasing and Sales Inc. v. Troy Osterholm and C.D. Osterholm, seeking
$39,779.

Spokane Merchants Association v. Vern Kukowski, dba Outdoor Creations, seeking
$1,361.

Laura Renz v. Janna Busch, seeking $2,180.

Penny Sundberg v. Dan Davis and D&P Lands, seeking $1,032.

Idaho Stateline Title Loan v. J n E Auto Sales, seeking $2,350.

Stephen Ready v. Lorraine Posey, seeking $3,575.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

North Idaho Title Insurance Inc. v. David Finley Sr., plaintiff awarded $3,659.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Charlynn Buchmann,
plaintiff awarded $2,587.

Chapman Financial Services Inc., aka Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Sherie
Smith, plaintiff awarded $1,167.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Tia Jenkins v. Carrie Farrell.

Donald McMurray v. Lumbermens Inc., and Lanoga Corp.

PETITION FOR CHANGE OF NAME

Kirk Nelson Alan Head, petition for change to Kline Charles Maynard.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Angela Duhamel from Robert Duhamel.

Edward Goodwin Jr. from Katherine Goodwin.

Christina Sims from Seth Sims.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Candice Grimes from Douglas Grimes.

Tammy Cockerel from Edward Cockerel.

James Smith from Wendy Smith.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Grand jury indicts suspected arsonist

BYLINE: ERIC RUSSELL OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B6

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: ELLSWORTH


A New Hampshire man was indicted Wednesday on charges that in March he
intentionally set fire to a Bar Harbor home belonging to his girlfriend's family
and then remained inside while the structure burned.

Dennis Freda, 47, of Center Ossipee, N.H., was among 43 who were indicted this
week by a grand jury in Hancock County. He faces two counts of Class A arson and
one count of Class B burglary.

Freda is suspected of stabbing his girlfriend, a 42-year-old North Conway, N.H.,
woman, with an ice pick in New Hampshire. Police believe the man then drove to
Maine to set fire to a summer home on Salisbury Cove in Bar Harbor that belonged
to the woman's family. Authorities have said that Freda stayed inside the
burning building in an attempt to commit "suicide by fire."

The 188-year-old farmhouse had extensive fire damage but remained largely
intact. Fire officials responded and found Freda unconscious on the second
floor. He was taken to a local hospital and treated for smoke inhalation.

Freda's girlfriend did not suffer serious injuries as a result of the alleged
stabbing, but authorities have said charges are likely in New Hampshire.

In late March, Freda made an initial appearance on the charges. He had been held
at Hancock County Jail, but also spent time at Acadia Hospital in Bangor, where
he received psychiatric treatment.

Also indicted this week in Hancock County were:

Richard J. Watson, 21, of Carmel, burglary, theft.

Jody Miller, 37, of Ellsworth, forgery, misuse of identification.

Jeffrey S. Hobson, 45, of Stonington, operating under the influence, operating
after suspension.

Jamie J. Beal, 18, of Surry, three counts unlawful possession of scheduled
drugs.

Joseph E. Parsons, 30, Ellsworth, habitual offender, operating an unregistered
vehicle.

Suzanne L. Torrey, 37, Penobscot, four counts unlawful possession of scheduled
drugs, stealing drugs, operating under the influence.

Adelard W. Fleetwood, 18, Ellsworth, theft.

Allan P. Greene, 23, of Bar Harbor, theft, violation of bail, acquiring drugs by
deception.

Eben O. Moss, 22, Holden, habitual offender, operating under the influence.

Ryan W. Daugherty, 22, Sedgwick, eluding an officer, failure to stop, driving to
endanger.

Joel G. Wilson, 33, Franklin, operating under the influence.

David J. Smith, 37, Stonington, habitual offender, improper plates.

Michael W. Yurchick, 32, Sedgwick, operating under the influence, operating
after suspension, driving to endanger.

Peter L. Richards, 47, Machias, eluding an officer, habitual offender.

Shaun G. Lemoine, 26, Swans Island, burglary, theft.

Scott R. Alley, 42, Winter Harbor, operating under the influence, unlawful
possession of scheduled drugs.

Michael J. Johnson, 24, Milbridge, aggravated forgery.

Colby J. Allen, 21, Blue Hill, burglary, theft.

Benjamin S. Foster, 23, Bangor, habitual offender, operating under the influence
.

Richard W. Stanley, 51, Southwest Harbor, operating under the influence.

Tracey I. Jones, 37, Blue Hill, habitual offender.

Adrian C. Hanscom, 31, Orland, habitual offender, operating under the influence,
failure to stop for an officer, violation of bail.

William J. Thun, 56, Bass Harbor, failure to appear.

Charles W. Robinson, 41, Milbridge, unlawful trafficking of scheduled drugs,
unlawful possession of scheduled drugs.

Jacqueline J. Low, 38, Bucksport, two counts of unlawful trafficking of
scheduled drugs.

Louis J. Butler, 41, Ellsworth, two counts failure to appear.

Ronald L. Garner, 33, Ellsworth, failure to appear.

Scott J. Flaherty, 45, South Portland, failure to appear.

Harvey F. Gilley, 49, Southwest Harbor, reckless conduct, aggravated criminal
mischief, criminal mischief.

Dennis A. Cross, 45, Bradford, habitual offender, unlawful possession of
scheduled drugs.

Ashan Z. Khan, 26, Bar Harbor, receiving stolen property.

Bryant J. Mannino, 27, Bar Harbor, theft, receiving stolen property, burglary.

Royal A. Montana, 52, Bar Harbor, burglary, theft.

Phillip C. Russell, 35, Verona, theft, burglary, criminal trespass.

Scott I. Oakes II, 26, Deblois, assault, criminal mischief.

Shane R. Jacobs, 19, Bucksport, aggravated assault, reckless conduct.

Timothy E. Rivers, 19, Winter Harbor, burglary, theft.

Raymond R. Allen, 48, Ellsworth, negotiating a worthless instrument.

Sandra N. Lanpher, 31, Trenton, two counts tampering with a victim, unlawful
possession of scheduled drugs, attempted unlawful furnishing of scheduled drugs.

Alfred C. Lanpher, 37, Trenton, two counts tampering with a victim, attempted
unlawful furnishing of scheduled drugs.

Daniel T. Ruggiero, 29, Trenton, forgery, two counts of violation of bail.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 3, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Italo Scanga, 69, an Artist Inspired by Found Objects

BYLINE:  By HOLLAND COTTER

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 381 words


Italo Scanga, a sculptor and painter who fashioned much of his work from found
objects in a style that blended Cubist and folk influences, died on July 27 at
his studio in Pacific Beach, Calif. He was 69.

The cause was a heart attack, said Winifred Cox, a spokeswoman for the
University of California at San Diego, where Mr. Scanga taught.

Mr. Scanga's materials included natural objects like branches and seashells, as
well as kitsch figurines, castoff musical instruments and decorative trinkets
salvaged from flea markets and thrift shops. He combined these ingredients into
free-standing assemblages, which he then painted. Although visually ebullient,
the results sometimes referred to gruesome episodes from Greek mythology or the
lives and deaths of martyred saints.

He worked in many media, including printmaking, ceramics and glass, and
considered his artistic influences to be sweepingly pan-cultural, from African
sculpture to Giorgio de Chirico. He often collaborated with the sculptor Dale
Chihuly, who was a close friend.

Mr. Scanga was born in the Calabria region of Italy, and at 14 immigrated to the
United States with his family after World War II. Living in Detroit, he worked
on the General Motors assembly line and served in the United States Army before
attending Michigan State University, where he received a bachelor's degree in
1960 and a master's degree in sculpture a year later.

He had one-person shows at the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Los Angeles
County Museum of Art, the Museum of Fine Art, Boston, and the Museo Rufino
Tamayo in Mexico City.

His work is in the collection of many museums, including the Metropolitan Museum
of Art and the Museum of Modern Art in New York and the Art Institute of
Chicago.

Mr. Scanga taught art at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, the Rhode
Island School of Design and the Tyler School of Art at Temple University in
Philadelphia before becoming a visiting professor at the University of
California in San Diego in 1976. He joined the faculty there in 1978.

He is survived by his companion, Su-Mei Yu; two daughters, Katherine Scanga of
Riverside, R.I., and Sarah Scanga of Charlottesville, Va.; three sons, Anthony
of Glenside, Pa., Joseph of San Francisco and William of New York; and four
grandchildren.



URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Italo Scanga

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday
                                  Main Edition

NELSON ILL, CANCELS RESCHEDULES SHOWS

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 004

LENGTH: 405 words


Country star Willie Nelson has rescheduled two shows and canceled another due to
an unspecified health issue.

Nelson and Merle Haggard were scheduled to perform Thursday and Friday, but
South Carolina and Virginia dates were rescheduled and a show in Reading,
Pennsylvania, on Saturday was canceled.

A statement on his Facebook page said the 82-year-old Nelson was feeling under
the weather. His publicist said the tour is scheduled to resume  Sunday at the
American Roots Music Festival in Raleigh, North Carolina.

The two country icons are touring together after releasing a duets album earlier
this year called "Django and Jimmie."

QUAIDS RELEASED FROM JAIL IN VERMONT

A Vermont judge has released actor Randy Quaid and his wife Evi from custody and
the couple said they'll now address 5-year-old criminal charges in California.

The Quaids are wanted in Santa Barbara, California, on felony charges filed
after they were found squatting in a guesthouse of a home they previously owned.
Court papers say the Quaids damaged or destroyed furniture, a fireplace and a
mirror.

They fled to Canada and were arrested in Vermont last week while trying to
re-enter the U.S. The judge freed them Thursday, saying there is no probable
cause to hold them on fugitive-from-justice charges in Vermont.

STAMOS CHARGED WITH DUI

John Stamos has been charged with misdemeanor driving under the influence of a
drug after he was arrested for erratic driving in Beverly Hills in June,
prosecutors announced Thursday.

The "Full House" star was charged Wednesday and is due to be arraigned on
Friday. The charging document does not identify the drug Stamos was allegedly
using.

Stamos was arrested on June 12 on suspicion of driving under the influence and
was hospitalized for a possible medical condition. Police said at the time they
determined Stamos was under the influence at the hospital, but have not released
further details about the incident. If convicted, the actor faces six months in
jail.

Beverly Hills police declined to identify the drug Stamos had allegedly taken
before his arrest.

The charges come at a busy time for Stamos, 52, who is working on a reboot of
"Full House" for Netflix and has a Fox sitcom, "Grandfathered," which premiered
on Sept. 29.

THE BIRTHDAY BUNCH

Actress Angela Lansbury is 90.  Actor Barry Corbin is 75. Sportscaster Tim
McCarver is 74. Actress Suzanne Somers is 69. Singer John Mayer is 38.

TYPE: Column: People

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

Designate a devil's advocate in meetings;
Corner Office

BYLINE: BY ADAM BRYANT

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 883 words

ABSTRACT

Kevin E. Lofton of Catholic Health Initiatives recommends choosing a person to
take a contrasting viewpoint to avoid groupthink.

FULL TEXT

Kevin E. Lofton  is chief executive of Catholic Health Initiatives.

Q.     Were you in leadership roles when you were younger?

A lot of what I learned from an early age was around influence. I was involved
in a lot of things. I ran track in high school, and I also played piano and
competitive chess. I think people generally always looked at me as a leader, and
I felt like I was having influence. People wanted to know what I had to say.

I didn't have a lot of formal leadership positions, though I was class vice
president in my sophomore year of high school, during the same year that Supreme
Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor was the class president.

Q.     Tell me about your parents.

A. My father was an electrician. He worked two jobs when we were young. My mom
was a dental assistant during most of my years growing up. She later went back
to school and became a dental hygienist.

My grandmother in Texas was a big influence on us, too. She was a domestic, but
she was a fighter. Needless to say, it was segregated down in Texas at the time,
and the street my grandparents lived on when I was little still had ditches. My
grandmother led the civic effort to get the streets paved.

Another influential person was the dentist my mother worked for. He treated us
like we were his children, and a lot of the exposure that I got to things at an
early age came through his influence. His wife, for instance, was a bass cellist
in the symphony orchestra, and we would go to concerts at Lincoln Center. He
actually paid for me to go to the music school that his children were in. We
played in Carnegie Hall and New York World's Fair.

Q.     What was your first management role?

A. My first hospital job was as an emergency department administrator in
Jacksonville, Fla. At the time, it was the seventh-busiest emergency department
in the country. I was probably 24 and straight out of grad school. I had a staff
of about 250 people.

Q.     That's a big jump. How did you handle it?

A. I realized that a big part of my job was to help people see the ultimate
value of the job they do. It was also about looking at what needed to be done
and not accepting any excuses. This was a county hospital, the kind of place
where sometimes people accept mediocrity. I moved up rapidly because I didn't
accept that, and I got things done.

At the end of the day, people really want to do the right thing. I saw my job as
removing barriers and then celebrating successes. I also brought people into the
process. When you bring staff into a meeting and you talk to them about the
things we can do to improve, and then you actually act on their ideas and they
see that their input made a difference, people will follow you.

You also have to be able to relate to people, and not look down on them or talk
down to them. I may have a title, but that's not the reason that we need to do
this. We're here to do A, B and C. Here's the way you can help with that. What
suggestions do you have to make it better? Those are the secrets to success.

Q.     Were you ever nervous about all that responsibility at such a young age?

A. An early mentor of mine said something to me when I was going to a new job:
''Don't worry. It's just another dog and pony show.'' That really stayed with
me. When you're taking on another new challenge, you just take a couple of deep
breaths and say, ''You can do this. It's just another dog and pony show.''

Q.     What's unusual about the culture of your current company?

A. In our senior management meetings, we appoint a designated devil's advocate,
as we call it. So if we're discussing a critical issue, we'll appoint someone -
and the role rotates - to be the devil's advocate, no matter what their personal
point of view is. That helps you avoid groupthink.

Q.     How do you hire?

A. I start with the ''why'' - why are you here, why would this role fit into
your career path, and why are you interested in coming to our organization? I
then focus on the ''what'' - what are the things that you've done that relate to
what you might do here, and what are your ideas for how you can help us?

And then I move to the ''how,'' and that's where character comes in. How do you
do business? Somebody might be a cardiovascular surgeon who is going to put a
lot of money on our bottom line, but if they yell at nurses in the operating
room, then we don't want them.

Q.     What kind of advice do you give to new college grads?

A. I give a lot of talks to students, and I usually close the sessions with this
advice: They should take a blank sheet of paper and an envelope, write down a
goal of something that they want to do over the coming year, then seal it.
Nobody's ever going to see this except you, I tell them - it's not for your
teachers; it's not for your parents; it's just for yourself.

Then a year later, you take it out and grade yourself on whether you worked
toward that goal, and then you set a new goal for the next year. It's really
just to get them in the habit of looking at the things they need to work on,
setting a personal goal and then seeing how they've done against that goal. I
still do this myself every year.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 548 words


NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Penny Friedlander

Timothy M. Davis, 23, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (145 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Clark Peterson

Tyson L. Hill, 19, Athol; driving under the influence (excessive); $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (172 days suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Darin J. Anderson, 22, Post Falls; driving under the influence (second offense);
$800 fine, one year in jail (333 days suspended, 32 days credited), one year
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Nathen A. Toombs, 23, Cheney; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

William V. Gadberry, 55, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, one
year probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Charles E. Bostwick Jr., 39, Post Falls; providing false information to law
enforcement; $500 fine ($250 suspended), 90 days in jail (80 days suspended) or
40 hours county work program, one year probation.

Civil complaints

Midland Funding LLC v. Steven Armstrong, seeking $4,823.

Terry Johnson v. Cheryl Riggers and John Riggers, seeking $3,816.

Liberty Dialysis-Hayden LLC v. James Rogers and the Estate of Masako Rogers,
seeking $181,164.

Midland Funding LLC v. Emily Benda, seeking $1,169.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Hector and Sharon Zamora, seeking $1,278.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. John Imhoff, seeking
$1,185.

Cascade Irrigation and Landscaping v. Kootenai Auto and Truck Repair, seeking
$3,500.

Crystal Lavine v. Cody Culpepper, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Chicago Title Insurance Co. v. Michelle Leachman, seeking an amount to be proved
at trial.

Slakey Brothers Inc. v. Adam Turner, fdba Adam Turner Mechanical, seeking
$11,004.

Midland Funding LLC v. Kim Knerl, seeking $1,286.

Midland Funding LLC v. Terry Kosiancic, seeking $7,565.

Midland Funding LLC v. Cody Lenz, seeking $1,295.

Midland Funding LLC v. Cody Likkel, seeking $1,010.

Capital One Bank v. Ken Hollingsworth, seeking $15,948.

Midland Funding LLC v. Dereck Kirk, seeking $3,455.

Midland Funding LLC v. Frank Joslin, seeking $1,028.

Budget Truck Rental LLC v. American Moving Co. Inc. and Mike Lasher, seeking
$23,667.

Midland Funding LLC v. Leann Clanton, seeking $2,089.

Midland Funding LLC v. Cathy Johnson, seeking $7,462.

Civil judgments

Discover Bank v. Donna Valance, plaintiff awarded $6,303.

Divorces sought

Christopher M. Stafford from Katie D. Stafford.

Hilary L. Schoonover from Cody Marquardt Schoonover.

Toni R. Adams from Ellis W. Adams.

Eric J. Russo from Terry L. Russo.

Bruce R. Cralley from Catherine L. Cralley.

Divorces granted

Tiffany Smerker from Michael D. Smerker.

Teresa R. Smith from Jeff E. Smith.

Karen L. Brower from Larry H. Brower.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 895 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Marjorie Williams, Rathdrum, reported Tuesday the $700 theft of cash from her
home on the 21000 block of North Camper Road.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Barry Watson

Ashley J. Mossey, 24, Spokane; Count I: driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail or 40 hours county work program, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation. Count II: driving under the
influence; $1,000 fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (146 days suspended)
or 16 hours county work program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Christopher R. Bronson, 23, Coeur d'Alene; providing false information to an
officer regarding offense/identity; $300 fine, 27 days in jail (credited).

Jaron A. Tanner, 18, Rathdrum; violation of a no contact order; $1,000 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (140 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled
jail time, two years probation.

Loren M. Buchert, 29, Spirit Lake; failure to carry a driver's license; 13 days
in jail (credited).

Daniel J. Wayt, 22, Post Falls; reckless driving; $250 fine, 20 days in jail
(suspended), one year probation.

Kenneth R. Johnson, 53, Spirit Lake; driving under the influence (excessive);
$1,000 fine ($500 suspended), $100 restitution to victims, one year in jail (315
days suspended, 30 days credited), 20 days unscheduled jail time, one year
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Robert Burton

Dillon J. Moon, 19, Spokane; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 90 days in
jail (88 days suspended) or eight hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

James A. Hinrich, 46, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180
days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, six days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Brian E. Sczenski, 27, Worley; driving without privileges; 50 days in jail
(credited).

Mark A. Carrico, 51, Hayden Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 90
days in jail (86 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 12 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Chad L. Peters, 23, Blanchard; driving without privileges; $300 fine, five days
in jail or 40 hours county work program, 15 days unscheduled jail time.

Christina M. Smith, 23, Post Falls; Count I: driving without privileges; 50 days
in jail (credited), 180 days driver's license suspension. Count II: misdemeanor
probation violation; 50 days in jail (credited).

Judge James Stow

Brian M. Atwood, 23, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 29 days in
jail, $750 fine.

Curtis D. Watson, 20, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 10 days in
jail or proof of completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

Judge John Luster

Michael A. Varni, 29, Coeur d'Alene; obstructing an officer; $187 fine, 180 days
in jail (90 days suspended, 15 days credited), two years probation.

Civil complaints

Barclays Bank Delaware v. Jerry Larson, seeking $2,801.

Portfolio Recovery associates v. Sara Hutchings, seeking $6,238.

Discover Bank v. Jenna Gove, seeking $3,769.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Kathleen Hubbard, seeking $6,563.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Gary Votava, seeking $16,743.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Kenneth and Denise Edmonds, seeking $25,633.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Vernon Dean, seeking $1,060.

Civil judgments

Citibank South Dakota v. Teresa Snyder, plaintiff awarded $7,562.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Shelby Costa and
Tyson Costa, plaintiff awarded $4,344.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Richard Rossi,
plaintiff awarded 41,477.

American Express Bank FSB v. Cynthia Finster-Miller, aka Cynthia Finster,
plaintiff awarded $6,515.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Walter Brecheen III and Tammy Brecheen,
plaintiff awarded $2,523.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Kindra Harrington,
plaintiff awarded $1,135.

Civil dismissals

Peterson Enterprises Inc. v. Marlin Gould, aka Marlee Gould and Jessie Gould.

Divorces sought

Jessica L. Moore from William M. Moore.

Robert A. Leisenring from Linda M. Daggy.

Divorces granted

Marika Ford from Jamie Ford.

Amanda L. Morris from Alex X. Scaraggi.

Rayna L. Bracamonte from David B. Bracamonte.

Henry J. Johnson from Brenda Johnson.

BANKRUPTCIES

Filings from July 18-19.

Chapter 7 (liquidation petitions)

Terri A. and Gregory A. Siegel, aka Terri Tipton, aka Terri Noel, Coeur d'Alene,
debts of $212,858.

Danielle M. Dixon, Hayden, debts of $9,412.

Wendy L. Gallegos, Coeur d'Alene, debts unspecified.

Eva M. Nelson, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $212,124.

Thomas A. and Sarah S. Morisette, aka Sarah Spencer, Post Falls, debts
unspecified.

Samuel T. and Melanie A. Dribben, Hayden, debts of $476,008.

Mark L. Dumas, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $19,978.

Chelsea M. Stillman, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $38,306.

Peggy Goldey Coleman, Hayden, debts of $438,355.

Michelle Gallego, Rathdrum, debts unspecified.

Michael A. and Paula K. Jenne, Oldtown, debts of $291,631.

Robert Grise and Carol M. Grise, Sandpoint, debts of $309,190.

Nathan K. and Brittney M. Goullette, Sandpoint, debts of $190,717.

Daniel R. and Ashley M. Cox, aka Ashley M. Bowers, Coeur d'Alene, debts of
$50,788.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday

New Monsoon's influences help create storm of music

BYLINE: Tamara McClaran

SECTION: Pg. L-4

LENGTH: 524 words


New Monsoon is a world-rock band that defies musical genres. The band fuses a
storm of musical influences and styles that span the globe -- including Latin,
Brazilian, Indian, African, funk and bluegrass -- creating a cross between a
rock band and world-music ensemble.

"We hit on a lot of different genres," said Bo Carper, who plays banjo and
acoustic guitar. "It's all very natural to us. Our music has hundreds of
different influences. We're not consciously trying to put on a showcase for
academic reasons."

The energetic seven-piece band from San Francisco returns to Freebird Live in
Jacksonville Beach tonight.

New Monsoon was conceived in 1998 when Penn State University friends Carper and
Jeff Miller, who sings and plays electric guitar and mandolin, reconnected in
California. Later, they added a percussion section with drummer Marty Ylitalo,
tabla virtuoso Rajiv Parikh and conga player Brian Carey. Carey graduated from
Florida State University and performed in Florida before moving to California in
2000.

In 2001, they convinced Penn State friend Phil Ferlino, a keyboardist and
singer, to join them in California. In 2004, Ben Bernstein joined the band on
bass guitar.

About the same time, all of the members left their day jobs and began touring
full time across the country and in Canada, Mexico and the Bahamas. They have
played many festivals, including two years at the Magnolia Festival in Live Oak.

The music's heavy Latin and Indian vibe gets people dancing, and New Monsoon can
effectively jam and improvise.

"We bring all of our own influences together," Carper said. "We are not trying
to be pretentious."

The ability to create a balance and move between styles sets New Monsoon apart.
The band's Latin percussion creates more of a classic rock sound and
demonstrates the band's strong Carlos Santana influence. Carper says his banjo
is a natural fit for the tabla's Eastern tones and world-music melodies.

"There is a lot of color and texture to pick from," Carper said. "It's a big
engine with all of that percussion."

After taking three weeks off in December, New Monsoon is back on the road in
Florida promoting its latest studio release, The Sound. The album, produced by
Paul Kimble and Santana drummer Michael Shrieve, has received many positive
reviews. The Sound includes harder-edged cuts, like the title track, to more
ethereal cuts, like Hold On For Now.

Carper says the band has found "a real chemistry" with Florida audiences. The
year ahead is filled with shows and festivals across the country. In addition,
New Monsoon is planning to host a two-day camping event in California and
release a live album before the year is out. Through it all, Carper says, the
band will remain focused on its approach to music.

"We are continuing to develop the vocal side of band," Carper said. "It has been
constantly evolving over the past two years. People that follow us will see a
big growth in a good direction."

IF YOU GO . . .

New Monsoon plays tonight at Freebird Live, 200 First St. N., Jacksonville
Beach. Doors open at 8 p.m. Tickets are $10. For information, call 246-2473 or
visit the Web site, www.freebird live.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Special New Monsoon will be performing at Freebird Live tonight. The band
members are (from left) Robert Carper, Phil Ferlino, Brian Carey, Jeff Miller,
Ben Bernstein, Marty Ylitalo and Rajiv Parikh.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)

                             May 15, 2003 Thursday

COURTS

BYLINE: Janice Wene, Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 706 words


The following people were sentenced on April 30 in Franklin County Court,
Chambersburg:

Eric J. Bachman, 302 W. Queen St., driving under the influence: 30 days to 23
months in county prison, $1,435 in fines, no alcohol or controlled substances,
DUI school, license surrendered, multiple offender program, work release.

Ervin Eugene Brake, 6173 Nugget Way, St. Thomas, driving under the influence: 45
to 90 days in county prison, $1,535 in fines, DUI school, multiple offender
program, interlock device on vehicle, no alcohol or controlled substances, work
release.

Barry Jay Brown, 2421 Iron Springs Road, Fairfield, unlawful delivery,
manufacture or possession with intent probation violation: three to 23 months in
county prison, as of March 31, two days' credit, no consumption, work release.

Dennis Brown, 4500 Rocky Spring Road, Lot 7, driving under the influence: four
to 23 months in county prison, $1,566 in fines, interlock device on vehicle, no
consumption, DUI school, multiple offender program, work release.

Mark Allen Brown, 33 Geiser Ave., Waynesboro, driving under the influence: 30
days to 23 months in county prison, $1,316 in fines, multiple offender program,
DUI school, no consumption, interlock device on vehicle, work release.

Tery Lee Butler, 3084 Oak Hill Road, Waynesboro, terroristic threats: two years
of probation, $150 fine, no contact with victim, anger management treatment,
complete programs deemed necessary.

Jon Stevens Cox, 1315 W. Church St., Hagerstown, Md., driving under the
influence: four to 23 months in county prison, as of April 21, $1,217 in fines,
multiple offender program, DUI school, interlock device on vehicle, no
consumption, work release.

Timothy C. Daniels, 44025 Laceyville Terrace, Ashburn, Va., driving under the
influence: four days to 23 months in county prison, $735 in fines, no
consumption of drugs or alcohol.

Donald Lee Edwards, 14702 St. Paul Road, Clear Spring, theft (movable property):
six to 30 months in state prison, to be served with a Maryland sentence, $250
fine.

Jason E. Garling, 7756 Mentzer Gap Road, Waynesboro, terroristic threats: three
years of intermediate punishment, one day's credit, $200 fine, no contact with
victims.

On a charge of simple assault: two years of probation, to be served with the
previous sentence, $150 fine, anger management program, no contact with victims.

Albert W. Guastafeste, 7669 Cumberland Circle, St. Thomas, theft: two years of
probation, one day's credit, $150 fine, restitution of $40.

Corey L. Haldeman, 3624 Path Valley Road, Fort Loudon, driving under the
influence: three to 23 months in county prison, 28 days' credit, three years of
probation, $1,416 in fines, multiple offender program, no consumption, interlock
device on vehicle, work release.

Lisa Keefer, 1008 Edenville Road, bad checks: three years of intermediate
punishment, $200 fine, restitution of $30, complete 50 hours of community
service.

Steven Lee Koontz, 8808 Willowdale Road, Greencastle, driving under the
influence: 30 days to 18 months in county prison, $1,317 in fines, DUI school,
multiple offender program, interlock device on vehicle, no consumption, work
release.

Tamara Sue Lidie, Franklin County Prison, possession with intent to deliver
probation violation: three to 23 months in county prison, as of March 14, pay
balance of money, work release.

Barbara A. McNew, 212 Birch St., false reports: two years of intermediate
punishment, $150 fine.

Aaron Boyd Myers, 565 Rife St., driving under the influence: 30 days to 111*2
months in county prison, $1,185 in fines, DUI school, multiple offender program,
interlock device on vehicle, no alcohol or controlled substances, license
surrendered, work release.

On another charge of DUI: 45 days to a year in county prison, to be served with
the previous sentence, $775 in fines, DUI school, license surrendered, no
alcohol or controlled substances, interlock device on vehicle.

Dustin E. Pheil, address not listed, driving under the influence: 30 days to 23
months in county prison, $1,385 in fines, interlock device on vehicle, no
consumption of drugs or alcohol, work release.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            October 29, 2000 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Focus on education gives voters broader influence;
States' school issues are attracting big bucks from those seeking to affect the
ballot measures' outcome

BYLINE: By ANJETTA McQUEEN Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1028 words


Should children in Michigan's worst public schools get vouchers for private
tuition? Should all California students get that option?

How about basing Oregon teachers' pay on what their pupils learn? Or banning
bilingual education in Arizona?

Many of the unprecedented two-dozen education questions on state ballots Nov. 7
aim to have voters set a wide range of education policies, a job usually left to
state legislatures or school boards.

Though the presidential election is highlighting education, much of the
influence over the nation's schooling seems to lie with the ordinary citizen
this time around.

Besides drawing sound bites away from Vice President Al Gore and Texas Gov.
George W. Bush, the focus on schools is attracting big bucks from those seeking
to influence the ballot measures' outcome.

"What ends up on the ballot is a reflection of intensity and resources," said
Maris Vinovskis, an education researcher and historian at the University of
Michigan.

California's Proposition 38 to provide any child with a $4,000 voucher for
private school tuition has produced huge war chests. Voucher sponsor Tim Draper,
a Silicon Valley millionaire, contributed $18 million to the cause. The main
opposition, the California Teachers Association, has put in $17.9 million.

Michigan's Proposal 00-1, a measure less sweeping than California's, would give
a voucher worth about $3,300 to children living in districts where fewer than
two-thirds graduate.

That fight has raised $3.7 million from backers, while opponents, mainly
teachers unions, have contributed some $600,000, according to latest filings.
Amway Corp. Chief Dick DeVos, who put up the measure, has contributed $2 million
and $740,000 has come from the Roman Catholic Church.

Proposition 203, which would end bilingual education in Arizona, was helped onto
the ballot by Ron Unz, a wealthy physicist in Palo Alto, Calif. Unz sponsored a
successful 1998 California measure that ended the mandatory practice of teaching
non-English speakers only in their own language.

Unz said he was moved to act by immigrants frustrated their children were being
put in non-English classes and said families need outside help.

That influence is felt on other issues. In Washington state, Microsoft
co-founder Paul Allen has spent $3.2 million backing a proposal by educators and
parents to allow charter schools. Little money has been spent by the opposition.

Washington's teachers unions fought a 1996 charter proposal, but polls this year
show the 2000 plan could pass.

The unions are instead pouring resources to promote an initiative that
guarantees annual raises for public school and community college staff.

Education proposals can raise strong partisan feelings, as well as money.

The two vouchers measures are bitterly opposed by Gore and by teachers unions.
The latest polls indicate both measures may fail.

Teachers unions are also battling Oregon's Measure 95, which would tie teachers'
pay to how much their students learn and limit seniority pay.

Another Oregon proposal, Measure 9, has drawn ire and dollars from gay groups
and their allies. The proposal would ban school lessons "encouraging, promoting
or sanctioning" homosexuality, from kindergarten to the community college
classroom.

The ballot questions also highlight decades of struggle by fiscal conservatives,
who seek defeat of this year's proposals to put more money into schools by
raising taxes.

Arizona Proposition 301 would raise the state sales tax from 5 percent to 5.6
percent to pay for schools, including performance pay raises for teachers.
Louisiana's Amendment 2 would boost school funding by raising income taxes and
ending the state deduction for federal taxes - but only if voters also approve
Amendment 3, abolishing the 4 percent tax on food and utilities.

Pass or fail, education proposals can have an impact beyond the schoolhouse.

For instance, some Michigan Republicans worry the voucher measure, in mobilizing
teachers against it, will rebound on their candidates, including Bush, in that
critical swing state.

"There is a national force that is consistently pushing these initiatives for a
variety of reasons," said Mary Elizabeth Teasley of the National Education
Association in Washington, D.C. The teachers union increased member dues this
year to raise $5 million to fight vouchers and other measures.

Education propositions

ALABAMA: Cut Auburn University board terms from 12 years to seven, and have
panel, not governor, name members.

ARIZONA: End bilingual education; Raise 5 percent sales tax to 5.6 percent for
school funds, including teacher performance pay raises.

ARKANSAS: Allow state lottery, charity bingo, casinos to provide education
funds, including state college tuition for high school graduates.

CALIFORNIA: $4,000 voucher for any child to attend private school; Allow 55
percent voter approval instead of current 67 percent for school construction
bonds.

COLORADO: Shift $250 million in state money to math, science; Raise school
funding above inflation.

HAWAII: More autonomy for University of Hawaii system.

IDAHO: Put money from sale of school property into education fund.

LOUISIANA: Boost school funding by eliminating state deduction for federal
taxes, raising income tax, only if voters also pass another measure abolishing 4
percent tax on food, utilities.

MICHIGAN: Private school vouchers for students in districts where fewer than
two-thirds graduate.

NORTH CAROLINA: $3.1 billion in higher education bonds.

OKLAHOMA: Tap more money in education trust fund; Allow three-year university
president contracts, now one year; Free school districts from yearly vote on
school tax.

OREGON: Require adequate state school funding, grants for property-poor
districts; Ban public school instruction "encouraging, promoting, sanctioning"
homosexuality; Tie pay for public school and college teachers to student
achievement.

RHODE ISLAND: $37 million higher education bonds.

SOUTH CAROLINA: Allow state lottery for general education fund.

WASHINGTON: Use state lottery funds and state surplus to cut class size, train
teachers and build schools; Allow charter schools; Guarantee annual raises for
public school, community college staff.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 The Durham Herald Co.


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       June 16, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

"GLOBAL FUSION" TREND GIVES HOME DECOR A WELL-TRAVELED LOOK;
AFRICAN ALLURE

BYLINE: Charlyne Varkonyi Schaub

SECTION: HOME & GARDEN; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 987 words


When many of us first discovered African art in the 1990s, our tastes were
simple. We hung a pair of tribal masks on the wall or tossed a few kente cloth
pillows on the sofa.

Since then, we have gotten more sophisticated in our tastes and our collecting.
These days African art also translates into the more exotic Ethiopian Coptic
scepters, handmade Zulu baskets and Yoruba beaded throne chairs.

Not only are we collecting a broader range of items, we have also learned to mix
African art with other ethnic influences. Style setters are calling this trend
"global fusion," an adventurous mix of styles from around the world.

African was one of the first ethnic influences the market focused on, according
to trend tracker Michele Lamb, publisher of The Trend Curve newsletter. Like
Southwestern style, African accents opened the door to ethnic influences and
spirituality. As we travel more, our decorating has expanded to include other
cultures, such as Asia and India.

"At first, all the accents were African," Lamb says. "We are not so structured
anymore. Now African is definitely part of a mix. This change in decorating
indicates that we are well-traveled. We have been to all these places or at
least we have an interest in them and their culture."

This interest in "global fusion" has its roots in the mid-1980s, when we started
to experiment more with our decorating.

"Back then, eclectic referred to one unexpected piece," Lamb says. "Now we are
more likely to mix whatever appeals to us. It's not necessarily No Rules.' It's
more like, You Rule.' People now expect things not to match. They expect the
unexpected and this ethnic twist is part of it."

African art is everywhere, from discount stores to the design centers and
galleries where decorators shop.

Few people have more to say about African art than Rod Spencer, an appraiser,
historian and importer who is president of Cultural Expressions, an African art
gallery and warehouse in Clawson, Mich. Spencer, 50, has been collecting African
art since he bought a pair of Masai statues at the World Trade Center in New
York City when he was 17. These days he makes two trips a year to west and
central Africa.

"Africa is a very diverse place, and so is African art," he says. "It is a
continent of over 44 countries and each country has over 40 different ethnic
groups and up to 80 languages."

The kind of African art most people are familiar with is what he calls "airport
art," inexpensive items bought by tourists in Africa or sold at places like Pier
1 Imports, Target and Marshall's. But depending on the age, even these items can
be considered collectible. "Even airport art that is 50 years old or older is
valuable," Spencer says.

These days, however, many collectors prize the things that people use every day.
Typically, this category includes items such as pounders (pestles used for
preparing food in a mortar), tools, pulleys and looms. "Used" can mean the
object is anywhere from a few months old to several years old.

Spencer says he has commissioned some items, such as plank beds that are carved
out of a single piece of wood, and has them sent back to the village to be used
in ceremonial rites of passage such as circumcision. Decorators might use these
beds against a wall or in the middle of a room. Their hard, primitive style can
be softened with seat cushions and throw pillows.

"They come back with cracks in them and other signs of use," Spencer says. "This
is what makes them more valuable."

Other pieces of furniture are more exotic, such as a colorful Yoruba beaded
chair for a noble person that includes drawings of humans and animals. The
chair, a salute to ancestors from Efon-Alayi, Nigeria, is the work of four to
five artists and took 18 months to make. It sells for $9,850.

Indaba in Hollywood sells African art at a price between the area design center
and the discount retailers. Jill Kantor, who originally opened her gallery in
Miami in 1994, says that at first customers wanted one or two items that could
add to their decor. Now, they are interested in all ethnic arts, not just masks
and statues.

"Batiks and other textiles make great wall hangings," she says. "Baskets have
become extremely popular. People seem to be combining all kinds of ethnic art.
All the ethnic arts go together so well. They are similar in design, structure
and materials."

Kantor's store has reflected the change in decorating. It is now 60 percent
African, with other items from mostly the Philippines and Indonesia.

"I think people are moving away from things produced by machine in large
quantities to unique items," she says. "In the beginning, people were buying a
lot of airport art. They came in and said they saw the same things elsewhere at
a fraction of the cost. They didn't know the differences in quality. Now people
have become much more aware and they have learned African art is not all alike."

Some of her best sellers are batik cloths from Zimbabwe, large pieces that can
be hung in stairways and in rooms with high ceilings. An 84-by-40-inch batik
over a stretcher goes for $380; the cloth alone is $245.

Customers continue to be enchanted with traditional Zulu baskets. The baskets,
which are made by hand, vary depending on their future use and the materials
available. They are colored from boiling roots, leaves, berries and bark of
indigenous flora. It can take up to a month to produce one medium-sized basket.
Prices range from $8 to $350.

Kantor's best advice? "Buy what you like and not what you think will be a good
investment."

When dealing with more expensive items, Spencer warns collectors to be wary.

"There are masterpieces that aren't really masterpieces," she says. "Be careful
of the trickery. People bury things in the ground to make them look old. They
paint bronzes with green paint They will do anything to make them look old."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Photo 1. Animal-print chairs and sculptures in a store display show some of
African art's more exotic influences in decorating. (Knight Ridder Newspapers)
Photos 2-4. Eclectic collectibles: Above, a beaded chair from Nigeria
coordinates with a painting called "Cabeza" by a Miami artist; left, a Kuba mask
from Zaire rests on a small king stool from Gambia; in background, an antique
bronze queen mother head from Benin. (Knight Ridder Newspapers)
Photo 5. This antique Ekoi head with fanciful hair curls is from southeast
Nigeria. (South Florida Sun-Sentinel)

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       June 16, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

"GLOBAL FUSION" TREND GIVES HOME DECOR A WELL-TRAVELED LOOK;
AFRICAN ALLURE

BYLINE: Charlyne Varkonyi Schaub

SECTION: HOME & GARDEN; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 987 words


When many of us first discovered African art in the 1990s, our tastes were
simple. We hung a pair of tribal masks on the wall or tossed a few kente cloth
pillows on the sofa.

Since then, we have gotten more sophisticated in our tastes and our collecting.
These days African art also translates into the more exotic Ethiopian Coptic
scepters, handmade Zulu baskets and Yoruba beaded throne chairs.

Not only are we collecting a broader range of items, we have also learned to mix
African art with other ethnic influences. Style setters are calling this trend
"global fusion," an adventurous mix of styles from around the world.

African was one of the first ethnic influences the market focused on, according
to trend tracker Michele Lamb, publisher of The Trend Curve newsletter. Like
Southwestern style, African accents opened the door to ethnic influences and
spirituality. As we travel more, our decorating has expanded to include other
cultures, such as Asia and India.

"At first, all the accents were African," Lamb says. "We are not so structured
anymore. Now African is definitely part of a mix. This change in decorating
indicates that we are well-traveled. We have been to all these places or at
least we have an interest in them and their culture."

This interest in "global fusion" has its roots in the mid-1980s, when we started
to experiment more with our decorating.

"Back then, eclectic referred to one unexpected piece," Lamb says. "Now we are
more likely to mix whatever appeals to us. It's not necessarily No Rules.' It's
more like, You Rule.' People now expect things not to match. They expect the
unexpected and this ethnic twist is part of it."

African art is everywhere, from discount stores to the design centers and
galleries where decorators shop.

Few people have more to say about African art than Rod Spencer, an appraiser,
historian and importer who is president of Cultural Expressions, an African art
gallery and warehouse in Clawson, Mich. Spencer, 50, has been collecting African
art since he bought a pair of Masai statues at the World Trade Center in New
York City when he was 17. These days he makes two trips a year to west and
central Africa.

"Africa is a very diverse place, and so is African art," he says. "It is a
continent of over 44 countries and each country has over 40 different ethnic
groups and up to 80 languages."

The kind of African art most people are familiar with is what he calls "airport
art," inexpensive items bought by tourists in Africa or sold at places like Pier
1 Imports, Target and Marshall's. But depending on the age, even these items can
be considered collectible. "Even airport art that is 50 years old or older is
valuable," Spencer says.

These days, however, many collectors prize the things that people use every day.
Typically, this category includes items such as pounders (pestles used for
preparing food in a mortar), tools, pulleys and looms. "Used" can mean the
object is anywhere from a few months old to several years old.

Spencer says he has commissioned some items, such as plank beds that are carved
out of a single piece of wood, and has them sent back to the village to be used
in ceremonial rites of passage such as circumcision. Decorators might use these
beds against a wall or in the middle of a room. Their hard, primitive style can
be softened with seat cushions and throw pillows.

"They come back with cracks in them and other signs of use," Spencer says. "This
is what makes them more valuable."

Other pieces of furniture are more exotic, such as a colorful Yoruba beaded
chair for a noble person that includes drawings of humans and animals. The
chair, a salute to ancestors from Efon-Alayi, Nigeria, is the work of four to
five artists and took 18 months to make. It sells for $9,850.

Indaba in Hollywood sells African art at a price between the area design center
and the discount retailers. Jill Kantor, who originally opened her gallery in
Miami in 1994, says that at first customers wanted one or two items that could
add to their decor. Now, they are interested in all ethnic arts, not just masks
and statues.

"Batiks and other textiles make great wall hangings," she says. "Baskets have
become extremely popular. People seem to be combining all kinds of ethnic art.
All the ethnic arts go together so well. They are similar in design, structure
and materials."

Kantor's store has reflected the change in decorating. It is now 60 percent
African, with other items from mostly the Philippines and Indonesia.

"I think people are moving away from things produced by machine in large
quantities to unique items," she says. "In the beginning, people were buying a
lot of airport art. They came in and said they saw the same things elsewhere at
a fraction of the cost. They didn't know the differences in quality. Now people
have become much more aware and they have learned African art is not all alike."

Some of her best sellers are batik cloths from Zimbabwe, large pieces that can
be hung in stairways and in rooms with high ceilings. An 84-by-40-inch batik
over a stretcher goes for $380; the cloth alone is $245.

Customers continue to be enchanted with traditional Zulu baskets. The baskets,
which are made by hand, vary depending on their future use and the materials
available. They are colored from boiling roots, leaves, berries and bark of
indigenous flora. It can take up to a month to produce one medium-sized basket.
Prices range from $8 to $350.

Kantor's best advice? "Buy what you like and not what you think will be a good
investment."

When dealing with more expensive items, Spencer warns collectors to be wary.

"There are masterpieces that aren't really masterpieces," she says. "Be careful
of the trickery. People bury things in the ground to make them look old. They
paint bronzes with green paint They will do anything to make them look old."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Photo 1. Animal-print chairs and sculptures in a store display show some of
African art's more exotic influences in decorating. (Knight Ridder Newspapers)
Photos 2-4. Eclectic collectibles: Above, a beaded chair from Nigeria
coordinates with a painting called "Cabeza" by a Miami artist; left, a Kuba mask
from Zaire rests on a small king stool from Gambia; in background, an antique
bronze queen mother head from Benin. (Knight Ridder Newspapers)
Photo 5. This antique Ekoi head with fanciful hair curls is from southeast
Nigeria. (South Florida Sun-Sentinel)

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            August 5, 1975, Tuesday

BYLINE: BY ERNEST HOLSENDOLPH

SECTION: Page 1, Column 2

LENGTH: 373 words

Civil Ervice Comm rept released by Cong com says officials of Small Business Adm
(SBA) were illegally hired on basis of pol influence employed by Congressmen and
Nixon Adm.  Says SBA dist dirs in Honolulu, Phoenix, Concord, NH, and Helena,
Mont, as well as other civil service jobs, were selected on basis of influence
rather than merit.  Rept names ex-Repr Louis C Wyman.  Investigation of SBA took
place in '73 and covered only the period under Pres Nixon and SBA Admr Thomas S
Kleppe.  Kleppe, in lr to comm responding to rept, complains investigators did
not speak with him.  Comm specifically names alleged influence peddlers at White
House or formerly in Cong but refers to current legislators only as 'a
Congressman' or 'a Sen'.  HR Subcom on Manpower and Civil Service staff dir Roy
C Mesker says this was done for 'protocol' reasons.  Comm sends lr of reprimand
to SBA personnel dir Carl Grant for his role in apptmts.  Says it is working to
dismiss Loren Rivard, a special asst to Kleppe.  No charges are brought against
Kleppe.  Comm finds in NH case that ex-Sen N Cotton caused Concord local dir,
Josaphat Benoit, to be removed in early '73 so that Bert F Teague, exec dir of
NH Repub party, could be named to post.  Rept cites lr in which Cotton informs
Benoit that he and 2 Congressmen, identified as Wyman and ex-Repr James
Cleveland, had agreed that Teague is 'person for position'.  Rept says in case
of Phoenix that Stanley D Goldberg got dir's job in early '69 through
intervention of 1 of Ariz Sens, who then and now, were B Goldwater and P Fannin.
Goldberg, in affidavit, says he 1st checked with Repub State Chmn Harry
Rosensweig.  When Goldberg's predecessor Harold T Schmurrer refused to step
aside, he was shifted to San Francisco by SBA's main office.  David K Nakagawa,
dist counsel for Honolulu office, switched jobs in '68 with incumbent dir George
Shiroma.  Shiroma was informed of shift in July 8 '71 memo from Donald McLarmon.
Sens were H Fong and D K Inouye.  Rept says that in case of Mont, Ottley R
Tschache, who retired as Mont State Repub Chmn, was named as leading candidate
for post in Helena in memo from Loren Rivard with endorsement of unnamed
Congressman and his successor as state chmn (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 217-7

              Copyright 1975 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Photo exhibit explores 'West Coast Influence'

BYLINE: By S. Derrickson Moore / dmoore@lcsun-news.com

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 318 words


MESILLA   "West Coast Influence," showcasing the works of nationally known
photographer Paul Schranz. will be featured in a special exhibition opening with
an artist's reception from 6 to 8 p.m. today at the Adobe Patio Gallery, 1765
Avenida de Mercado in Mesilla.

"The West Coast school of photography was a strong influence on my work for a
number of years. Time spent in California, primarily the Carmel and Monterey
coastline, with Ansel Adams, Brett Weston, Al Weber, Wynn Bullock and Morley
Baer as my mentors, left an indelible mark on my photographic vision," Schranz
said in an artist's statement.

The 24 photographs in the show include "formations of water, rocks and trees,
striking points of natural beauty across the country, from California and the
Midwest to the Eastern Seaboard," he said.

During a decade in Las Cruces, Schranz, a professor emeritus of art from
Governors State University in Illinois, has directed the Preston Contemporary
Art Center, the Mesilla Digital Imaging Workshops and Doca Ana Workshops, and
edited Photo Technique Magazine. He has also taught at Doña Ana Community
College and the University of California, Santa Cruz.

The show, part of the Adobe Patio Gallery's 2013 Pro-Artists Series, will
continue throughout April. Following Schranz, other artists in the series will
be Sam Peters in May, Shelley Black in October, Louis Ocepek in November and
Georjeanna Feltha in December. Gallery hours are 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday
through Saturday. For information, call 575-532-9310 or visit online at
www.adobepatiogallery.com.

S. Derrickson Moore may be reached at 575-541-5450. Follow her on Twitter
@DerricksonMoore

If you go

What: "Paul Schranz: West Coast Influence"

When: Reception 6 to 8 p.m. today, show through April.

Hours: 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday

Where: Adobe Patio Gallery, 1765 Avenida de Mercado, Mesilla

Info: 575-532-9310, www.adobepatiogallery.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Matthiessen Creek, by Paul Schranz
Catwalk, NM, by Paul Schranz
Point Lobos, by Paul Schranz, is among works featured in a show opening with an
artist s reception from 6 to 8 p.m. today at the Adobe Patio Gallery, 1765
Avenida de Mercado in Mesilla.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 10, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

REGISTER PLAYS A SPECIAL ROLE IN IOWA

BYLINE: By DUDLEY CLENDINEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 982 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Feb. 9


Year in and year out, through the natural rhythms of farm life that shaped John
Stravers's boyhood on the rich plains around Prairie City east of here, there
was one manmade constant: The Des Moines Register.

The newspaper would arrive about 10 o'clock in the morning. Mr. Stravers's
father would pick it up when he came in from the fields for dinner at noon, and
finish it in the evening as night settled on the plains. It is a habit Mr.
Stravers continues. Beginning at breakfast in the morning before he opens his
hardware store in the town of Monroe, it threads through his day. ''We might get
The Newton News and the Knoxville papers,'' he says, ''but the one I sit down
and read in the evening is The Register.''

Iowa is a literate state, and for generations its common experience and link to
the world has been The Register. Like a member of the family, it has not always
been loved, but it has always been there, dominating the conversation with its
rather liberal editorial views and its extensive reporting on state government,
politics, agricultural issues and sports.

Its Influence Is Felt


Now, as the eight major Democratic candidates for President gather here for a
debate Saturday, the scope and influence of The Register is much on their minds.
It is on the doorstep of their hotel rooms in the morning. It is the sponsor of
the debate. It is the only paper in Iowa with the resources to cover their
campaigns, and its reports are the only ones that are commonly read.

As such, it is widely presumed to exert influence not only on the way Iowans see
things, but also on what is written and transmitted from here by newspaper,
television and radio reporters who have come to cover the politics leading to
the nation's first Democratic caucus vote, on Feb. 20.

Enormous attention is paid here to a newspaper that once had equals in Georgia,
Kentucky, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado and elsewhere, but that may be one of the
last of its kind in the country.

''I always say we're the last statewide newspaper in America,'' says Michael
Gartner, The Register's president and editorial chairman. ''We drive 350,000
miles a week to deliver the paper and gather the news. We say we go by every
house in Iowa.''

This last, as Mr. Gartner acknowledges, is not quite true, and indeed, there are
many houses The Register does not pass any more. ''I think it's a fact of life
that they're no longer a statewide paper, and therefore whatever influence they
exerted is diminished,'' says John Robertson, managing editor of The Gazette in
Cedar Rapids, in eastern Iowa.

Smaller Papers Grow


The Gazette, like newspapers in smaller cities and towns around the country, is
growing, and at the expense of The Register. ''I know that there are whole towns
that they no longer even have a carrier in,'' Mr. Robertson said.  In north
central Iowa, where The Messenger serves 10 counties from its base in Fort
Dodge, the managing editor, Walter Stevens, says The Register's ''circulation
and influence have dwindled.'' ''It's a subjective opinion,'' he said, ''but I
think that television has lessened the influence of a state-wide newspaper.''

Slipping circulation figures, the expense of long distance delivery, a heavy
load of corporate debt service and other troubles persuaded the Register and
Tribune Company to close the Register's sister paper, The Tribune, 18 months
ago, and to concentrate on nine counties in a 50-mile radius of Des Moines as
The Register's ''golden circle''.

No subscribers were dropped anywhere in the state, says Michael J. Murray, the
circulation director, but advertising rates within the golden circle were
reduced, and daily and Sunday circulation figures are now climbing, the daily
being 239,000 and the Sunday 391,000.

A Period of Strain, He Says


Although the company lost money in 1982 as a result of closing The Tribune, Mr.
Gartner said, figures to be made public next week will show a profit for 1983.
But he noted that the last three years had been a period of personal as well as
corporate strain. More than 300 employes were laid off in the merger of the two
staffs.

All the department heads are new. ''Everybody at the paper is doing a different
job today than they were two years ago,'' said David Yepsen, The Register's
chief political reporter, ''or if they aren't, the people they work for are
different.''

Many of the best-known talents on the Register's staff are gone, including Frank
Miller, its Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist, dead of a heart attack, and
Donald Kaul, ''our Art Buchwald,'' who James P. Gannon, the editor, says quit or
was dismissed in a dispute with Mr. Gannon.

The impact of the paper's loss, and the degree to which the readers pay
attention, was made plain last August, when a crowd of 1,800 gathered for a
debate of four Democratic candidates in the Convention Center here. When Mr.
Gannon was introduced as a panelist, they began to boo and hiss.

''We want Kaul!'' they chanted.

It was Mr. Gannon who created the coming debate, a forum which he says is in The
Register's tradition as an ''activist newspaper'' that sees its responsibility
is the whole state of Iowa. ''We don't always watch things happen,'' he said.
''Sometimes we make things happen.'' Right now, the company is trying to make it
financially possible to retain its statewide circulation base, and to reassure a
worried newsroom.

''We've taken a vow to maintain that circulation if we can find ways to do it,''
Mr. Gannon says.

In the interim, whatever the degree of its influence, The Register remains the
most dominant personality in Iowa's daily life. ''It's more than just a paper,''
says Stephen W. Roberts, a former Republican state chairman. ''People do spend a
lot of time debating the paper itself. There is an intense interest in what The
Register says and does.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Iowa man reading paper

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           December 23, 2010 Thursday

More Crime Watch for 12/08/2010

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 214 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Rigoberto J. Perez, 1547 W. King St.; simple assault, harassment-subject other
to physical contact, terroristic threats with intent to terrorize another; held
for court.

Laura N. Miller, 3131 Honey Run Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, traffic control devices; waived to court.

Jonathan B. Ayers, 722 Wallace St.; habitual offender, driving under
suspension-driving under the influence related; waived to court.

Steven R. Bloom, 1791 Emerald Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Kevin L. Luckenbaugh, 12 Clover Lane, Hanover; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered, false identification to police; waived to
court.

Joseph Robinson III, 881 E. Market St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under suspension-driving under the influence related,
reckless driving, accident involving damage to attended vehicle or property;
waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 07/08/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 284 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Tyler William Sullivan, 595 Baltimore St., Hanover; criminal mischief; pleaded
guilty.

Wesley P. Minor, 160 N. Second St., McSherrystown;
manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver, driving
under the influence: controlled substance, no headlights; waived to court.

Linda Lynn Moore, 650 Third St., Hanover; corruption of minors, recklessly
endangering another person, corruption of minors, permitting violation; held for
court.

James Daniel Clarius, 52 Chase St., Westminster, Md.; theft by unlawful taking,
harassment, disorderly conduct; waived to court.

James Hollis Cockran, 4050 Old Hanover Road, Westminster, Md.; driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: minors; waived to court.

---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Amira Keene Lawrence, 213 Wampler Road, Middle River, Md.; tax violation;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Adam Gidusko, 127.5 McAllister St., Hanover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Zachary Williams, 210 S. Penn St.; underage drinking; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Kathy Bathory, 6591 Harmony Grove Road, Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Phyllis Lawson, Liberty Tax Service, 16591 Susquehanna Trail, New Freedom; tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rachel Hengst, 2948 Sunset Drive, Dallastown; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Charles Kitts, P.O. Box 171, York Haven; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 915 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Melvin Wach, Tucson, Ariz., reported Friday the $3,150 theft of a plasma
television from his home in the 3500 block of East Marina Vista Court.

Gary Weber, Hayden, reported Wednesday the $595 theft of tools and $550 damage
to the dashboard and instrument panel of a John Deere Model 740 while it was
parked on property at 446 E. Chilco Road.

Mike Birdsong, Coeur d'Alene, reported Friday the $250 theft of cash and $45
damage to a coin vault of a washing machine at an apartment complex in the 4700
block of East Reeves Street.

James Shield, Athol, reported Friday the $343 theft of a refrigerator, four
shovels and prescription medication from his home in the 30100 block of North
Fourth Street in Athol.

Greg Brands, Hayden, reported Monday the $300 theft of three bicycles from his
home in the 2200 block of West James Crow Drive.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Penny Friedlander

Branden D. Marcella, 23, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Sean A. Conner, 31, Rathdrum; invalid driver's license; $200 fine, 10 days in
jail or 40 hours county work program.

Sean R. Hoiness, 18, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: failure to notify upon striking an
unattended vehicle; $300 fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days
suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years probation. Count II:
driving without privileges; $1,000 fine ($700 suspended), 180 days in jail (170
days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years probation.

Brian E. Myers, 24, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (150 days suspended) or 120 hours county work program, 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Tamar S. Drake, 29, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years
probation.

Judge Barry Watson

Alice M. Pennazoli, 36, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (second
offense); $2,000 fine ($1,500 suspended), one year in jail (325 days suspended),
30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Eugene Marano

David R. Gehres II, 47, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 275 days
in jail.

Loni M. Deminski, 32, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 37 days in
jail, 30 days unscheduled jail time.

Shellie S. Binning, 47, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 180 days
in jail.

Justin J. Gernert, 20, Post Falls; driving without privileges; $97 fine, 180
days in jail (113 days suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Todd C. Nelson, 21, Helena; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days in
jail (175 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Robert C. Schroeder, 32, Priest River; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine
($750 suspended), 180 days in jail (165 days suspended), 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Crystal R. Watson, 39, Hayden; driving under the influence (second offense);
$2,000 fine ($1,250 suspended), one year in jail (335 days suspended), one year
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Courtney B. Gothmann, 22, Coeur d'Alene; possession of a controlled substance;
$300 fine, 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program,
one year probation.

Civil complaints

Donna Ternes v. Priority Health Care Corp. Curascript Inc. and Anazaohealth,
seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Coeur d'Alene Property Management v. Charles Pharis III, seeking $5,000.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Rodney Robins, seeking $1,740.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Vera Saint, seeking $3,968.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Suzanne Wennstrom, seeking $2,422.

Hayden Les Schwab Tire Center v. Lori Chissie, seeking $3,314.

Hayden Les Schwab Tire Center v. Chris Yochum, seeking $1,755.

Sherry Besich v. North Idaho Family Physicians LLC, dba Lakewood Aesthetic
Centers, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Blaine & Co. v. Scott Carter, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brian Furrer, seeking $1,203.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. George Hushman Jr. and Linda Hushman, seeking
$4,123.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Judy Dalton, seeking $1,356.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Daniel Dawson and Sandra Dawson, seeking
$1,798.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Connie Butts and Danny Butts, seeking $1,694.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Annette Decker and Steven Decker, seeking
$8,168.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brian Bartrop and Candi Bartrop, seeking
$1,217.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Natali Bailey, seeking $1,202.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Arthur Spalding and Mitzi Spalding, seeking
$4,672.

Collection Bureau Inc. v. Karen Spencer, seeking $7,701.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brooke Cope and Carl Cope, seeking $4,740.

Dynamic Strategies Inc. v. Dorothy Seeley, seeking $5,963.

Civil judgments

Watson Law Offices v. Greg Gamby, plaintiff awarded $3,223.

Divorces sought

Dustin Thurman from Laurie Thurman.

Cindy Murray from David Murray.

Kathryn Kelso from Starr Kelso.

Thomas Acosta from Sarah Acosta.

Jon Foster from Amy Foster.

Jeremiah Morrison from Deanna Morrison.

Jayne Settle from Lynn Settle.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 17, 2007 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 572 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

William Andrews, employee of the Coeur d'Alene City Parks Department, reported
Wednesday $1,200 damage to the doors of two restrooms and a storage area at
Northshire Park, 3901 W. Nez Perce Road.

Jennifer Neely, Spokane Valley, reported Wednesday the $450 theft of a purse
containing cash and other items from a medical office at 700 W. Ironwood Drive.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Gary L. Adams, 48, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (114 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Cira L. Marchitiello, 31, Plummer; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

David M. Shaidell, 31, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
$250 reimbursement for defense, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40
hours county work program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

JUDGE PAUL MCCABE

Dusty J. Brown, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

Jonathan R. Vivian, 27, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine
($750 suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

James L. Green, 43, Post Falls; possession of a controlled substance; $500 fine,
one year in jail (suspended), two years probation.

James C. Borg, 21, Post Falls; Count I: misdemeanor probation violation; 180
days in jail. Count II: petty theft; 157 days in jail.

Joey D. Walker, 24, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: misdemeanor probation violation; 10
days in jail or 40 hours county work program. Count II: misdemeanor probation
violation; 10 days in jail or 40 hours county work program.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Automated accounts Inc. v. Gilbert Villegas and Brooke Villegas, seeking $1,118.

Gloria and Theodore Schauwecker v. Coeur d'Alene Spine and Brain PLLC, and Glenn
Keiper Jr. M.D., seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Larry Bieber v. Staci Gemigniani,  plaintiff awarded $1,220.

Chapman Financial Services Inc., aka Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Chad
Hensley, plaintiff awarded $1,058.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kristina Mercado Barcenas and Agustin
Barcenas, plaintiff awarded $1,666.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Timothy Sweitzer, plaintiff awarded $4,801.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lisa Larsen and Clair Larsen, plaintiff
awarded $1,273.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Michael Staley and Jody Staley, plaintiff awarded
$5,494.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lenne Anderson, plaintiff awarded $1,401.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Diane Witherspoon v. John Hayes.

Chapman Financial Services Inc., aka Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v.
Christina Lowe and Tommy Lowe.

NCO Financial Systems Inc. v. Charline Bruce.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Michael McKeown and Shannon McKeown.

Beth Baker v. Wayland Bradley.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Jennifer Jeanblanc,
fka Jennifer Nelson.

Spokane Merchants Association v. Angela Page.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Darlene Flournoy from Loren Flournoy.

Neva Frear from Marvin Frear Sr.

Bridgette Seguine from Samuel Seguine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 462 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Robert P. Dickerson - 27, Spirit Lake, parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance-methamphetamine, $40,000 bond.

Yvette E. Huselton - 39, Troy, Mont., possession of methamphetamine, $10,000
bond.

George M. Kelly - 53, Colburn, possession of methamphetamine, $85,000 bond.

Rodney J. McGuire - 38, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$85,000 bond.

David L. Predmore - 45, Newport, Wash., parole violation/driving under the
influence, $40,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Lee R. Aderton - 51, Anacortes, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Donald L. Ambroz - 29, Priest River, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $10,000 bond.

Charles E. Barker - 49, Priest River, parole violation/driving under the
influence, resisting/obstructing officers, $5,000 bond.

Danelle J. Bonagofski - 39, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $5,200 bond.

Glen A. Cambron - 50, Sagle, failure to appear/failure to purchase a driver's
license, $2,000 bond.

Anthony J. Pitman Carty - 26, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery-domestic
violence (two counts), $10,000 bond.

Joshua W. Charlton - 19, Sandpoint, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance, $10,000 bond.

Corrine R. Clark - 30, Spirit Lake, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $6,000 bond.

Nichoal L. Day - 28, Priest River, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
failure to provide proof of insurance, $3,000 bond.

Richard G. Engkraf - 46, Selah, Wash., failure to appear/ driving under the
influence, violation of a no contact order, $25,000 bond.

Stephanie M. Gillis - 26, Loon Lake, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $6,000 bond.

Joshua S. Hansen - 29, Spokane, failure to comply/use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,141.

Daniel E. Johnson - 51, Sandpoint, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $15,000 bond.

Joseph P. Martushev - 50, Nikolaevsk, Alaska, failure to appear/driving under
the influence (excessive), $10,000 bond.

Amanda R. Peak - 22, Priest River, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, failure to purchase a driver's license, $10,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Energy clout on wane 10 COLO. FIRMS ACQUIRED With those companies' headquarters
moving out of state, it changes where the money is controlled, an expert says.

BYLINE: Steve McMillan and Andy Vuong Denver Post Staff Writers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. K-01

LENGTH: 752 words


Denver is at the center of a natural-gas exploration and production boom in the
Rocky Mountain states. But its headquarters companies, and the influence they
command, are disappearing fast.

At least 10 hometown energy companies have been swallowed up since 2004,
including two last week. Big players, mostly from Texas, are hungry for hefty
profits from gas that is in short supply and selling for a premium.

"The national policies that affect ... Colorado interests get lost in these
acquisitions," said Tom Clark, executive director of the Metro Denver Economic
Development Corp. "To influence federal policy on reserves and other issues is
going to be a challenge."

On Friday, Houston-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp. announced that it will acquire

Denver-based gas producer Western Gas Resources for $4.74 billion and
Oklahoma-based Kerr-McGee for $16.4 billion.

On Thursday, Denver-based TransMontaigne Inc. - a petroleum storage and
transportation company - was sold to New York-based investment bank Morgan
Stanley for $568 million.

Anadarko said it plans to make Denver the hub of its operations in the Rocky
Mountain region, a model followed by many out-of-state acquirers.

Such regional headquarters do provide Colorado a voice in its energy destiny,
said Greg Schnacke, executive vice president of the Colorado Oil & Gas
Association, a trade group.

"With that you have a lot of senior-level leadership that is based here and a
lot of influence on how companies operate," he said.

He cited divisions of EnCana Corp., Duke Energy and El Paso Corp. that have
headquarters in Colorado. He said Denver remains the biggest energy center
between Houston and Calgary, Alberta.

Texas companies were involved in five of the 10 Colorado buyouts in the past two
years.

Mike Wirth, a Golden native and an executive vice president at oil and gas giant
Chevron Corp., said Friday that Houston is the energy center of the U.S. because
it is the home to major oil producers, big oil service companies and giant
refiners. ConocoPhillips is based in Houston. Exxon Mobil is based in Irving,
Texas. Chevron is based in San Ramon, Calif.

Schnacke said Colorado executives whose companies are acquired often stick
around and start new companies.

"This industry goes in cycle and re-creates itself," he said.

Colorado appears to be at a low point in that ebb and flow - with all the
vulnerabilities that brings.

"Denver is the center of oil and gas for the Rockies. I don't think that's
necessarily going to change. But what does change is where the money is
controlled," said Peter Mueller, a Denver oil executive and member of the
Colorado Oil and Gas Commission.

Western Gas is an attractive takeover target because it has rich reserves
throughout the Rocky Mountains. Kerr-McGee employs 3,800 workers, about 450 in
Colorado. It is the largest producer of natural gas along the Front Range.

Western Gas has 800 workers throughout its territory in the Rockies, Midwest and
Texas. Anadarko doesn't have any workers in Colorado. Job impacts from the
merger are unknown.

The deals, expected to close by the end of September, will make Anadarko the
fifth-largest independent oil producer in the country, with $18 billion in
revenues. --------------------- Shopping for Colorado energy firms

WHO'S BEEN BOUGHT

The nation's hunger for energy - and the Rockies' plentiful supplies of natural
gas, in particular - has made Colorado a prime hunting ground for acquisitions.
Some of the state's biggest gas producers (as well as petroleum storage and
transport company TransMontaigne) have been picked up since 2004 in a $19
billion buying binge. Recent deals:

FRIDAY: Houston-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp. buys Western Gas Resources.
Value: $4.74 billion.

THURSDAY: New York-based Morgan Stanley buys TransMontaigne Inc. Value: $568
million.

JULY: Australia-based Santos Ltd. buys Tipperary Corp.

Value: $306 million.

JANUARY 2005: Fort Worth, Texas-based XTO Energy buys

Antero Resources. Value: $685 million.

DECEMBER 2004: Houston-based Noble Energy buys Patina Oil

& Gas. Value: $3.4 billion.

AUGUST 2004: Houston-based Newfield Exploration buys Inland Resources. Value:
$575 million.

JUNE 2004: Calgary-based Petro-Canada buys Prima Energy.

Value: $534 million.

MAY 2004: Irving, Texas-based Pioneer Natural Resources buys Evergreen
Resources. Value: $1.7 billion.

APRIL 2004: Oklahoma City-based Kerr-McGee buys Westport

Resources. Value: $3.7 billion.

APRIL 2004: Calgary-based EnCana buys Tom Brown Inc.

Value: $2.7 billion.

Sources: Denver Post research, Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 27, 2006



CORRECTION: Because of a reporting error, a story on Page 1K Sunday about
Denver's disappearing clout as a headquarters for energy companies gave the
wrong title for Tom Clark. He is executive vice president of the Metro Denver
Economic Development Corp.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 27, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 409 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Edwin F. Chobot - 79,  Seattle, contemptuous conduct,  $50,000 bond.

Donald R. Crum - 43, Hayden, driving under the influence, $5,000 bond.

Alice L. Little - 47, Conrad, Mont., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $1,000 bond.

Brian C. Neitzke - 27, Hauser Lake, writing checks on closed account check
fraud, $1,000 bond.

Jessica L. West - 25, Boise, failure to appear/insufficient funds check fraud,
$2,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Annjila  M. Boggs - 28, Priest River, failure to appear/violation of
construction code, $1,000 bond.

Mandy L. Conell - 28, Sandpoint, failure to comply/insufficient funds check
fraud, $300 bond.

Ronald J. Jungert - 29, Sagle, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$5,000 bond.

Chadwin  King - 23, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $10,000 bond.

Thomas D. Morrison - 61, Chattaroy, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,000 bond.

Scot  Prescott - 45, Beverly Hills, Calif., failure to appear/boating-negligent
operation of vessel, $5,000 bond.

Lenny D. Sears - 48, Oldtown, failure to comply/assault, malicious injury to
property, $10,000 bond.

Bradley S. Silva - 45, Harrison, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $2,500 bond.

Steven M. Stone - 35, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$357 bond.

Danny J. Whitt - 40, Post Falls, failure to appear/battery-domestic violence,
$5,000 bond.

Bryan L. Wing - 29, Spokane, failure to comply/use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $1,700 bond.

Carol A. Winters - 51, Bayview, failure to appear/battery, $5,000 bond.

Shannon G. Wood - 41, Priest River, failure to comply/violation of no contact
order, battery, $3,600 bond.

Daniel J. Yarber - 24, Elk, Wash., failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Bruce G. Young - 43, Spokane Valley, failure to comply/use of telephone to
terrify/harass, $2,000 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 13, 2004, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Point guards' influence keeps their teams on winning track

BYLINE: David DuPree

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16C; The scorer's table

LENGTH: 406 words

As players show more versatility and designated positions become less definable,
point guard remains the position with the most influence on a team's overall
statistical output.

Taking three statistical categories -- scoring, rebounding and assists -- point
guards have the most influence, followed by power forwards. Centers have the
least.


In addition to leading 24 of the 29 teams in assists, the point guard is the
leading scorer for five teams. Rebounding is dominated by power forwards, who
lead 17 teams in the category. No team's leading scorer or assist man is a
center, and the center is the leading rebounder for only seven teams.

Shooting guard, the most versatile player, is the only position with at least
one team leader in each of the three categories -- a league-high 11 in scoring,
five in assists and one in rebounding.

Boston shooting guard Paul Pierce is the only player in the NBA leading his team
in all three categories. He's sixth in the league in scoring (23.8) and 16th in
assists (5.7), and he averages 7.4 rebounds. He also has been to the free throw
line more than anyone else in the league (250 times) and is first in total
points (928).

Pierce's numbers also translate into wins for the Celtics, who have won three in
a row to improve to 20-19 going into tonight's game at Milwaukee.

"I know I've done the little things to help the team win," he says. "I think
when it's all said and done, people are going to look to me for leadership, but
I think I have to make this a situation where everyone feels responsible. This
isn't just my team. It's all of ours."

Says Celtics head of basketball operations Danny Ainge: "What I love about him
is he's working as hard as anybody on the court. His example is huge for us."

Seven players lead their teams in scoring and rebounding -- Shareef Abdur-Rahim
of Atlanta, Jermaine O'Neal of Indiana, Pau Gasol of Memphis, Kevin Garnett of
Minnesota, Zach Randolph of Portland, Tim Duncan of San Antonio and Shawn Marion
of Phoenix. All are power forwards except for small forward Marion.

Eight players lead their teams in scoring and assists -- Jamal Crawford of
Chicago, LeBron James of Cleveland, Chauncey Billups of Detroit, Baron Davis of
New Orleans, Steve Francis of Houston, Jason Kidd of New Jersey, Tracy McGrady
of Orlando and Ray Allen of Seattle. All except shooting guards Allen, Crawford
and McGrady are point guards.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Matt York, AP; Leading by example: Paul Pierce's 23.8
scoring average and his 7.4 rebounds have helped the Celtics win four of their
last five games.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 1, 2006 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SOBERING TRUTHS FROM LOHAN'S BEAU

BYLINE: BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA RUSH MOLLOY With Jo Piazza and Chris Rovzar

SECTION: GOSSIP; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1023 words


There's a reason Harry Morton is such a good ­influence on Lindsay Lohan.

Morton's half-sister, the model turned ­bounty hunter Domino Harvey, died around
this time last year of what was largely suspected to be a drug overdose, after
years of battling substance abuse.

Now he wants Lohan to practice sobriety, too, says a pal, who adds that the teen
queen has since vowed to friends "she will stay away from booze altogether."

Friends of Lohan say that studio exec James Robinson's angry letter to the
starlet, accusing her of missing filming due to wild partying, couldn't have
come at a worse time.

Morton, heir to the Hard Rock fortune, has been a good influence on her all
around, friends agree.

"She's not drinking," said another surprised source. "I've never seen her so
healthy and happy."

Robinson's letter, which said he was "well aware that [Lohan's] ongoing
all-night heavy partying is the real reason for [her] so-called 'exhaustion,'"
was a blow to Lohan, who had been trying to take it easy since she was
hospitalized on the set of "Georgia Rule" last week.

Still, the slap didn't seem to sting too much. Lohan and Morton didn't get much
sleep over the weekend, out late on Friday,

Saturday and Sunday nights, hitting Hollywood hotspots Les Deux and Hyde, and
flying into Las Vegas just to catch variety show "Beacher's Madhouse," before
flying right back to Burbank around 12:30 a.m.

So what does the studio think of that?

"We're off production now, so she's on her own time," Greg Mielcarz, vice
president of ­worldwide publicity for Morgan's Creek, told us. "We're off until
Wednesday. We're hoping she comes to work on time then."

A dash of vanilla for peach-hued paper.

Who is Jared Kushner?

That's the question on the lips of everybody in New York media. We all know
about his father, jailed real-estate magnate Charles Kushner, who pleaded guilty
last year to 18 counts of tax evasion, witness tampering and illegal campaign
donations. But of the new owner of The New York Observer, who grew up in
Livingston, N.J., there isn't much to find. At Harvard, he was a member of the
men's social club the Fly, but otherwise kept a low profile.

"My extracurriculars in college were mostly buying and selling apartment
buildings in Somerville, Mass.," the 25-year-old told us when we tried to pry
loose some dirt. "I may have spent more hours in Somerville than I did in
Cambridge."

"I play sports," he told us. "I mostly run. I ran a marathon many years back, on
a dare. My dad told me I wasn't a real athlete, so I told him I'd run the
marathon with him. And I did."

He's not a big part of campus life at NYU, either, where he is earning
simultaneous degrees in business and law.

On his Friendster page, he claims to like "art, travel, sports, movies and
sleepovers."

Pals describe him as "kind, mild-mannered and normal." When we tried to find a
dishy source, the best we could find was a witness to a pre-frosh fracas at
Harvard.

"Some distressed upperclassman bursts out screaming that a pre-frosh just passed
out (from alcohol) in her room," recounts our spy. "Jared rushes to the rescue,
disappears in the elevator and moments later returns holding the girl cradled in
his arms and then carries her off to the health-services building, five blocks
away."

"Yes I did carry a girl to the hospital," explained a surprised Kushner when we
recounted the tale. "She seemed like she was in a bad place."

SURVEILLANCE...

A VERY pregnant Britney Spears made not one, but two appearances at Las Vegas'
Pure nightclub Saturday night. The seven-months-pregnant pop mistress first
appeared at the club around 12:30, to congratulate hubby K-Fed as he celebrated
the wrap of his music video, "Lose Control." The pair ­canoodled before Britney
snuck away an hour later. With his bride gone, Federline made a beeline for the
Jack Daniel's and Patron Silver. With liquid courage running through his veins,
Kevin jumped into the deejay booth and yelled an ode to his sugar mama: "I got
the hottest girl in the game wearing my ring." As he headed out a little after 3
a.m., in waddled Britney again, in what appeared to be her pajamas. Brit sipped
orange juice and perched on the VIP bed. When she realized Kevin wasn't coming
back, she hightailed it out of there as fast as her pregnant paunch would carry
her ...

GEORGE HARRISON's widow, Olivia, will be at the Garden today to mark the 35th
anniversary of the Concert for Bangladesh - the first rock benefit ...

ALEXANDRA RICHARDS, Keith's daughter, celebrated her 21st birthday at Boutique
in Bridgehampton with her boyfriend, deejay Nick Cohen, and sister, Theodora.

SIDE DISH.

PAUL McCARTNEY filed for divorce Friday after estranged wife Heather Mills
refused $45 million to go away. The former Beatle may end up paying $200 million
to Mills, whom he accused in court papers of being "rude to his staff" and
"argumentative" and of having secretly recorded a conversation between him and
daughter Stella. Mills, meanwhile, accused the father of her toddler, Beatrice,
of being boring. The guy has given the world more melody than Mozart on
mushrooms - we should all be so boring. ...

PAM ANDERSON and Kid Rock say it's a match made in heaven, but "Sympathy for the
Devil" was the song they chose to open their wedding reception. "Please allow me
to introduce myself," Kid yelled into the mic. "I'm the man who just married the
most beautiful woman in the world." As music blared, guests like Tommy Hilfiger,
Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber, Metallica's Lars Ulrich, photographer David
LaChapelle, David Furnish, and PETA's Dan Matthews danced the night away. ...
STAR JONES was all set for the guest list for the VH1 Save the Music benefit
Friday night but never showed. Guests buzzed that she wasn't interested in
showing her face around two of the ladies vying for her old job, B. Smith and
Gayle King. ... ALAN ALDA'S dog was his best friend - until it croaked. Alda's
dad had the dog stuffed and mounted, with an ominous snarl on its face right
after it died. "Losing the dog was bad, but getting him back was even worse,"
the actor told the crowd at Stony Brook University's Writers Conference Friday
night.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARCEL THOMAS FILMMAGIC Taking a breather Terrence Howard and Jodie
Foster enjoyed some down time on the set of "The Brave One," shooting in
Chelsea. The drama, in which Foster plays a woman who tries to recover from a
brutal attack by seeking revenge, is directed by Neil Jordan ("The Crying
Game"). INGOFF.COM ADAM NEMSER PHOTOLINK Hot stuff These stars know how to beat
the heat in New York. Scarlett Johansson (l.) wore an outfit right out of the
1940s after a boat ride yesterday. Liv Tyler and son Milo kept their cool at a
playground in the West Village Sunday. And Maggie Gyllenhaal had plenty of water
on hand in the Village yesterday. AP Isn't this a 'don't'? Condoleezza Rice made
the International Best-Dressed List, with Vanity Fair calling her "immaculately
groomed and formidably dignified - but with an audacious renegade streak." That
must be the look she was going for with the falling-down bra strap last week.
IAN ALLIS CAPITAL PICTURES - GAMA Comic relief Keira Knightley, decked out in a
World War II-era nurse's uniform, had a laugh on the set of "Atonement," based
on the award-winning novel by Ian McEwan. OZZIE B. X 17 The party never ends
Lindsay Lohan, spotted over the weekend at nightspots in L.A. and Vegas, hasn't
let a studio big's scolding slow her down. But pals say boyfriend Harry Morton
has encouraged the starlet to stay sober. PMc Jared Kushner, at June 2005 gala
with friend Laura Englander.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Positive influences have come in stages for Oklahoma ag radio broadcaster

BYLINE: By Bryan Painter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 830 words


Positive influences have come in stages for Ron Hays.When Hays, 62, of Oklahoma
City, was asked about his volunteer efforts, he backed the conversation up to
mention a few of those who by example taught him the importance of helping
others daily.Hays started with his father, Robert - who taught vocational
agriculture and later junior high science and also later farmed - and his
mother, Ruth - a bookkeeper for the local Chevrolet garage."My folks had a lot
of influence on me," said Hays, who was born and raised in Kentucky. "They made
church a priority, both Sunday school teachers and my dad was a very hard
worker. We spent a lot of hours in the pickup truck together going to show hogs
when I was in first 4-H and later FFA. Lots of life lessons were passed along
then."Also, some of Hays' high school ag teachers, including Jim Wilds and Bruce
Metzger, helped him learn to set goals and stressed the need to be involved in
the leadership development of the FFA.While Hays was a young adult living in
Wichita, Kan., his pastor Bruce Anthony "got me looking at really developing a
servant heart.""And my wife of more than 20 years, Jan, is a native Oklahoma
City resident and has been a blessing and helps me process all the things we
find ourselves in," Hays said.

"Sometimes she has to be the still, small voice to say, 'Don't overdo.'"Many
people know Hays by his voice. He began working in radio in 1970 and got into
farm broadcasting on radio in 1974 at a radio station in Wichita.He moved to
Oklahoma City in 1977 to help establish the Oklahoma Agrinet and was there until
2006. In August of that year, Hays changed networks over to the Radio Oklahoma
Ag Network.But aside from work, he's been heavily involved in church and
agriculture-related activities and groups.Church involvementHays is a longtime
member of Village Baptist Church in Oklahoma City. And through those years, Hays
has served as a lay coordinator of the church's Living Christmas Tree, a Sunday
school teacher, Sunday school churchwide superintendent and as a member of
search teams for ministers. Currently, Hays serves as a lay leader for the
church's "Modern Worship Service."Some of his efforts have gone far beyond state
boundaries."A mission trip that I was fortunate to make about 10 years ago was
actually a solo trip to the country of Malawi," Hays said. "I combined my
interest in broadcasting and agriculture to go when Oklahoma Baptists had
adopted Malawi as a key destination for many of the state's mission trips."Hays
traveled to Malawi and offered his knowledge in audio production and helped set
up a recording studio in Blantyre. He also had the chance to interact with
several agricultural relief workers and those "trying to help farmers in one of
the poorest countries in the world pull themselves up by the bootstraps.""I came
away humbled by how much we have in the U.S. versus the average person in
Malawi, especially those out in the rural areas where almost the only profession
was to farm," he said.In agricultureHays was a member of Class One of the
Oklahoma Ag Leadership Program in the early 1980s. He was so impressed with that
program he has continued to be involved through its advisory council at Oklahoma
State University. Hays serves as chairman of that council."I have traveled with
several of the classes on their international capstone experience," he said,
"and I have reported back from those foreign trips what the Oklahoma group is
doing and learning. It is great agricultural news to share with farmers and
ranchers back home as well as a great way to publicize the OALP program."In
addition, Hays remains involved with the Oklahoma FFA, where he has helped with
several leadership development efforts and other activities.While he has given
of his time, knowledge and finances, Hays said the return has been substantial -
even though he never expected anything in return."The blessings are, at times,
overwhelming," Hays said. "Being involved in the ag leadership program has
allowed me to interact with a great number of the agricultural leaders of our
state in a unique way."Being involved in FFA for the over 35 years I have been
doing farm radio broadcasting means I have interviewed dads and now their kids
and have judged and mentored the brightest students in our state. There's a lot
of satisfaction in those areas that I have majored in when it comes to the ag
community."The church involvement has brought many blessings as well, he
said."The church-related efforts have been about the Kingdom," Hays said. "In
the 30-somethings Sunday school class that I am now directing, it really feels
rewarding to see a young couple mature and do well in being Godly parents. They
become willing to step out and serve in some meaningful way in the church or
even in outside ministry as well. It is really thrilling when God allows you to
get in on something He has got going."One lesson I have learned from that is to
never take those times for granted."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Column: Taking a touchy look at links to politically active billionares

BYLINE: By Robert Moore, El Paso Times, Digital First Media

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 594 words


An El Paso Times story last week involving El Paso businessman Paul Foster and a
meeting organized by the Koch brothers has drawn more reaction than any other
recent story.

Reporter Marty Schladen researched and wrote the story after the website Mother
Jones posted a list of more than 40 prominent business leaders who attended a
California political conclave hosted last month by Charles and David Koch. They
are the principles in Koch Industries, a $115 billion conglomerate.

Mother Jones, an avowedly liberal publication, obtained the list from an unnamed
hotel guest. Its authenticity hasn't been disputed.

The list said Paul Foster was scheduled to meet with Charles Koch and two others
involved in Koch-backed political activities.

The feedback I've received on the story falls into two broad camps: the Times
showed great courage in reporting on possible ties between the controversial
Koch brothers and one of El Paso's leading citizens; or the paper did a hit job
on Foster.

I don't think either interpretation is accurate.

Perhaps the most important role of media in a free society is to bring
transparency to those intending to influence the political process. That is
especially true of those   such as the Koch brothers   who seek influence while
evading transparency.

The Washington Post and the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics last
month reported reported that a network of groups backed by the Koch brothers
spent $407 million on the 2012 election. Because of current law, we generally
don't know the money's source.

"The resources and the breadth of the organization make it singular in American
politics: an operation conducted outside the campaign finance system, employing
an array of groups aimed at stopping what its financiers view as government
overreach," the Post reported.

That one of El Paso's leading political donors apparently attended a meeting of
this network is of interest to El Pasoans.

Schladen repeatedly, and unsuccessfully, sought comment from Foster and
spokesmen for the Koch brothers.

One of the state's most-respected political scientists, Cal Jillson of Southern
Methodist University, told Schladen that ties to the Koch brothers could
complicate one of Foster's most important roles for El Paso and the state,
serving as chairman of the University of Texas Board of Regents, because of the
Kochs' reputation for partisanship. That concern also is something El Pasoans
should know about, even if some disagree with the assessment.

Critics raised the familiar cry of media bias, saying the story was written
because the Kochs and Foster are conservatives.

Ideology didn't play a role in our decision-making process.

When I was editor at the Fort Collins Coloradoan during the 2006 and 2008
elections, the paper closely tracked the political efforts of Pat Stryker, a
billionaire philanthropist and leading citizen of Fort Collins. She was also a
major   and often secretive   donor to Democratic and liberal causes.

Foster and Stryker are marvelous philanthropists who have done incalculable good
in their communities. They are rightfully lauded for their generosity and
involvement, and media extensively report their good works.

But that doesn't exempt them from scrutiny of their efforts to shape the
political process.

Both Democrats and Republicans relied heavily on "dark money" in 2012, and will
do the same in 2014 and 2016. The nation's campaign finance system is an opaque
mess, making it difficult for the public to "follow the money," as the old
saying goes.

But we must try.

Robert Moore is editor of the El Paso Times.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The US capitol as seen last September. The El Paso Times recently took
a look at a local connection to billionaires who use their money to influence
the American political system.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Court Log

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 611 words


Clinton District Court

Monday, Nov. 19

Judge Jennifer Ginsburg

William J. Storey, 44, of 40 Green Road, Woodstock, Conn., unlicensed operation
of a motor vehicle, dismissed upon payment of $100 in court costs; uninsured
motor vehicle, dismissed; operating a motor vehicle with a suspended
registration, dismissed; unregistered motor vehicle, not responsible. Charges
brought by the Berlin Police.

Matthew Bakas, 22, of 40 Forest St., Clinton, miscellaneous municipal ordinance
bylaw violations, guilty, $50 fine, $50 victim witness assessment. Charges
brought by the Clinton Police.

Michael Murlock, 30, of 67 Summer Road, Berlin, operating under the influence of
liquor, sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding until Nov. 15,
2013, 45-day loss of license, $20 operating under the influence fee, $50
operating under the influence victims assessment, $250 head injury assessment,
$50 victim witness assessment; marked lanes violation, not responsible, merged;
negligent operation of a motor vehicle, dismissed, merged. Charges brought by
the Berlin Police.

Charles M. Young, 20, of 29 Berlin St., Apt. 17, Clinton, failure to keep right
on a hill/obstructed view, responsible, filed; speeding, responsible, filed;
operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license, sufficient facts found, but
continued without a finding until May 17, 2013, $50 victim witness assessment.
Charges brought by the Berlin Police.

Joseph Dowd, 22, of 21 Orange St., Clinton, operating under the influence of
liquor, sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding until Nov. 15,
2013, 45-day loss of license, $250 operating under the influence fee, $50
operating under the influence victims assessment, $250 head injury assessment,
$50 victim witness assessment, community service allowed, except for victim
witness assessment; speeding, not responsible, merged; miscellaneous municipal
ordinance bylaw violations, dismissed, merged. Charges brought by the Sterling
Police.

Tuesday, Nov. 20

Judge Andrew Mandell

Kenneth Knobel, 23, of 329 Cambridge St., Apt. 1, Worcester, operating a motor
vehicle with a suspended registration, dismissed upon payment of $100 in court
costs; uninsured motor vehicle, dismissed. Charges brought by the State
Police-Holden for offenses in Sterling.

Robert W. Mann, 33, of 26 Elm Heights Terrace, Marlboro, possession of a Class B
drug, guilty, 60 days in the House of Correction, concurrent with another case
and another sentence serving; failure to drive in the right lane, not
responsible. Charges brought by the Clinton Police.

Robert F. Hunt, 29, of 71 Congress St., Fitchburg, breaking and entering for a
misdemeanor, guilty, 30 days in the House of Correction, concurrent with any
sentence serving. Charges brought by the Lancaster Police.

Alyssa M. Siok, 23, of 316 Water St., Clinton, operating a motor vehicle with a
suspended license, dismissed upon payment of $100 in court costs; failure to
yield at an intersection, responsible, $35 fine. Charges brought by the Clinton
Police.

Lisa M. Crossman, 36, of 59 Goodrich St., Lunenburg, uninsured motor vehicle,
sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding until Feb. 22, 2013;
operating a motor vehicle with a suspended registration, sufficient facts found,
but continued without a finding until Feb. 22, 2013, $50 victim witness
assessment; unregistered motor vehicle, not responsible. Charges brought by the
Lancaster Police.

Friday, Nov. 23

Judge Allard-Madeus

Sheila K. Fulks, 47, of 585 Norfolk St., No. 2, Mattapan, operating a motor
vehicle with a suspended license, subsequent offense, dismissed upon payment of
$100 in court costs. Charges brought by the Lancaster Police.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Monday, Nov. 19 Judge Jennifer Ginsburg William J. Storey, 44, of 40
Green Road, Woodstock, Conn., unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, dismissed
upon payment of $100 in court costs; uninsured motor vehicle, dismissed;
operating a motor vehicle with a suspended registration, dismissed; unregistered
motor vehicle, not responsible. Charges brought by the Berlin Police. Matthew
Bakas, 22, of 40 Forest St., Clinton, miscellaneous municipal ordinance bylaw
violations, guilty, $50 fine, $50 victim witness assessment. Charges brought by
the Clinton Police.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Court Log

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 611 words


Clinton District Court

Monday, Nov. 19

Judge Jennifer Ginsburg

William J. Storey, 44, of 40 Green Road, Woodstock, Conn., unlicensed operation
of a motor vehicle, dismissed upon payment of $100 in court costs; uninsured
motor vehicle, dismissed; operating a motor vehicle with a suspended
registration, dismissed; unregistered motor vehicle, not responsible. Charges
brought by the Berlin Police.

Matthew Bakas, 22, of 40 Forest St., Clinton, miscellaneous municipal ordinance
bylaw violations, guilty, $50 fine, $50 victim witness assessment. Charges
brought by the Clinton Police.

Michael Murlock, 30, of 67 Summer Road, Berlin, operating under the influence of
liquor, sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding until Nov. 15,
2013, 45-day loss of license, $20 operating under the influence fee, $50
operating under the influence victims assessment, $250 head injury assessment,
$50 victim witness assessment; marked lanes violation, not responsible, merged;
negligent operation of a motor vehicle, dismissed, merged. Charges brought by
the Berlin Police.

Charles M. Young, 20, of 29 Berlin St., Apt. 17, Clinton, failure to keep right
on a hill/obstructed view, responsible, filed; speeding, responsible, filed;
operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license, sufficient facts found, but
continued without a finding until May 17, 2013, $50 victim witness assessment.
Charges brought by the Berlin Police.

Joseph Dowd, 22, of 21 Orange St., Clinton, operating under the influence of
liquor, sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding until Nov. 15,
2013, 45-day loss of license, $250 operating under the influence fee, $50
operating under the influence victims assessment, $250 head injury assessment,
$50 victim witness assessment, community service allowed, except for victim
witness assessment; speeding, not responsible, merged; miscellaneous municipal
ordinance bylaw violations, dismissed, merged. Charges brought by the Sterling
Police.

Tuesday, Nov. 20

Judge Andrew Mandell

Kenneth Knobel, 23, of 329 Cambridge St., Apt. 1, Worcester, operating a motor
vehicle with a suspended registration, dismissed upon payment of $100 in court
costs; uninsured motor vehicle, dismissed. Charges brought by the State
Police-Holden for offenses in Sterling.

Robert W. Mann, 33, of 26 Elm Heights Terrace, Marlboro, possession of a Class B
drug, guilty, 60 days in the House of Correction, concurrent with another case
and another sentence serving; failure to drive in the right lane, not
responsible. Charges brought by the Clinton Police.

Robert F. Hunt, 29, of 71 Congress St., Fitchburg, breaking and entering for a
misdemeanor, guilty, 30 days in the House of Correction, concurrent with any
sentence serving. Charges brought by the Lancaster Police.

Alyssa M. Siok, 23, of 316 Water St., Clinton, operating a motor vehicle with a
suspended license, dismissed upon payment of $100 in court costs; failure to
yield at an intersection, responsible, $35 fine. Charges brought by the Clinton
Police.

Lisa M. Crossman, 36, of 59 Goodrich St., Lunenburg, uninsured motor vehicle,
sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding until Feb. 22, 2013;
operating a motor vehicle with a suspended registration, sufficient facts found,
but continued without a finding until Feb. 22, 2013, $50 victim witness
assessment; unregistered motor vehicle, not responsible. Charges brought by the
Lancaster Police.

Friday, Nov. 23

Judge Allard-Madeus

Sheila K. Fulks, 47, of 585 Norfolk St., No. 2, Mattapan, operating a motor
vehicle with a suspended license, subsequent offense, dismissed upon payment of
$100 in court costs. Charges brought by the Lancaster Police.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Eight over 80: Former UNI coach continues to influence lives

BYLINE: Jim Offner, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


July 12--CEDAR FALLS -- Don Erusha is long retired as assistant football coach
at the University of Northern Iowa, but he's as much a part of the team as ever.

Former players say Erusha, a native of Cedar Rapids who moved with his wife,
Pat, to the Cedar Valley in 1963, is certainly part of their lives today.

"Sometimes in life, not often enough, you get the chance to be a part of
something greater than yourself; this is how I would summarize my time with
Coach Erusha," said Michael Soppe, one of The Courier's 2011 20 Under 40 winners
who has been a three-sport coach at Dike-New Hartford High School and serves as
the mayor of Dike. "He has been a solid member of the community of Cedar Falls
for numerous years. He has had the chance to influence thousands of people in
that time as a teacher and a coach."

Perhaps, Erusha said, that's his way of paying forward the influence his own
parents left on him.

"Those people worked so hard to make sure my sister and I were taken care of,"
Erusha said. "I never had a chance to express that to my father. He died when I
was away at boot camp. I don't know if I told my mother, but I tried to show
her."

Erusha coached during a different era in college football. He was a teacher
first and coach second.

"I'm proud that the guys that played for me at UNI went out and achieved all
kinds of things," he said. "One of those guys is the CEO of a place out in
Oregon. Three or four of them are athletic directors, and a lot of them are
teachers. A lot of them are in businesses. So I guess I'm proud of the fact that
these guys played football and left UNI and achieved something with their life."

Growing up, the last thing Erusha thought about was being a teacher.

"Everywhere I've been I was hired as a teacher-coach. I couldn't imagine being a
teacher when I was growing up, but I spent 50 years doing it," he said.

He remembers coaching the Panthers as they played Western Kentucky in a mud bog
in a 1975 playoff game at O.R. Latham Field as the UNI-Dome was going up.

"That Dome is a remarkable thing," he said.

The football locker room in the Dome bears Erusha's name.

"Coach Erusha has been a beloved role model for thousands of students, athletes,
coaches and friends that he has been in contact with over the years," said
former player Jerry Albert, who went on to coach football at Wartburg College.

If dreams don't actually come true, Erusha has come close to realizing his, he
said.

"I have a good wife and got a great daughter and a son-in-law," he said. "When I
was a kid, Pearl Harbor was bombed when I was in eighth grade. I never had any
thoughts of anything but going into the service. So, a lot of things that
happened after that, just happened."

___ (c)2012 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120712-OO-HLT-Eight-over-80-Former-UNI-coach-continues-to-influence
-lives-0712-20120712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2012 Waterloo Courier


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News of Newburyport (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

17 arrested at Seabrook sobriety checkpoint

BYLINE: Dave Rogers, The Daily News of Newburyport, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


July 25--SEABROOK -- A sobriety checkpoint on Route 1A in Seabrook over the
weekend resulted in the arrest of 17 people from Massachusetts and New
Hampshire.

The checkpoint was conducted Friday evening by New Hampshire State Police Troop
A, in conjunction with the Seabrook Police Department, Hampton Police Department
and the Rockingham County Sheriff's Office. The New Hampshire Department of
Safety, Office of Emergency Management also provided support during the
checkpoint. Law enforcement agencies use sobriety checkpoints as a tool to
deter, detect and apprehend impaired drivers.

During the checkpoint law enforcement screened a total of 801 vehicles. As a
result, there were 17 individuals arrested:

Samantha Lenz, 17, of Plaistow, N.H., was charged with minor possession of
alcohol.

Michael Schidlovsky, 54, of Durham, N.H., was charged with possession of a
controlled drug.

Yousaf Quazi, 20, of Hampton, N.H., was charged with possession of a controlled
drug.

James Burke, 20, of Hampton, N.H., was charged with possession of a controlled
drug.

Louis Valentino, 47, of Boston, was charged with driving while under the
influence of liquor.

Daniel Santos, 17, of Salem, N.H., was charged with minor in possession of
alcohol.

Mario Portela, 17, of Salem, N.H., was charged with minor in possession of
alcohol.

Sarah Costa, 18, of Salem, N.H., was charged with driving while under the
influence of liquor.

Messiah Portela, 17, of Salem, N.H., was charged with minor possession of
alcohol.

Theresa Kamberalis, 48, of Haverhill, was charged with driving while under the
influence of liquor.

Kris Marcoccio, 30, of Burlington was charged with possession of a controlled
drug.

George Delano, 24, of Dover, N.H., was charged with driving while under the
influence of liquor.

Alex Carter, 23, of Lowell, was charged with driving while under the influence
of liquor.

Lucas Pinheiro, 19, of Shrewsbury, was charged with minor in possession of
alcohol.

Jefferson Dosanjos, 19, of Shrewsbury, was charged with minor possession of
alcohol.

Thomas Wormell, 53, of Hampton, N.H., was charged with driving while under the
influence of liquor.

David King, 32, of Tewksbury, was charged with driving while under the influence
of liquor.

Other violations, according to state police, included two motorists being cited
for having open containers of alcohol and one driver cited for operating after
suspension. Two other subjects were taken into protective custody as well. All
subjects arrested are scheduled for arraignment in Hampton District Court.

To see more of The Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newburyportnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily News of
Newburyport, Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110725-ZN-17-arrested-at-Seabrook-sobriety-checkpoint-0725-20110725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZN


                  Copyright 2011 The Daily News of Newburyport


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             August 20, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Campaign finance law stands up to challenge;
The federal judge's ruling now faces an expedited appeal by the National
Organization for Marriage.

BYLINE: Kennebec Journal

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 693 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


A federal judge delivered a ruling Thursday that protected the core of Maine's
campaign finance laws from a challenge by a national marriage advocacy group
regarding their constitutionality.

But U.S. District Judge D. Brock Hornby did find parts of state's campaign
finance laws ''unconstitutionally vague.''

Thursday's decision is viewed as critical, setting the possible statutory
parameters by which the National Organization for Marriage will become involved
in politicking for, or against, candidates for statewide office this fall.

Hornby struck down the 24-hour rule that required disclosure not just before an
election, but whenever it is made of independent expenditures over $250. He said
the rule ''has not been justified ... is impermissibly burdensome and cannot be
enforced.''

He also said ''Maine's use of the words 'influence' and 'influence in any way'
... are unconstitutionally vague.''

''Otherwise,'' Hornby wrote, ''Maine's laws governing PACs, independent campaign
expenditures, and attribution and disclaimer requirements are constitutional,
and survive NOM's challenges that they are unconstitutionally vague and
overbroad.''

The National Organization for Marriage contested the constitutionality of
Maine's campaign finance laws, before perhaps engaging in activity to influence
outcomes of upcoming legislative elections.

The group, which supported the repeal of same-sex marriage legislation in Maine
in 2009, has said it will work against the re-election efforts of Maine
lawmakers who voted to support same-sex marriage.

Attorney General Janet Mills applauded the ruling on Thursday, saying it upholds
the state's campaign reporting and disclosure law.

Jonathan Wayne, executive director of the Maine Commission on Governmental
Ethics and Election Practices, called the ruling mostly positive.

''Mostly, the decision appears to be very good news from the standpoint of the
public understanding of who is raising and spending money to influence
elections,'' Wayne said. ''There are a couple of aspects of the disclosure law
that the judge found to be vague and have been severed from our statutes. Mostly
it's a clean bill of health for the disclosure laws.''

Brian Brown, president of the National Organization for Marriage, said Thursday
that his group is disappointed with the ruling but feels its arguments will hold
sway with an appeals court.

The organization will pursue an expedited appeal to the U.S. First Circuit Court
in Boston, he said, because of the short time before the upcoming elections.

Though Thursday's decision will delay its plans for political activity in Maine,
Brown said, the group is reviewing the decision, to gauge a potential timeline
for action.

The organization plans activity in Maine regarding candidates who support
''redefining marriage,'' said Brown, and candidates who support traditional
marriage. He declined to say whether the National Organization for Marriage will
be active in the state's governor's race, as well as the legislative races.

Brown expressed frustration at the legal hurdles from ''frivolous'' lawsuits
filed by political opponents, one of which, Californians Against Hate, asked the
Maine ethics commission to investigate the National Organization for Marriage.

That group, one of the primary advocates for preserving the gay marriage law
that Californians repealed in 2009, questioned whether the National Organization
for Marriage raised more than $5,000 to directly repeal Maine's same-sex
marriage law.

If it had, it would have been required to file campaign finance reports with the
state and disclose who donated the money.

The state is seeking a list of donors so it can determine whether the group
asked for money specifically to help repeal gay marriage in Maine. The group
sued in state and federal court to try to stop the investigation, saying it
fears disclosure would lead to harassment of donors.

In response, the group has said that although it donated nearly $2 million to
Stand for Marriage Maine, the political action committee that worked to repeal
Maine's same-sex marriage law in 2009, it did not ask donors to give
specifically to help in Maine.

That case is pending.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            March 11, 2004 Thursday

LAGUNA BEACH POLICE BLOTTER

SECTION: LAGUNABEACH

LENGTH: 573 words


freda ... here is a template to create the coplog each week.

Tuesday, Mar. 9

Crescent Bay/Park, foot patrol. Jesse Acosta Rivas, of La Puente, was arrested
on two outstanding warrants. Reported at 1:45 a.m.

mONDAY, MAR. 8

Ramona, 600 block, animal cruelty. A concerned person called police after he
observed a dog locked in a blue Honda Civic. He told police that the dog had
been there all day and estimated the temperature in the car was 100 degrees.
Animal Control responded and the dog was taken to the shelter. Reported at 3:38
p.m.

Coast Highway/El Morro, patrol check. Mario Perez Caballero, of Fontana, was
arrested on a warrant for burglary. Reported at 8:06 a.m.

Sunday, Mar. 7

Table Rock Drive, 31000 block, foot patrol. Ian Michael Krzeminski, of Santa
Ana, was arrested on suspicion of possession of alcohol. Reported at 10:59 p.m.

South Coast Highway, 120 block, pedestrian stop. Walter Anthony Ruiz, of
Anaheim, was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct. Reported at 6:37 p.m.

Laguna Canyon Road, 600 block, traffic stop. William Morrissey, of Arizona, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 2:41 a.m.

Coast Highway/Crown Valley, traffic stop. Christopher Roy Diffee, of Costa Mesa,
was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 1:04 a.m.

Glenneyre/ Calliope, traffic stop. James Stively, of Arizona, was arrested on
suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 1:19 a.m.

Coast Highway/Irvine Cove, traffic stop. Burnell Del Magnuson, of Corona Del
Mar, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 12:18
a.m.

Forest Avenue, 200 block, pedestrian. William Stroenider, of Lake Forest, was
arrested on suspicion of public drunkenness. Reported at 12:22 a.m.

Coast Highway/Ocean Avenue, drunken driving. Ruth Henry, of Mission Viejo, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 12:29 a.m.

Saturday, Mar. 6

St. Ann's/Coast Highway, pedestrian stop. William Todd McCoy, of Glendale, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 10:42 p.m.

West/Coast Highway, traffic stop. Renee McCormick, of La Quinta, was arrested on
suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 3:58 a.m.

Coast Highway, 30000 block, traffic stop. Joshua Thomas Baker, of Riverside, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. This was a third offense.
Reported at 3:49 a.m.

North Coast Highway, 100 block, traffic stop. Tia Bowden, of Florida, was
arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 2:22 a.m.

West/Coast Highway, patrol check. Daniel L. Reynoso, of Montebello, was arrested
on suspicion of driving under the influence. Reported at 3:33 a.m.

Friday, Mar. 5

Lakes/Laguna Canyon Road, traffic stop. Kenny Fuyu, of Los Angeles, was arrested
on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance. It was a felony arrest.
Reported at 11:48 p.m.

Bluebird Canyon/Cress, animal stray. A resident called police and said he saw a
very large deer running down the middle of Bluebird Canyon Drive. Animal Control
responded but was unable to locate the deer. Reported at 12:53 a.m.

Police Blotter is compiled by Erika I. Ritchie from oral and written reports of
the Laguna Beach Police Department. The crime log represents only a portion of
the crimes committed during the reporting period. Arrests indicate a suspicion
of violations, not charges filed, nor results of court proceedings unless noted.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    August 31, 2002 Saturday, FINAL Edition

DISTRICT COURT

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; District Court; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 636 words


The following people were found guilty recently in Portland District Court:

Nicole L. Bellino, 23, of South Portland, operating under the influence, 7/11/02
in South Portland, $400, two days in jail, license suspended 90 days.

Gregory A. Bishop, 46, of South Portland, driving to endanger, 6/3/02 in South
Portland, $400, 20 days in jail with all suspended, nine months probation,
license suspended 30 days.

Mark R. Blais, 33, of Buxton, operating under the influence, 5/21/02 in
Falmouth, $800, four days in jail with all suspended, license suspended 90 days.

Heidi Busby, 28, of Cape Elizabeth, driving without a license, 7/7/02 in Cape
Elizabeth, $150.

James M. Carr, 20, of South Portland, operating under the influence, 7/4/02 in
South Portland, $550, two days in jail, license suspended 90 days; attaching
false motor vehicle plates, 7/4/02 in South Portland, two days in jail, license
suspended 90 days.

Richard D. Corbett Jr., 41, of South Portland, operating under the influence,
6/9/02 in South Portland, $800, 12 days in jail, license suspended 18 months.

Kathryn M. Dube, 21, of Lewiston, operating under the influence, 7/6/02 in South
Portland, $400, license suspended 90 days.

Jeffrey J. Gold, 19, of Scarborough, possessing marijuana, 7/13/02 in South
Portland, $200.

Joseph L. Gorham, 27, of South Portland, driving after license suspension,
7/16/02 in South Portland, $400.

Frank H. Hager, 65, of Portland, driving after license suspension, 9/15/01 in
Windham, $200.

David Hall, 51, of Windham, habitual motor vehicle offender, 8/2/01 in Gray,
$800.

Joel C. Harris, 41, of Portland, operating under the influence, 4/26/02 in
Portland, $500, license suspended 90 days; leaving scene of a motor vehicle
accident, 4/26/02 in Portland, $150.

Jacob M. Houser, 19, of South Portland, possession of drug paraphernalia,
6/14/02 in South Portland, $250; possession of marijuana, 6/14/02 in South
Portland, $250.

Jorge Jaramillo, 34, of Brownsville, Texas, duty status not current, 6/21/02 in
New Gloucester, $250.

Brandon Jones, 20, of Limington, passing stopped school bus, 2/15/02 in
Scarborough, $250.

Stephen Z. Kecskemethy, 20, of Portland, possessing marijuana, 7/5/02 in South
Portland, $200.

Jason Lamy, 31, of Portland, assault, 2/10/02 in Portland, 180 days in jail with
all but two days suspended, two years probation, $50 restitution; criminal
mischief, 2/10/02 in Portland, 180 days in jail with all but two days suspended,
two years probation, $50 restitution.

Keith T. Litman, 18, of Portland, obstructing government administration, 6/11/02
in Portland, $250.

James R. Lizotte, 21, of South Portland, driving after license suspension,
7/23/02 in South Portland, $200.

James M. McConnell, 19, of Scarborough, driving after license suspension, 5/5/02
in Scarborough, $200; possessing marijuana, 5/5/02 in Scarborough, $200.

Garrett Michaud, 28, of Portland, possessing marijuana, 7/23/02 in South
Portland, $200.

Laura Lee Morrill, 20, of Gray, driving after license suspension, 3/6/02 in
South Portland, $500.

Robert John Osgood, 19, of South Portland, driving without a license, 7/20/02 in
South Portland, $150.

Judith Potter, 55, of Bridgton, driving after license suspension, 12/23/01 in
Windham, $200 with $100 suspended, one day in jail.

Corey M. Richardson, 23, of Portland, disorderly conduct, 7/14/02 in Portland,
$200.

Patrick D. Rowe, 20, of South Portland, minor possessing liquor, 7/14/02 in
South Portland, $200.

Nicole L. Sweetser, 18, of Portland, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
7/9/02 in South Portland, $150.

Kirill Tsybin, 20, of Portland, minor possessing liquor, 8/9/02 in Portland,
$200.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 1, 1999, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BUSINESS GROUPS PAY FOR MANY TRIPS BY CONGRESS;
CRITICS SEE CONFERENCES AT LUXURY RESORTS AS LITTLE BETTER THAN BRIBERY

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 876 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Three congressmen and 11 House aides converged on the white sands of Hawaii's
Hapuna Beach in January as guests of the American Association of Airport
Executives.

The organization paid for the airfare, meals and hotel rooms so the Washington
delegation could participate in an aviation conference with airline executives,
plane manufacturers and others in the air transport industry.

Privately sponsored trips to Miami, Palm Springs, Calif., Hawaii and other spots
are - with lobbying and campaign donations - part of a coordinated strategy by
special interests to influence Congress. While congressional ethics rules
sharply limit most gifts, these trips are allowed for events like speeches,
fact-finding and conferences.

The players include old-line trade associations and companies - such as
representatives of banks, railroads and manufacturers - and new political forces
like Microsoft, the computer software company.

For lawmakers, the accommodations often are more plush than the standard
government hotel room. Sen. Chuck Hagel, R-Neb., and his wife were put up in a $
900-a-night suite in Orlando, Fla., in February by a banking group. Hagel is a
member of the Senate Banking Committee.

Rep. Martin Olav Sabo, D-Minn., who attended the Hawaii conference at a resort
hotel where all the rooms have oceanfront views, admitted, "It's not a bad place
in January. I wouldn't describe it as a torture chamber."

But Sabo said the trip was worthwhile because there was "a lot of serious work"
on airport funding issues.

Charles Lewis, of the government watchdog group Center for Public Integrity,
charges that such privately financed trips are a conflict of interest for
lawmakers.

"It's all part of an elaborate strategy by most special interests - it's one
arrow in their quiver," Lewis said. "They ... take them on lavish trips, hobnob
with them on golf courses, they bring cash to the campaigns. And guess what? It
works."

The airport executives who played host to Sabo have a huge stake in legislation
to renew the federal trust fund that finances airport construction and to
increase airport passenger fees.

The association spent more than $ 175,000 on lobbying last year, just a small
portion of the $ 36 million in lobbying spent by the air transportation industry
in 1998. The air transport industry's political action committees made more than
$ 5 million in contributions in 1997-98.

Air transportation interests contributed $ 6,250 to Sabo, $ 22,480 to Rep. Ron
Packard, R-Calif., and $ 500 to Rep. Hal Rogers, R-Ky. in 1997-98 - the three
congressmen who attended the Hawaii conference, records show.

Microsoft spokesman Adam Sohn said the software company also invites lawmakers
to its headquarters near Seattle to combine discussions of the issues with
technology demonstrations that "we often can't bring to Washington."

"Members reach out to us and say we'd like to get a look at this," he said.
"That's what we're looking to showcase."

About 20 Congress members and 50 staffers have visited in recent months, Sohn
said, without specifying how many trips were paid by Microsoft.

In House records, 13 congressional staffers reported trips paid by Microsoft to
its Redmond, Wash., headquarters. Microsoft spent $ 3.7 million on lobbying last
year, and its political action committee made $ 264,500 in contributions in
1997-98.

Other examples of private trips:

* Rep. Larry Combest, R-Texas, and his wife stayed at the Boca Raton Resort &
Club in Florida in March, courtesy of the Futures Industry Association - the
trade group for the commodity futures industry. The bill included a dinner that
cost $ 167 a person, $ 504 a night in lodging costs and $ 316 in golf-related
expenses over two days.

* Rogers and House Democratic Whip David Bonior of Michigan traveled to Palm
Springs, Calif., in February to speak to executives at the U.S. Telephone
Association conference. Communications interests gave Bonior $ 52,500 and Rogers
$ 36,399 in the 1997-98 campaign cycle, records show.

The trade group, representing large regional telephone companies and smaller
operations interested in revision of telecommunications law, spent $ 1.3 million
on lobbying last year.

* A consumer electronics exhibit in Las Vegas - billed as the world's largest
trade show - attracted Reps. Howard Berman, D-Calif.; Mac Collins, R-Ga.; Bob
Goodlatte, R-Va.; Jay Inslee, R-Wash.; and Paul Gillmor, R-Ohio.

Their travel in January was paid by an arm of the Electronic Industries
Alliance, which spent $ 560,000 for lobbying last year.

* Hagel was the featured speaker at the American Bankers Association's
conference in Orlando, Fla., in February. The expenses included $ 2,747 for
three nights at the Cypress Grand Hyatt for Hagel and his wife.

Peter Blocklin, lobbyist for the group, said the association rented a suite
"like we do for all members (of Congress). It was the peak season."

The bankers association spent $ 4.6 million in lobbying last year. Hagel
received $ 58,000 in donations from banking interests in 1997-98.

* The New York Stock Exchange and Merrill Lynch jointly paid the $ 341 bill for
a night's stay for each of 13 congressional staffers who visited the exchange
this year.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - Sen. Chuck Hagel, R-Neb., shown in
this 1998 photo, and his wife were put up in a $ 900-a-night suite in Orlando,
Fla., in February by a banking group. Hagel is a member of the Senate Banking
Committee.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Designate a Devil's Advocate

BYLINE: By ADAM BRYANT.

Each week, Adam Bryant talks with top executives about leadership. Follow him on
Twitter: @nytcorneroffice. This interview has been edited for space and clarity.

SECTION: Section BU; Column 0; Money and Business/Financial Desk; CORNER OFFICE;
Pg. 2

LENGTH: 859 words


This interview with Kevin E. Lofton, chief executive of Catholic Health
Initiatives, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant.

Q. Were you in leadership roles when you were younger?

A. A lot of what I learned from an early age was around influence. I was
involved in a lot of things. I ran track in high school, and I also played piano
and competitive chess. I think people generally always looked at me as a leader,
and I felt like I was having influence. People wanted to know what I had to say.

I didn't have a lot of formal leadership positions, though I was class vice
president in my sophomore year of high school, during the same year that Supreme
Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor was the class president.

Tell me about your parents.

My father was an electrician. He worked two jobs when we were young. My mom was
a dental assistant during most of my years growing up. She later went back to
school and became a dental hygienist.

My grandmother in Texas was a big influence on us, too. She was a domestic, but
she was a fighter. Needless to say, it was segregated down in Texas at the time,
and the street my grandparents lived on when I was little still had ditches. My
grandmother led the civic effort to get the streets paved.

Another influential person was the dentist my mother worked for. He treated us
like we were his children, and a lot of the exposure that I got to things at an
early age came through his influence. His wife, for instance, was a bass cellist
in the symphony orchestra, and we would go to concerts at Lincoln Center. He
actually paid for me to go to the music school that his children were in. We
played in Carnegie Hall and New York World's Fair.

What was your first management role?

My first hospital job was as an emergency department administrator in
Jacksonville, Fla. At the time, it was the seventh-busiest emergency department
in the country. I was probably 24 and straight out of grad school. I had a staff
of about 250 people.

That's a big jump. How did you handle it?

I realized that a big part of my job was to help people see the ultimate value
of the job they do. It was also about looking at what needed to be done and not
accepting any excuses. This was a county hospital, the kind of place where
sometimes people accept mediocrity. I moved up rapidly because I didn't accept
that, and I got things done.

At the end of the day, people really want to do the right thing. I saw my job as
removing barriers and then celebrating successes. I also brought people into the
process. When you bring staff into a meeting and you talk to them about the
things we can do to improve, and then you actually act on their ideas and they
see that their input made a difference, people will follow you.

You also have to be able to relate to people, and not look down on them or talk
down to them. I may have a title, but that's not the reason that we need to do
this. We're here to do A, B and C. Here's the way you can help with that. What
suggestions do you have to make it better? Those are the secrets to success.

Were you ever nervous about all that responsibility at such a young age?

An early mentor of mine said something to me when I was going to a new job:
''Don't worry. It's just another dog and pony show.'' That really stayed with
me. When you're taking on another new challenge, you just take a couple of deep
breaths and say, ''You can do this. It's just another dog and pony show.''

What's unusual about the culture of your current company?

In our senior management meetings, we appoint a designated devil's advocate, as
we call it. So if we're discussing a critical issue, we'll appoint someone --
and the role rotates -- to be the devil's advocate, no matter what their
personal point of view is. That helps you avoid groupthink.

How do you hire?

I start with the ''why'' -- why are you here, why would this role fit into your
career path, and why are you interested in coming to our organization? I then
focus on the ''what'' -- what are the things that you've done that relate to
what you might do here, and what are your ideas for how you can help us?

And then I move to the ''how,'' and that's where character comes in. How do you
do business? Somebody might be a cardiovascular surgeon who is going to put a
lot of money on our bottom line, but if they yell at nurses in the operating
room, then we don't want them.

What kind of advice do you give to new college grads?

I give a lot of talks to students, and I usually close the sessions with this
advice: They should take a blank sheet of paper and an envelope, write down a
goal of something that they want to do over the coming year, then seal it.
Nobody's ever going to see this except you, I tell them -- it's not for your
teachers; it's not for your parents; it's just for yourself.

Then a year later, you take it out and grade yourself on whether you worked
toward that goal, and then you set a new goal for the next year. It's really
just to get them in the habit of looking at the things they need to work on,
setting a personal goal and then seeing how they've done against that goal. I
still do this myself every year.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/09/business/kevin-e-lofton-of-catholic-health-ini
tiatives-designate-a-devils-advocate.html

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Kevin E. Lofton: C.E.O. of Catholic Health Initiatives
(PHOTOGRAPH BY HILARY SWIFT/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            December 9, 2011 Friday
                                 Final EDITION

Open ears From The Doors to stride piano, Winston's influences far-reaching

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 853  words


DURHAM - Pianist, composer and arranger George Winston got pegged in the 1980s
as a "New Age" composer - a meaningless marketing label that does not do him
justice.

It implies that Winston is nothing more than a pianist who plays pretty, but not
very enticing, melodies. Closer listening and reading reveal far more substance
to his music.

Listen to the 1982 recording "December," one of his early recordings which
helped make his reputation, and you hear wide-ranging influences. In his liner
notes to a 2010 reissue on CD, Winston in his discussions of each piece mentions
traditional folk melodies, J.S. Bach, jazz trumpeter Alfred S. Burt and film
composer Dominic Frontiere's influences on his compositions. On his 2010 release
"Love Will Come: The Music of Vince Guaraldi Vol. 2," Winston puts his stamp on
his arrangements to some of the familiar tunes of Guaraldi, best known for his
music for the "Charlie Brown" TV specials.

Winston, who has played at the Carolina Theatre in years past, will return to
the venue Thursday for a solo piano concert. Winston, who called the Durham area
"one of the most musical places on the planet," spoke about some of his
influences and new projects by phone as he was making his way from Londonderry,
N.H., to Sellersville, Pa.

Winston grew up listening to the rock 'n' roll and rhythm and blues of the 1960s
(The Doors remain a major influence). In 1971, he began playing piano after he
heard records by stride pianists like Teddy Wilson and "Fats" Waller. Since the
late 1970s, he has been listening closely and trying to understand the work of
the New Orleans-based R&B piano players - namely Professor Longhair (Roy Byrd),
James Booker and Henry Butler.

In his listening and studying, he tries to understand bits and pieces of their
solos, and to incorporate what they did in his compositions and interpretations
- but without trying to be those artists. He compared the process to learning
the recipe for a good soup, "then you end up adding your own things to the
soup," Winston said. "I want to know how to do that [passage] so I can know how
to use it."

He has spent years trying to understand the music of Professor Longhair. "I'm

see ears/page D3

just coming to terms with it now after 32 years," he said. Dr. John (another
influence on Winston) also was influenced by Longhair, he said. "You go through
Professor Longhair, you go through that inspiration, just like everybody who
plays country music goes through Hank Williams sometime," Winston said.

Winston is mostly self-taught as a pianist and arranger. He had some lessons in
theory from a jazz pianist after graduating high school. His abilities as an
arranger have come mostly from listening to recordings, he said. His first
arrangement came in the summer of 1968, when he was a member of a four-piece
band, and fell in love with the first album by Blood, Sweat and Tears, "Child is
Father to the Man," produced by Al Kooper.

Winston wanted to play the songs from that record, and set about trying to
re-create the sound of Blood, Sweat and Tears' large ensemble for a small group.
From that first experience, he began to listen and "try to learn everything I
can that somebody's doing, and maybe throw it all away," he said. Arrangements
of another composer's work are not direct copies, but have to "live and
breathe," he said. He cites Guaraldi's piece "Skating" as one of the few times
when he played the original solo pretty much as is, without much change or
improvisation.

In 2002, Winston released "Night Divides the Day: The Music of The Doors,"
drawing on a longtime love of the sound of that band. He was first attracted to
Ray Manzarek's organ playing for the band, but was intrigued by their overall
sound. When he bought the band's first album, "I put it on. I said \x85 this is
the greatest thing I ever heard. I have to get in a band."

He compares his piano playing to a combination of James Booker's influence in
his left hand, and Jim Morrison's expression in his right. Morrison "crooned and
roared" as a singer, he said. "They were more than the sum of the parts," he
said of The Doors. "It's hard to describe. Like anything that gets you in life,
you can break it down, but that doesn't explain it."

His website lists diverse composers who influence him. One of them is songwriter
Laura Nyro. "I've tried many of her things, but boy are they hard to do," he
said. He has an arrangement of her composition "He's a Runner." He arranged
Frank Zappa's "Peaches and Regalia. Other influences he lists are Abdullah
Ibrahim, Milt Jackson, Sam Cooke and Curtis Mayfield. Winston also plays
harmonica, and is recording the masters of Hawaiian Slack Key guitar style, a
fingerstyle guitar tradition of Hawaii.

On this tour, Winston is asking audiences to bring canned goods for a local food
bank, and he is donating proceeds from merchandise sales to food banks.

In 2006, he recorded "Gulf Coast Blues & Impressions: A Hurricane Relief
Benefit" for victims of Katrina. In that vein, he will release a new recording
next year as a benefit to the Occupy movement, and its emphasis on nonviolent
change, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 14, 2004 Sunday
                                 DuPage Edition

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; The public record; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1396 words


A compilation of DuPage County Circuit Court proceedings of Feb. 6-12.

Felonies

William A. Badendick, 53, 1943 Hitchcock, Downers Grove. Driving while license
suspended/revoked second offense suspension for DUI/leaving the scene of
accident: guilty; 30 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $694.

Thomas M. Baier, 26, 7 Langford Court, Bolingbrook. Theft: case dropped. Driving
while license suspended: case dropped. Receive, possess or sell stolen motor
vehicle: guilty; 6 years imprisonment, court costs/fines, $415.

Benjamin D. Biancofiori, 24, 4711 St. Joseph Creek, Lisle. Retail theft: guilty;
18 months probation, court costs/fines, $705.

Timothy G. Bigott, 39, 125 E. Naperville Road, Westmont. Driving under the
influence of alcohol and/or drugs for third or subsequent time: case dropped.
Driving under the influence on suspended or revoked license: guilty; 26 months
imprisonment, court costs/fines, $455. Driving while license suspended/revoked
second offense suspension for DUI/leaving the scene of accident: case dropped.

David R. Brown, 20, 1521 Kenyon Drive, Naperville. Driving under the influence
on suspended or revoked license: case dropped. Driving while license suspended:
guilty; court costs/fines, $455. Possess fraudulent drivers license or permit:
case dropped. Display or possess canceled, revoked or suspended license or
permit: case dropped. Possession of drug paraphernalia: guilty; court
costs/fines, $155.

Keisha S. Bullock, 27, 4117 W. Van Buren, Chicago. Theft: guilty; 3 years
imprisonment, court costs/fines, $460.

Curtis L. Childs, 33, 449 S. Edison Ave., South Bend, Ind. Obstructing justice:
guilty; 180 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $575. Forgery: case dropped.
Obstructing justice: case dropped.

Lynn M. Driscoll, 44, 224 N. Freemont, Naperville. Deception-bad check: guilty;
30 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $530.

Michael J. Eden, 42, 207 N. Troy Lane, Lombard. Possession of controlled
substance: case dropped. Possession of drug paraphernalia: case dropped.

Darron L. Epps, 31, 1658 Walnut Park Lane, Aurora. Forgery: case dropped.
Obstructing justice: guilty; 60 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $400.
Driving with license revoked: guilty; 60 days imprisonment, court costs/fines,
$150. Transportation or possession of open alcohol by driver: case dropped.
Driver required to wear seat belts: case dropped.

Jose L. Espinosa, 30, 3028 Bar Harbour, Naperville. Obstructing justice: guilty;
70 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $444. Driving while license
suspended/revoked second offense suspension for DUI/leaving the scene of
accident: guilty; 70 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $215. Driving without
license plate light: case dropped.

Marco A. Flores, 32, 559 Gregory, Glendale Heights. Manufacture or deliver
100-400 grams of substance containing cocaine: guilty; 11 years imprisonment,
court costs/fines, $8,965. Manufacture or deliver 15-100 grams of substance
containing cocaine: case dropped.

Robert L. Garland, 32, 1465 S. 71st, West Allis, Wis. Theft: guilty; 30 days
imprisonment.

Dominic M. Iannino, 18, 1028 S. Fairview Ave., Lombard. Possess firearm with no
valid ID card: case dropped. Possession of handgun by a minor: case dropped.
Defacing identification marks on firearms: guilty; 30 months probation, court
costs/fines, $1,010. Theft: guilty; 24 months probation, court costs/fines,
$170. Criminal trespass to residence: case dropped. Criminal trespass to
vehicles: case dropped.

William G. Illsley, 55, 5740 Concord, Clarendon Hills. Use an eavesdropping
device to hear or record conversion: guilty; 24 months probation, court
costs/fines, $3,840.

Adam J. Jowers, 22, 10S473 Echo Lane, Hinsdale. Residential burglary: guilty; 96
months imprisonment, court costs/fines, $460.

Eddie C. Larry, 35, 802 S. 3rd Ave., Maywood. Obstructing justice: guilty; 3
years imprisonment, court costs/fines, $460. Driving with license revoked: case
dropped. Speeding over statutory limit 15-20: case dropped.

Misdemeanors

Gregory J. Balsky, 33, 5700 Hillcrest, Lisle. Battery - make physical contact of
an insulting or provoking nature: guilty; court costs/fines, $209.

Samuel J. Banuelos, 21, 5233 Curtiss Lane, Hanover Park. Reckless driving:
guilty; 304 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $145. Fleeing or attempting to
elude police officer in motor vehicle: guilty; 304 days imprisonment, court
costs/fines, $145. No valid drivers license: guilty; 180 days imprisonment,
court costs/fines, $125. Criminal trespass to residence: guilty; 304 days
imprisonment, court costs/fines, $165.

David A. Beard, 20, 5548 Lyman Ave., Downers Grove. Possession of 10-30 grams of
marijuana: case dropped. Possession of drug paraphernalia: case dropped.

Roger J. Berton, 33, 1003 Argyle St., Bensenville. Battery - make physical
contact of an insulting or provoking nature: guilty; court costs/fines, $160.

Kevin R. Brend, 17, 812 E. Wilson, Lombard. Retail theft: case dropped.

Joseph W. Brick, 22, 2125 Stonne, Arlington Heights. Theft: case dropped.

Jonathan E. Brockmeyer, 24, 1039 E. Adams Drive, Lombard. Deception-bad check:
guilty; court costs/fines, $230.

Patrick E. Bryant, 19, 16W705 Mockingbird, Willowbrook. Criminal trespass to
vehicles: guilty; court costs/fines, $337.

Bryan M. Carlin, 23, 14675 Fairlane Drive, Schaumburg. Possession of drug
paraphernalia: guilty; court costs/fines, $165. Driving with license revoked:
guilty; 10 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $145.

Henry L. Caston Jr., 49, 1372 W. 79th St., Chicago. Theft by deception: guilty;
116 days imprisonment.

Chad A. Clay, 25, 849 Heatherbrook Court, Wheaton. Possession of 10-30 grams of
marijuana: guilty; court costs/fines, $535.

Eric J. Conte-Russian, 25, 16731 W. Basil Road, Lockport. Harassment by
telephone: guilty; 114 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $130.

Zachary E. Cunniff, 25, 7214 Bentley Ave., Darien. Battery - make physical
contact of an insulting or provoking nature: guilty; 12 months conditional
discharge, court costs/fines, $251.

Mary L. Daniels, 42, 4814 W. Van Buren St., Chicago. Criminal damage to
property: case dropped.

Steven R. Doherty, 22, 7211 Sprucewood Ave., Woodridge. Retail theft: guilty; 20
days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $165.

Donna L. Ducay, 48, 210 Pleasant, Elk Grove Village. Harassment by telephone:
case dropped.

James W. Eby, 22, 4231 S. Maple St., Stickney. Drag racing prohibited: guilty;
court costs/fines, $365. Trespass to land after notice that entry is forbidden:
case dropped. Improper use of evidences of registration or certificate of title:
case dropped.

Ronald J. Edwards, 50, 1509 N. Pulaski, Chicago. Disorderly conduct-breach of
peace: guilty; 30 days imprisonment, court costs/fines, $130.

Daseon L. Evans, 19, 764 Inland Circle, Naperville. Retail theft: case dropped.

Joseph G. Evans, 17, 1021 Springinsguth Road, Schaumburg. Criminal trespass to
vehicles: guilty; court costs/fines, $230. Possession or consumption of alcohol
by a minor: case dropped.

Jane K. Eygenhuysien, 39, 2966 Peachtree Circle, Aurora. Retail theft: guilty;
12 months probation, court costs/fines, $165.

Luis G. Flores, 19, 536 E. Wildwood, Villa Park. Retail theft: case dropped.

Ted A. Francis, 37, 159 Founders Pointe, Bloomingdale. Criminal damage to
property: case dropped. Disorderly conduct-breach of peace: case dropped.

Stephen G. Gatses, 19, 14459 W. Gates Lane, Lockport. Possession of 2.5-10 grams
of marijuana: guilty; court costs/fines, $325. Possession of drug paraphernalia:
case dropped.

Gregory A. Gustafson, 26, 603 Edward, Naperville. Resisting or obstructing a
police officer: guilty; court costs/fines, $230.

Delano L. Hale, 26, 27W439 Chartwell Drive, Winfield. Sexual exploitation of a
child - engage in sexual act: case dropped.

Andrew W. Herzog, 19, 3112 White Eagle Drive, Naperville. Possess fictitious or
altered drivers license or permit: case dropped. Obstructing justice: guilty;
court costs/fines, $130. Possession or consumption of alcohol by a minor:
guilty; court costs/fines, $130.

Jeremy J. Hogan, 18, 115 E. Maple, Lombard. Criminal damage to property: guilty;
court costs/fines, $230. Resisting or obstructing a police officer: case
dropped.

Melvin T. Jackson, 36, 575 W. Madison, Chicago. Possession of 2.5-10 grams of
marijuana: guilty; 180 days imprisonment.

Sameen E. Johnson, 24, 1N233 Gary Ave., Carol Stream. Driving while license
suspended: guilty; 180 days imprisonment.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 8, 1989, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

IN NFL, LOSERS OFTEN ARE THE BIG WINNERS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1160 words


Investigative reporter Dan E. Moldea's forthcoming book, ''Interference: How
Organized Crime Influences Professional Football,'' will suggest that the Mob
has fixed or attempted to fix many National Football League games.  The book
claims that 26 current or former NFL owners had ties to organized crime or
illegal gambling.  That is pretty alarming stuff.  But this reporter is getting
a whiff of a bigger stink. Several NFL owners seem to be taking a dive to reap
huge financial rewards from cities desperate for pro football.  This is a goofy
theory, but then the NFL has become a goofy league.  Consider the strange
journey of the Oakland/Los Angeles/Irwindale Raiders, an organization once
considered a paragon of success. Why would Al Davis choose slugs Marc Wilson,
Rusty Hilger, Vince Evans, Steve Beuerlein and the befuddled Jay Schroeder as
quarterbacks?  Maybe the heartless (Corporate) Raiders are just weaseling their
way out of the Los Angeles Coliseum so they can get a better deal elsewhere.
Why would the Colts trot out Hilgeresque quarterbacks Mike Pagel and Mark
Herrmann in 1983? They were breakfast food for the rest of the NFL, Pagel and
cream cheese. Perhaps they were unwitting pawns in owner Robert Irsay's master
plan to scatter Baltimore fans so he could sneak the Colts to Indianapolis.  Why
would the Cardinals waste high draft picks on losers such as John Lee, Anthony
Bell and Clyde Duncan? Perhaps owner Bill Bidwill was trying to trim attendance
and earn sympathy from other owners, who readily sanctioned his lucrative move
from St. Louis to Phoenix. Why would Tampa Bay fail to sign megastar Bo Jackson,
then make dimly-lit quarterback Vinny Testaverde senselessly rich? Why would
owner Hugh Culverhouse embrace hapless coach Ray Perkins, who has a 32-56 NFL
record? Maybe Culverhouse deliberately is building a Mickey Mouse team so he can
move the Buccaneers to Orlando. As winners of just 21 of their last 95 games,
they would fit Central Florida's amusement theme perfectly.  Don't laugh. Losing
is a proven method of making money in the NFL.  Civic leaders in Oakland are
offering the Raiders $32 million in guarantees to come back. Their upcoming
exhibition game in the Oakland Coliseum sold out in 2 1/2 hours, the Oakland
Tribune is churning out a 48-page special on the game and folks are clamoring
for ''Return of the Raiders'' T-shirts.  Meanwhile, the folks at the LA Coliseum
are promising stadium improvements to keep the Raiders. The LA suburb of
Irwindale would have custom-built them a stadium had it found a lender.  Why are
three municipalities on their knees begging for a team that went 20-27 the last
three seasons?  For the same reason Phoenix lavished riches on Bidwill for
leaving St.  Louis and Indianapolis gave the disaster-prone Irsay the keys to
the expansive Hoosier Dome.  It literally doesn't pay to win.  Just going to the
Super Bowl in style - with all the necessary family and friends - costs
organizations a small fortune. Teams with tight budgets might be better off just
watching the spectacle on television.  Successful teams suffer more contract
hassles than doormats. Just ask National Football Conference titans such as the
Minnesota Vikings, San Francisco 49ers and New York Giants; their payrolls are
skyrocketing.  The Cincinnati Benga ls, a team with a lean staff (like the
Cardinals) and a small stadium (like Busch) went to the Super Bowl and earned,
by NFL standards, modest income.  Given the mixed-up motivations spurring NFL
owners, one wonders what will come next.  Keep an eye on the Atlanta Falcons,
chronic losers who ensured further futility by not firing coach Marion Campbell,
who has a career 31-71-1 NFL coaching record.  In the supplemental draft, the
Falcons merely shrugged when promising quarterback Steve Walsh became available.
Maybe they are just easing their load for a move to Memphis.  That's a stupid
rumor, but the NFL has become a stupid league.  Speaking of migration, the
Gridbirds figure to move again in a few years.  Season-ticket sales are down,
apathy is up and quarterback Neil Lomax's decision to keep playing raises
suspicion that a fix is in.  The poor fellow has use of only one leg. If he
quarterbacks the team, the Gridbirds surely will limp to another abysmal season.
Then revenues will decline and Bidwill would feel obligated to shop for a better
deal.  Jacksonville, which has fallen behind Jupiter in the NFL expansion race,
might be willing to offer him $32 million to flee Phoenix. Who knows, St.  Louis
might offer him $32 million to come back if we get stuck with a pricey, vacant
downtown domed stadium.  As long as NFL teams lose, good things happen to them.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

Former Del Norte DA arrested Thursday night

BYLINE: Times-Standard

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 475 words


The Times-Standard

Former Del Norte County District Attorney Mike Riese, 48, was arrested Thursday
night in Crescent City for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

According to the California Highway Patrol in Crescent City, a 911 call was
placed around 5 p.m. by a driver who stated the motorist in front of them was
driving erratically. The 911 dispatch center sent out officers with the Crescent
City Police Department to track down the vehicle.

CHP Lt. David Peterson, Crescent City area commander, said CCPD officials
stopped Riese in front of Y Liquors on U.S. Highway 101 at 5:08 p.m. He said the
CCPD called the CHP to have them send out an officer trained in drug detection
to administer a field sobriety test.

"He was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of a drug,"
Peterson said.

Peterson said Riese was transported by CHP to their main office, where a more
extensive evaluation was conducted. He said it's easier to detect the presence
of drugs in a controlled setting, instead of on the side of the highway.

CHP officers determined they believed Riese was under the influence of drugs and
transported him to Sutter Coast Hospital, where a blood test was administered.
Peterson said the results of the blood test could take a few weeks, as the
sample was sent to the Department of Justice in Eureka for testing.

After the blood test, Riese was taken to the Del Norte County jail where he was
booked on suspicion of violating the vehicle code by driving under the influence
of alcohol or drugs, Peterson said. He was also booked on suspicion of violating
the health and safety code by being under the influence of a controlled
substance.

Riese was acquitted on similar charges in February after standing trial for
about a week. He faced misdemeanor charges of driving under the influence,
public intoxication and two counts of child endangerment stemming from an Aug.
22, 2011, incident in which he was reportedly caught behaving erratically on
surveillance cameras at a Safeway in Crescent City.

Criminal charges have also been filed against Riese in Oregon, where he was
cited in December for allegedly forging a prescription for the narcotic fentanyl
at the Chetco Pharmacy in Brookings, Ore. He faces two counts of felony
tampering with drug records and two counts of second-degree forgery, a
misdemeanor.

Officials in Coos and Curry counties in Oregon were unable to determine Riese's
next court date when contacted today. Oregon's Coos County District Attorney
Paul Frasier is prosecuting the case and is unavailable until Monday. Frasier
took over the case after Curry County District Attorney Everett Dial declared
his office had a conflict with the case, as it had worked with Riese numerous
times in the past.

Riese was the DA in Del Norte for two terms before voters ousted him in the June
2010 primary election.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Russia: North Ossetian mufti speaks about conflicts, US influence in Caucasus

LENGTH: 314 words


The mufti of North Ossetia, Khadzhimurat Gatsalov, has said that conflicts in
the Caucasus have never carried a "religious" character and have been motivated
by other factors. Gatsalov also said the USA was trying to gain influence in the
region and added that Russia should take "responsive measures". The statements
were made in Gatsalov's interview to the Regnum news agency on 29 January.

Gatsalov said that Turkey and Iran were important players trying to influence
South Caucasus countries, such as Armenia and Azerbaijan, but added that more
importantly, it was the USA that was trying to gain control over the countries
in the region using NATO as an "instrument".

"Of course, the USA and NATO as an instrument for implementing American policy
dominate as a separate project among the listed. It [USA] has an unlimited
desire to become an omnipotent dictator of the world order," Gatsalov said.

He added that Russia was a "historical" ally of the Caucasus.

"The Caucasus and Russia and their historical union was and continues to be
beneficial for all parties wanting good neighbourhood. Breaking up these ties is
not beneficial for anyone. The times, which brought regions to discord, to
variant readings of many aspects, are passing. The time has come to create and
if a mistake is made when choosing a partner for further development, problems
may arise," Gatsalov said.

"I can illustrate the hypothetical possibility of clashes between Christians and
Muslims on the example of Georgia. It borders with Dagestan, Chechnya,
Ingushetia and North Ossetia. During the Chechen war and events in Dagestan, no
clashes occurred with Orthodox Christian Georgia. Moreover, rebel troops felt
themselves quite comfortable in Georgia and while resting in training camps,
felt care from the Georgian authorities," Gatsalov added.

Source: Regnum news agency, Moscow, in Russian 1347gmt 29 Jan 14

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

YOUR VIEWS - LETTERS FROM OUR READERS OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1295 words

DATELINE: 0


Missouri's open influence peddling by special interests smells bad

Lobbyists and influence peddlers can openly give our legislators tickets, food,
wine and who knows what else, and they can give with impunity because the
receivers in the past made it legal ("Lobbyist gifts to lawmakers are rampant -
and legal," Aug. 4)?

I simply am amazed that our lawmakers take bribes unabashedly and expect us to
think it doesn't influence the way they vote. Or they don't care what we think
and laugh while they gobble and drink. My 22-year-old son told me he thought we
were living in remarkable times with the open graft and influence-peddling by
special interests. I told him he was wrong, that our legislators were statesmen
and above that sort of thing. I guess I was wrong.

I was brought up by practical parents. They taught me, among other things, that
if it walked like a duck, quacked like a duck and looked like a duck, it
probably was a duck. I'll add one more thought: if it smells bad, it probably is
bad.

Thomas Kennedy - Sullivan, Mo.

Will we ever learn?

As I sat down with the Post-Dispatch Aug. 5, when our nation still is trying to
recover from the Aurora, Colo., shootings. I turned to page A3 to view the
pictures of the Murch family funeral at the St. Louis Basilica, victims of a
tragic shooting.

I then turn to page A13 to see a full-page, "in your face" advertisement for
"Glock Days" at a local firearms dealer.

Will we ever learn?

Liz Dunn - Lake Saint Louis

The other

I hope U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., and her ilk of ignorant hate mongers
have as much trouble getting the blood of the massacred Sikhs off their hands as
Lady Macbeth did ridding herself of the king's. They have created a climate in
which violence against "the other" is tacitly encouraged and approved. Surely
there is not a more peaceful and compassionate people on the face of the earth
than the Sikhs, in contrast with all the major religious groups from Judaism to
Christianity to fundamentalist Islam, all of which are steeped in the blood of
those who have been victims of their narrow dogma and insufferable claims of
having a monopoly on "truth."

And now we have "Christian" legislators in Missouri (and elsewhere) who would
further curtail the dissemination of actual truth that contradicts students'
religious misconceptions.

Dorris Paolo - Wildwood

Spewing hate

I support and applaud Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy in his comments about
traditional marriage between a man and a woman. His critics are saying that he
should keep his views to himself. If they really believe that then they should
keep their views to themselves. Also, they should keep their homosexual
activities behind closed door and not subject us and our children to them.
Congress can make all the laws it wishes and the president can say what he wants
to, but that doesn't change God's law.

When Christians state our views, which are based on Bible truths, we are
considered to be full of hate, but it is our critics who spew words of hate.

Edward J. "Jack" Deckerd - Perryville, Mo.

Warping the truth

Regarding "So much for Tolerance" (Aug. 2) Colleen Carroll Campbell persists in
warping the truth about both sides in today's marriage debate. I am a gay man
who supports all marriage between two consenting adults. Fighting for LGBT
rights is only a game of "offense" and "defense" to homophobic bigots who see
the concerns of gays and straights as opposed. If Dan Cathy felt how I feel, I'd
gobble down as many chicken sandwiches as my belly could hold.

My position requires nothing of the "defenders of traditional marriage." It
doesn't require that Mr. Cathy marry a man, Ms. Campbell marry a woman or either
of their "traditional" marriages to change. Their position, however, requires me
and my partner of 15 years to continue to live without the protections that the
institution of marriage bestows. They are more than entitled, legally, to spew
their paranoid bile, as is any hate group. But they shouldn't cry victim when
facing backlash against destructive meanness.

My intolerance with the "defenders of traditional marriage" concerns the
Biblical white sheet they draw over their faux-sanctimonious heads to veil - you
said it, Ms. Campbell - "hateful, homophobic bigotry." Ms. Campbell defends
gay-hating small-business owners who "choose" not to work with LGBT clients,
missing the perfect equivalence with all-white establishments that were normal
in the segregation-era south. Their positions are to the gay rights movement
what the Ku Klux Klan's were to the civil rights movement.

Bradley Fratello - St. Louis

More than belief

The coverage of the controversy over Chick-fil-A and its owner Dan Cathy's
opposition to same-sex marriage ignores the crucial issue. No one believes that
Mr. Cathy doesn't have the right to express his beliefs. And if it was only
about his beliefs, there would be little brouhaha. The issue is that Chick-fil-A
and Mr. Cathy fund the foundation Win-Shape, which gives millions of dollars to
organizations that actively fight against granting same-sex marriage rights in
states where it is up for debate. This spring, Mr. Cathy denied that his
organization was involved in any kind of political action. He's still denying
that.

The other issue is that the organizations Mr. Cathy supports financially not
only oppose same-sex marriage but promote lies, untruths, exaggerations and
outright venom in their demonization of gay people and their families. This
moves beyond religious freedom and even freedom of speech. These organizations
oppose any government action that legitimizes gay people's rights to take their
place in society. The so-called "anti-gay blacklist" created by GLAAD that
Colleen Carroll Campbell writes about in "So much for tolerance" (Aug. 2) is a
collection of venomous quotes from the leaders of these anti-gay organizations
so that their words speak for themselves.

This is not about reasoned debate and the right to disagree. It is about the
public's right not to support a business that actively works to suppress the
rights of some people to marry, raise families and take care of each other with
dignity and respect.

Dean Rosen - St. Louis County President, St. Louis Parents, Families and Friends
of Lesbians and Gays

Entitled to answer

Regarding Dana Milbank's "Food fight" (July 27): The bullying and discrimination
in the Chick-fil-A controversy is all on one side. The victim here is the
Chick-fil-A president, Dan Cathy. Mr. Cathy is entitled to give a polite, honest
answer to a question without being harassed. What happened to tolerance?

Jerry Jacobsmeyer - St. Louis

The legislative process

If Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., believes former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney
hasn't paid income tax for 10 years, why doesn't he report it to the Internal
Revenue Service? If Mr. Romney hasn't filed a return (unlikely), which is what
Mr. Reid is implying, then Mr. Romney would be moving to the Big House, not the
White House. If Mr. Romney has filed returns, but his tax bill has been $0 and
the deductions were compliant with the tax code, the returns would be nobody's
business but Mr. Romney's and his wife's (true of any future presidential
candidate).

There's a process with which Mr. Reid is familiar. It's the great American
legislative process. If he thinks sharing tax returns with the entire world
should be a requirement for becoming President of the United States, he should
begin the process in the Senate. And while he's at it, he might consider the
same requirement for senators and congressmen. (It may be more appropriate for
those returns to be made public for their years in office plus the next five
years because congressmen and senators leave Washington significantly wealthier
than when they arrived.)

Larry Steinman - Chesterfield

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 596 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Kootenai County sheriff

Duane Pratt, Coeur d'Alene, reported Sunday the $11,011 theft of a 2001 Dodge
pickup containing two firearms from Curley's Lounge, 26433 N. state Highway 53
in Hauser Lake.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Penny Friedlander

Zakariah L. Archer, 19, Post Falls; petty theft; $100 fine, 60 days in jail or
(40 days suspended, 230 days credited), six months probation.

Judge James Stow

Debra J. Hines, 46, Newman Lake, Wash.; petty theft; $200 fine, 90 days in jail
(75 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, one year probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Joseph H. Few, 29, Sandpoint; inattentive driving; $300 fine, 30 days in jail
(25 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Alicia D. Dellinger, 34, Dalton Gardens; driving under the influence
(excessive); $1,000 fine, one year in jail (320 days suspended) or 40 hours
county work program, one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Charles W. May III, 23, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

Shad D. Barnhart, 42, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (172 days suspended) or 32 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Ghanem Y. Alhawwas, 25, Missoula, Mont.; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county
work program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Civil complaints

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Robert and Kimberly Frisk, seeking $2,566.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. James Anderson Sr. and Coleen Anderson,
seeking $2,005.

Mountain West Bank v. Idaho Fence Co. and Eli and Tamijo Stinger, seeking an
amount to be proved at trial.

Civil judgments

Chase Bank USA v. Susan Lund, plaintiff awarded $15,339.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Clarence and Jody Frank, plaintiff awarded
$5,292.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Christiane Swartz, plaintiff awarded $6,462.

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Marilyn Mitchell, plaintiff awarded $5,295.

Twelve Ten Tavern Inc. v. Jerry Q and Malvern Quass, plaintiff awarded $43,321.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Victor Woolever and Georgia Woolever, aka Georgia
Trusty, plaintiff awarded $5,230.

Hi Hyun Paschall v. He Ran Lee, Byung Il Lee and Joung Ja Lee, plaintiff awarded
$39,004.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Matthew Hazelton, plaintiff awarded $1,069.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Ashley Millar, plaintiff awarded $4,821.

John Whelan PC v. Susan Miller, plaintiff awarded $2,091.

Cavalry Portfolio Services LLC v. William Coumerilh, plaintiff awarded $1,420.

Discover Bank v. Terry Steiner, plaintiff awarded $8,484.

Discover Bank v. Dean Whitney, plaintiff awarded $6,267.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Curtis Russworm and Darcy Russworm, aka Darcy
Carroll, plaintiff awarded $6,373.

Civil dismissals

Capital One Bank v. Radelina Peltier.

Peterson Enterprises Inc. v. Brian Zimmerman.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lorelei Kelley.

Capital One Bank v. Cami Kemp.

Capital One Bank v. Jason Fortune.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Terry Thomas and Anna Thomas.

Discover Bank v. Wiggy Doore.

Divorces sought

Jayd H. Blue from Corina M. Blue.

Clinton J. Winkelkotter from Jessica L. Nanamkin.

Divorces granted

Donald L. Nolan Jr. from Helma M. Nolan.

Teena Frank from David Frank.

Amy Laursen from Brandon J. Laursen.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday
                                Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 581 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases July 15-30

James E. Ahearn, 20, Amherst, minor possessing liquor, $200, jail 10 days.

Jesse N. Baker, 24, Fort Lauderdale, Fla., operating vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $650, license suspended 90 days.

Theresa B. Begley, 44, Trenton, allowing dog to be at large, $50.

Travis Berube, 21, Eliot, allowing minor to possess or consume liquor,
dismissed.

Crystal N. Bird, 25, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Anthony Bray, no age listed, Deer Isle, failing to attach deer tag to deer,
$100; using artificial light to illuminate wild animals, $250.

Alyssa Brown, 23, Bar Harbor, violating condition of release, jail 48 hours.

Heaven D. Brown, 25, Surry, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Michael B. Brown, 33, Stonington, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500.

Reginald T. Bunker, 28, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500.

Brian Burch, 22, Bar Harbor, violating condition of release, jail four days.

Ashley R. Cloak, 18, Trenton, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Donald J. Closson, 37, Stonington, violating condition of release, jail five
days.

Christopher Cook, 20, Dedham, driving to endanger, $575, license suspended 90
days.

Jeffrey Cote Jr., 23, Sorrento, negotiating worthless instrument, $150.

Enid M. Cox, 50, Ellsworth, five counts negotiating worthless instrument,
dismissed.

Jacqueline E. Danico, 24, Ellsworth, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended three years.

Ryan W. Daugherty, 25, Sedgwick, disorderly conduct, dismissed.

Alejandro Davila, 46, Corpus Christi, Texas, domestic violence assault, $300,
jail 10 days.

Jessica A. Davis, 28, Concord, N.H., operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $650, license suspended 90 days.

Sherman E. Davis, 54, Hancock, outdoors burning violation, $50.

Rachel Dunham, 26, Bar Harbor, attaching false plates, $150.

Irving S. Eaton, 52, Sedgwick, burning prohibited material, $100.

Ralph E. Fahringer, 58, Ellsworth, disorderly conduct, $150, restitution $200.

Clark Fountain, 18, Southwest Harbor, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $250.

Ronald L. Garner, 36, Lamoine, possessing marijuana, $350.

Walker R. Gaspar, 21, Deer Isle, engaging in activities while license suspended,
$100.

Sarah B. Gerrish, no age listed, Bangor, failing to display ATV registration
numbers, $100.

David Gifford, 59, Stockton Springs, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months; operating
vehicle while license suspended or revoked, $500.

Victor A. Giorgi Jr., 24, Orrington, operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $500, jail 48 hours.

Byron L. Grant, 26, Skowhegan, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, $250,
restitution $9.

Ronald T. Grant, 46, Orland, failing to extinguish fire, $100.

Douglas J. Gray, 18, Ellsworth, transportation of drugs by minor, $100, license
suspended 30 days.

Roger R. Gray, 23, Blue Hill, operating ATV on public way, $100.

Michael P. Grey, 38, Lamoine, disorderly conduct, $300.

Stacy E. Grindle, 38, Orland, negotiating worthless instrument, $150.

Merz Frederic Halbach, 35, Cowpens, S.C., operating vehicle while license
suspended or revoked, $250; operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail 10 days, license suspended 18 months, restitution
$190.48.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              June 20, 2008 Friday
                                  Mich Edition

Singer puts high value on phrasing

BYLINE: TOM CONWAY, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 614 words


Bob Dylan holds a strong presence over B.B. Wolfe's sophomore album, "Heart Worn
Sleeve." Not only is Dylan's influence apparent in Wolfe's singing and
songwriting, but Wolfe also features a character from one of Dylan's songs in
one of his own.

The titular character from "Ballad of Hollis Brown" from Dylan's "The Times They
Are A-Changin' " album makes an appearance - now known as "Mr. H. Brown, who
just moved uptown" - in "Song for Dan," which Wolfe wrote for his musical
mentor, Dan Gellert. The song also includes references to "The Basement Tapes"
and "Highway 61," two notable Dylan touchstones.

"How much is he an influence on everybody?" Wolfe asks of Dylan's influence on
his music. "I grew up singing along with Dean Martin and Bob Dylan. Everybody
gets their voice from different influences, so Dean is an influence and Bob is
an influence. If you put the two voices side by side, they really don't sound a
whole lot alike."

One positive talent Wolfe picked up from Dylan is his phrasing, most notably in
"Song for MJ," written for MJ Bishop, a Seattle-based singer-songwriter who
appears on the CD and will perform at Wolfe's CD release party Sunday at Eyedart
Gallery in Goshen.

"He is an impeccable phraser," Wolfe says about Dylan. "I think he is a better
phraser than Frank Sinatra. I pay real close attention to his ability to phrase
things."

Another attribute Wolfe shares with Dylan is his knack for surrounding himself
with quality musicians. Like Dylan with The Band, Wolfe recruited the talented
Goldmine Pickers to help record "Heart Worn Sleeve."

"My desire to have them play on it came from cupping my ears in the Fiddler's
Hearth on their slow numbers and falling in love with their ballads," Wolfe
says. "Then I got the opportunity to see them play in an environment that was
more conducive to ballads, as well as their incredible fast numbers, and was
even more convinced."

Wolfe was surprised that the band members were receptive to helping him,
considering they were busy recording their own album, "Lonesome Gone," at the
time.

"It was quite a wait," he says. "But I was willing to do that."

Wolfe recorded his parts in his dining room on an Edirol R-09, a portable
recorder "about the size of a pack of cigarettes," and then the Pickers would
set their tracks down later at the Bartlett Recording studio.

"I don't know anything about music," Wolfe says about how he communicated his
ideas to the band. "I use metaphors of what I want. Hum parts, and things like
that. If they are there, then I say that is what I am looking for, and if
they're not, then I try to direct them in a different direction. They came in
with a lot of their own ideas from listening to it. These guys are musicians."

Wolfe is thrilled to be working with the Goldmine Pickers, recognized as one of
the premier bands performing locally.

"They have really grown in the last two years," he says. "I get a kick out of
that because they are so dang young and they have got so much time ahead of them
to just really make a go at it."

Wolfe also is excited that they have taken time out of their already busy
schedule to join him at the release party for "Heart Worn Sleeve."

"I can't wait to play with them," he says. "I am practicing like eight hours a
day."

------------

In Concert

B.B. Wolfe will have a CD release party for his new album, "Heart Worn Sleeve,"
at 4 p.m. Sunday at Eyedart Gallery, 213 S. Main St., Goshen. Admission is $7
per person or $10 per couple. Bring a blanket or a lawn chair. Food items are
permitted. Musicians include: B.B. Wolfe, Goldmine Pickers, MJ Bishop, Bruce
Bartlett and Jim Shenk. For more information, visit the website
www.bbwolfemusic.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday

Oh, Danny's boy;
COLLEGE FOOTBALL

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 974 words


TAMPA, Fla.   If Erik Ainge doesn't turn out to be an NFL Hall of Famer one day
down the road, it won't be for a lack of preparation   or advanced planning.

The family of Tennessee's standout junior quarterback has left nothing to chance
when it comes to the athletic future of the 6-foot-6 right-hander, who will lead
the 17th-ranked Volunteers against Penn State in Monday's Outback Bowl at
Raymond James Stadium.
Tennessee quarterback Erik Ainge's uncle, former NBA and MLB player Danny
Ainge, has been a stronge influence in Erik Ainge's life.


The process got started 10 years ago when Danny Ainge, Erik's uncle and former
NBA and Major League Baseball player, introduced his nephew to a man named
Jonathan Niednagel.

Known as the "Brain Doctor," Niednagel runs the Brain Typing Institute in
Thornhill, Mo., and has been evaluating athletes for more than three decades. He
claims he can determine the brain type of his subjects simply by watching them
perform   in person or on videotape   and putting them through a series of
interviews and examinations.

Danny Ainge and Niednagel have known each other since Ainge was a player for the
Phoenix Suns in the mid-1990s.

"He's had a lot of influence in my life," Erik Ainge, 20, said of his uncle. "A
lot of the influence came when I was trying to decide not where I was going to
go to high school, but what sport I was going to play. I had a chance to play
basketball, baseball and football all at the next level at a big-time
university."

That's where the "Brain Doctor" comes in. Niednagel, who first observed Erik
Ainge when he was in the sixth grade, concluded that the young man had all the
makings of a better-than-average quarterback. The procedure included, among
other things, studying how Erik reacted to losing a one-on-one basketball game
to his sister, Kim.

"They did the whole brain-typing thing that they do for professional athletes,"
Erik said. "It came out that the brain type I have is called ESTP (Extroverted,
Sensing, Thinking, Perceiving). It's the same as Peyton, Marino, Elway, Favre,
Unitas and on down the list."

The doctor was quick to point out to Doug and Diane Ainge   Erik's parents
that the test results wouldn't guarantee their son success in athletics. But if
coached properly and he grew to at least 6-foot-2 or 6-3, his odds for success
were very high.

Said Erik: "It's like in the Air Force. If you're not one of two brain types,
you can't fly the F-16 fighter jets. They don't even let you try. And it's
similar in sports."

The tests determine how an athlete will react to: a) stress; b) pressure; c)
adversity. Danny Ainge also fell into the ESTP category.

"My uncle was a scratch golfer, a professional baseball player and a
professional basketball player," Erik said, adding, "and to this day he swears
he would have been a better quarterback than anything. So he didn't want that
same route for me, he wanted me to try football first, and (I) could always go
pitch later if I wanted to."

Considering all the hype, Erik's athletic career has been closely monitored, to
say the least. He got off to a rollicking start for the Rocky Toppers in 2004,
setting a Tennessee freshman record for touchdown passes with 17. But he missed
the final four games of the campaign with a shoulder injury, as the No. 13 Vols
finished with a 10-3 record.

Last year, he shared snaps with senior Rick Clausen for most of his sophomore
season, and threw for just 737 yards with five touchdowns and seven
interceptions. As such, UT finished the season 5-6, the program's first losing
campaign since 1988.

"It just fell apart for him," Vols coach Phil Fulmer said.

Initially, Erik didn't handle the quarterback controversy well.

"A lot of people thought that Rick was a better quarterback at the time, that
Erik still had a lot to learn," All-America receiver Robert Meachem said. "So
Erik was going through a lot because he was hearing so much negative stuff about
him. But he wanted to turn it into a positive."

A fiery competitor in the mold of his uncle, Erik Ainge did just that in 2006.

He began his junior season with a flurry, passing for 291 yards and a
career-high four TDs in a victory over 9th-ranked California. Ainge led the Vols
to consecutive comeback wins over Georgia, Alabama and South Carolina, before
spraining his ankle in the fourth quarter of the rally against the Gamecocks on
Oct. 28.

The injury cost him almost two full games as well as the momentum he'd built as
the starting signal-caller.

Ainge responded with two straight big efforts in wins over Vanderbilt and
Kentucky as the Vols finished the regular season with a 9-3 mark. He totaled
2,722 yards passing with 19 TDs and eight interceptions, but enters the Outback
Bowl with a string of 113 passes without a pick.

"Erik actually did this year what we expected him to do last year," said Fulmer,
noting that UT offensive coordinator and QBs coach David Cutcliffe has played a
key role in the player's on-field resurgence. "To his credit he had the
wherewithal, the toughness and the capability of getting back on his feet and
having a really outstanding year. At times he played extremely well for us."

Though the ankle still pains the Hillsboro, Ore., resident, Erik Ainge
pronounced himself ready for the New Year's Day morning tussle with the Nittany
Lions.

"The only teams they've lost to are some of the top teams in the country," he
said.

The objective now is to conclude the season on a high note.

"You've got to look at wins and losses as a quarterback. We were 9-1 when I was
playing, but 9-3 isn't a bad season. It's not as good as we would have liked it
to be, but it put us in a good situation where we can still have a 10-3 season."

OUTBACK BOWLNo. 17 Tennessee vs. Penn State11 a.m. MondayRaymond James Stadium
in Tampa, Fla.TV: ESPNON THE WEBFor daily audio from Jerry Kellar, visit
www.timesleader.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 15, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

OUTSTANDING WARRANTS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 402 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Christopher W. Hermsmeier - 34, Spokane, parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance (methamphetamine), $40,000 bond.

Ronald A. Lehman - 56, Coolin, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$50,000 bond.

Kyle S. Plunkett - 20, Sandpoint, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $40,000 bond.

James A. Drake - 48, Spokane, failure to comply/possession of a controlled
substance, $488 bond.

Mark A. Stone - 25, Newport, parole violation/burglary, $100,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Jaime Santos - 25, Priest River, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
$152 bond.

Javier F. Saucedo - 41, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $3,500 bond.

Shelly A. Schramm - 40, Sagle, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Jason D. Shipton - 33, Sandpoint, domestic battery, $15,000 bond.

Daniel J. Springsteel - 22, Sandpoint, failure to comply/malicious injury to
property, $182 bond.

Michael A. Stevens - 23, Dover, operating a vehicle with an invalid license,
$300 bond.

Jacob O. Susol - 25, Spokane, failure to comply/violation of protection order,
$3,500 bond.

Kentucky  S. Tarbert - 31, Cocolalla, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia, one day in jail.

Rex N. Taylor - 35, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$2,000 bond.

Spencer D. Thomas - 54, Hope, failure to appear/disturbing the peace, $5,000
bond.

Richard A. Towle - 45, Newport, failure to appear/domestic violence-violation of
protection, $10,000 bond.

Daniel F. Vasquez - 47, Columbia Falls, Mont., failure to comply/driving under
the influence, two days in jail.

Renata R. Vazquez - 25, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence
, driving without privileges, $2,350 bond.

Miguel A. Ruiz - 36, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery-domestic violence,
false 911 report, $22,000 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 27, 2005 Saturday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. C2

LENGTH: 666 words


Ellsworth District Court


Cases Aug. 8-22, 2005

Edward Adams, 57, Portland, Ore., disorderly conduct, jail 24 hours.

Joseph K. Allen, 30, Bucksport, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $450.

Jesse J. Archer, 24, Ellsworth, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, license suspended 90 days.

Derek C. Awalt, 20, Ellsworth, disorderly conduct, $150.

Nathan W. Ball, 21, Southwest Harbor, failure to register vehicle, $100.

Anthony Barbato, 20, Deer Isle, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $500.

Michael A. Berzinis, 55, Southwest Harbor, attaching false plates, $100.

Robert H. Boenau, 50, East Boothbay, operating vehicle without safety equipment,
$100.

Michael W. Boudreau, 28, Orland, assault, jail 48 hours; operating vehicle while
under influence of intoxicants, $500, jail 48 hours; terrorizing, jail 25 days;
violating condition of release, jail 48 hours.

Derik Briggs, 18, Gouldsboro, violation of ATV rule, $100.

Charles G. Brown, 38, Ellsworth, two counts assault; violating condition of
release, jury trial.

Nathan Brown, 31, Bar Harbor, disorderly conduct, $150.

Roger Norman Brown Jr., 32, Newport, furnishing liquor to minor, $500.

Jarrod Joseph Burns, 21, Ellsworth, operating vehicle without proof of financial
responsibility, $200.

Kenneth R. Callahan, 39, Atkinson, N.H., operating vehicle without license, jail
24 hours; possession of marijuana, $350.

Craig W. Cameron, 19, Augusta, possession of marijuana, $200.

Dana J. Carter, 50, Brooklin, attaching false plates, $150.

James D. Celona, 21, Bar Harbor, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Joseph C.H. Chakirelis, 24, Sullivan, operating vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months.

Philip L. Clark, 42, Surry, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250; attaching false plates, $100.

Alan W. Cordell, 20, Ashtabula, Ohio, speeding 30-plus mph more than posted
speed, $450.

Michael J. Darragh, 33, East Orland, sea urchin, scallop diving tender license,
$342.

Joshua N. Donovan, 22, Bass Harbor, operating motor vehicle while under
influence of intoxicants, $500, jail 72 hours, license suspended 90 days.

Carl A. Douglas, 25, Melbourne, Fla., operating vehicle after registration
suspended, $150.

Jennifer H. Downs, 19, Newburgh, possession of marijuana, $350.

Scott Dunbar, 21, Sullivan, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $250.

Odin L. Dwyer, 30, Bangor, possession of marijuana, $350.

Marco A. Ertha, 35, Readfield, violation of town parking ordinance, $50.

Douglas J. Fannin, 27, Columbia, Mo., operating vehicle while license suspended
or revoked, $250.

Mandy L. Fountaine, 22, Northeast Harbor, allowing dog to be at large, $50;
owning or keeping animal that kills or injures, $100.

Mark T. Fowler, 30, Sedgwick, class I lobster, crab fishing without license,
$277.50.

Adam J. Fronczak Sr., 40, Lamoine, untagged lobster traps, $100.

Ellen M. Gibbins, 26, Hancock, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, jail 24 hours.

Wilbert Gove, 26, Stonington, speeding 30-plus mph more than posted speed, $475.

Keagan L. Gray, 25, Seal Cove, possession of marijuana, $200.

Scott Griffin, 59, Franklin, violating fuel tax licensing or reporting, $250.

Marion R. Grunwald, 43, Orland, operating motor vehicle while under influence of
intoxicants, $700, jail seven days, license suspended 18 months.

Andrew R. Hall, 19, Bar Harbor, sale, use of drug paraphernalia, $300.

Harold Macquinn Inc., Ellsworth, rule violation, inadequate brake hose or
tubing, $100.

John A. Higgins, 19, Hampden, failing to notify owner of property damage
accident, $150; failing to make oral or written accident report, $150.

Ernest D. Howie, no age listed, Lincolnville, wholesaling seafood without
supplemental license, $200.

Susan A. Hughes, 52, Blue Hill, attaching false plates, dismissed.

Frederick D. Hyde, 37, Franklin, out-of-door burning violation, dismissed.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         August 27, 1999, CITY EDITION

US wants SF to use its influence

BYLINE: By JOE CARROLL

SECTION: HOME NEWS; CEASEFIRE DECISION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The White House has made clear to Sinn Fein that it expects it to use its
influence with the IRA to ensure that killings in Northern Ireland and
gun-running between the US and Ireland must cease.

Reacting to the assessment by the Northern Ireland Secretary of State, Dr Mo
Mowlam, that the IRA ceasefire has not broken down, the White House said it
respected the decision, which it described as "a difficult one".

The statement said that "we deplore the recent instances of paramilitary
violence and efforts to smuggle weapons from the US to Ireland." The US law
enforcement authorities had "responded to Mowlam's request for information and
continue to actively investigate the Florida gun-running case".

The statement said "violence and preparations for violence only undermine the
prospects for implementing the Good Friday accord in full. Those with influence
on paramilitary groups must make clear to them that such activities must cease.
All parties must comply with all aspects of the agreement when the review
process facilitated by Senator Mitchell gets under way on September 6th."

Without naming Sinn Fein, the statement made it clear from the context that it
was the party "with influence" which must call on the IRA to cease violence and
preparations for violence.

Dr Mowlam told reporters in Belfast yesterday she had no doubt the IRA was
involved "in a way that is counterproductive and unhelpful" in alleged
gun-running from the US.

President Clinton has been briefed regularly on developments in Northern Ireland
while he is on holiday on Martha's Vineyard, an administration official said.

The White House had arranged for the Northern Ireland Office to make direct
contact with the Department of Justice and the FBI in Washington.

The US authorities had passed on the information Dr Mowlam needed before she
made her assessment, but because the investigation into the gun-running case in
Florida was still ongoing and because of court proceedings, there were "limits"
to what the US authorities could share, the official said.

During the bail hearing in Fort Lauderdale last month for the three persons
accused of buying and sending guns through the mail to Ireland, the prosecution
said that one of the defendants, Mr Conor Claxton, had told an FBI agent he was
on an arms procurement mission for the IRA.

Mr Claxton's lawyer later said that was a "stretch" and that his client might
have replied to FBI suggestions by nodding.

The IRA in a statement has denied that the "leadership" of the organisation
authorised the gunrunning operation.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                            December 17, 2007 Monday

Police log

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 816 words


The following reports were taken from information supplied by area law
enforcement agencies on Monday: WAYNESBORO

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Waynesboro police arrested Brian David Nichols, no
age provided, Hagerstown, Md., and charged him with driving under the influence
after a traffic stop Friday night in the 900 block of S. Potomac St.

Police said that Nichols was seen driving a Nissan pickup truck that was twice
seen crossing the center line around 10:35 p.m.

CHAMBERSBURG

AGGRAVATED ASSAULT: Chambersburg police charged Dianne Hall Holton, 32,
Chambersburg, with aggravated assault after she allegedly stabbed her husband,
Steven Horton, during a domestic dispute at their home at 439 S. Third St.
Friday at 9:51 p.m.

(Incident No. C2007-14059)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Cynthia Ann Miley, 37, Chambersburg, was arrested
for driving under the influence after a traffic stop Thursday at 12:10 a.m. at
the intersection of Lincoln Way East and Coldbrook Avenue, Pennsylvania State
Police, Chambersburg, said.

(Incident No. H03-1721548)

GREENE TOWNSHIP

HARASSMENT: Ziggy Sollenberger, 19, Chambersburg, and Alex Shivaee, 18,
Chambersburg, were charged with harassment after a physical altercation Sunday
at 12:40 a.m. on Chancellor Drive, Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg,
said.

(Incident No. H03-1722310)

THEFT: Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, is investigating a theft that
occurred at 126 Sunset Blvd. sometime on Wednesday.

Police said that someone took a cap off of a truck owned by Kelly Roofing and
removed multiple power tools. The suspect then pried the door off of a storage
trailer owned by D.H. Martin Construction and removed a generator and several
other items.

Anyone with information is asked to call the state police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. H03-1721320)

ANTRIM TOWNSHIP

THEFT: Someone stole a 2002 Mercury Mountaineer that belongs to Sandra Coyoc,
35, Chambersburg, while it was parked at El Dorado Stone, between 4 p.m. Tuesday
and 5:20 a.m. Wednesday, Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said.

The vehicle was later recovered in the 6300 block of Guitner Road.

Anyone with information is asked to call the state police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. H03-1721323)

ACCIDENT: Tracy Morris, 43, no address provided, suffered minor injuries in a
one-vehicle accident Dec. 8 at the intersection of Guilford Springs Road and
Interstate 81.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said that Morris was traveling west on
Guilford Springs Road at 6 a.m. in a 2004 Ford Expedition when she lost control
of the vehicle on icy roads and struck a metal guard rail.

Police said that Morris was not wearing a seat belt.

(Incident No. H03-1720375)

The following reports were taken from information supplied by area law
enforcement agencies on Sunday:

RETAIL THEFT: Stephen F. Swensson, 57, Shippensburg, was accused of retail theft
at 7:05 p.m. Dec. 10 at Wal-Mart, 1730 Lincoln Way East. A criminal summary
citation was issued.

(Incident H03-1721000)

TRAFFIC COLLISION: Melissa Cook was traveling east on U.S. 30 at Edwards Avenue
when her 2003 Dodge Hemi truck spun on the ice-covered roadway and crossed over
the travel lanes at 1:26 a.m. Dec. 4. The vehicle hit a curb, damaging the axle
and the front end side swiped an unknown vehicle that fled the scene.

Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to call Pennsylvania
State Police, Chambersburg at 264-5161.

(Incident H03-1719135)

HAMILTON TOWNSHIP

CRIMINAL MISCHIEF: An unknown actor spray-painted "Los Unidos," Spanish for "The
United" on the garage of Robert James Boyer I, of 649 N. Franklin St., Lot 72A,
sometime Saturday.

Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to call Pennsylvania
State Police, Chambersburg at 264-5161.

(Incident H03-1722203)

ANTRIM TOWNSHIP

HARASSMENT: Lyell W. Vail, 62 of Nauvoo Road, Morris, was charged with
harassment for striking Brian D. Platt, 42, of Williamsport Pike, Greencastle.
After a verbal altercation, Vail struck Platt with a closed fist at 5 p.m.
Friday at the TA Truck Stop, 10835 John Wayne Drive.

(Incident H03-1722000)

THEFT, FRAUD AND FORGERY/BAD CHECKS: Lori Ann Penrod, Greencastle, was selling a
car on the Internet when an actor from Houston, Texas forged and sent her a
fraudulent check for $9,500 in the name of James N (Mio) Rosenau, of Washington,
D.C. at 9 a.m. Dec. 4.

Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to call Pennsylvania
State Police, Chambersburg at 264-5161.

(Incident H03-1721905)

GREENE TOWNSHIP

ONE VEHICLE CRASH: Gerald Brasile, 27, of Singers Glen, Va., was traveling south
in the left lane on Interstate 81, at the Woodstock Road overpass (approximately
mile marker 19.5) when his 2005 International 9400i struck a guide rail and
crossed the northbound lanes, striking a ditch and fence at 10:07 p.m. Tuesday.

Brasile gained control and traveled north about 3/8 of a mile before coming to a
stop.

(Incident H03-1721278)

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 9, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Paul Rudolph Is Dead at 78; Modernist Architect of the 60's

BYLINE: By HERBERT MUSCHAMP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 50; Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1014 words


Paul Rudolph, an architect whose chareer epitomized the turbulence that engulfed
American modernism in the 1960's, died yesterday at New York Hospital. He was 78
and lived in Manhattan.

The cause was mesothelioma, or asbestos cancer, according to Ernst Wagner, a
close friend.

Mr. Rudolph leaves behind a perplexing legacy that will take many years to
untangle. With the exception of Louis I. Kahn, no American architect of his
generation enjoyed higher esteem in the 1960's. As chairman of the School of
Architecture at Yale University from 1957 to 1965, Mr. Rudolph wielded enormous
influence over the direction of American architecture at mid-century. His
buildings, often executed in concrete with a textured finish that resembled
corduroy, were widely studied and imitated.

At the same time, and partly in reaction to his influence, the school became a
hothouse for younger architects who wanted to break out of the modernist mold
Mr. Rudolph had helped to form. In recent years, his practice was largely
concentrated in Southeast Asia, where respect for his strict modernist ideals
endured.

Two projects, both built in New Haven, helped crystallize Mr. Rudolph's
reputation in the 60's. The Temple Street Parking Garage, completed in 1962, was
a powerful horizontal design that recalled the dynamic forms of the German
Expressionist architect Erich Mendelssohn. Like Eero Saarinen's terminal for
T.W.A. at Kennedy Airport in New York, the garage created a monumental form for
modern transportation.

Mr. Rudolph's Art and Architecture Building at Yale, completed the following
year, bore the influence of Le Corbusier's design for the Monastery of La
Tourette. In place of monks' cells, Mr. Rudolph filled the top floor of his
building with painters' studios.

But Mr. Rudolph was never a pale imitator of European modernism. In a 1970
monograph on his work, the historian Sybil Maholy-Nagy hailed Mr. Rudolph as one
of a handful of American architects who "broke the Atlantic sound barrier,
creating designs that were more than the sum of their European influences." The
result, in Maholy-Nagy's view, was "architecture that is experimental,
contradictory, competitive, and bigger than life."

Paul Rudolph was born in 1918 in Elkton, Ky. He received a bachelor's degree in
architecture from Alabama Polytechnic Institute in 1940. After serving from 1943
to 1946 in the Navy, where he supervised shipbuilding at the Brooklyn Navy Yard,
Mr. Rudolph completed his education at Harvard, where he received his master's
degree in architecture in 1947.

Mr. Rudolph began his professional practice in Florida in 1948 in association
with Ralph Twitchell. By the time he opened his own office in Sarasota in 1952,
Mr. Rudolph had already established himself as a designer of private houses,
many of them built in Siesta Key. Those houses are small gems of postwar
architecture, structures that use slim columns and airy canopies to create oases
of light and shade. In his mature career, by contrast, Mr. Rudolph would become
known as an apostle of the megastructure, large buildings combining offices,
apartments, shopping, transportation, and public space.

Mr. Rudolph was invited to become chairman of Yale's architecture school in
1957, largely as a result of the reputation he had gained with his Florida work.
While at Yale, he tried to place the study of architectural design in a broader
urban framework. "He started the first real dialogue about architecture in the
context of the city," observed Ulrich Franzen, the Manhattan architect, who
served as a visiting critic at Yale in those years.

The Art and Architecture Building, a landmark of Mr. Rudolph's years at Yale,
remains perhaps his best-known building. Unfortunately, its reputation is not
solely due to the strength of its design. In 1969, the building became a
casualty of the 60's when a group of students set fire to it, regarding the
building's severe concrete design as a symbol of the university's antipathy
toward creative life. The building was restored.

Though Mr. Rudolph had already left New Haven by then -- in 1965, he moved his
office to a spectacular, multilevel space on Beekman Place in New York -- the
fire nonetheless called into question the values his building represented. Mr.
Rudolph's work also found disfavor in another quarter: the young architects and
scholars who would shortly emerge as leaders of the post-modern movement.
Architects like Charles Moore and Robert A. M. Stern, and such historians as
Vincent Scully, turned away from abstract modernist esthetics toward historical
mixtures.

After 1970, Mr. Rudolph never fully regained the reputation he had enjoyed in
the previous decade. Rather, the loss of prestige came to represent the collapse
of the liberal consensus culture under assault from left and right. Mr.
Rudolph's conviction in his architectural values never wavered however, and his
practice remained active, though his most important commissions came from
outside the United States. As Mildred F. Schmertz, the architectural writer,
observed in Architectural Record in 1989, "Paul Rudolph does most of his work
these days in places where post-modernism has yet to penetrate, namely, Hong
Kong, Singapore, and Jakarta."

In these Southeast Asian projects, such as the Bond Center, a faceted glass
office tower in Hong Kong, Mr. Rudolph was able to pursue his passion for
megastructures on a scale that surpassed even his most important American
commissions. If his place in mid-century American modernism is assured, his role
in the expanded culture of globalization remains to be assessed.

In recent years, American architecture students too young to remember the 60's
have rediscovered Mr. Rudolph as a model of rare integrity. In 1993, at a
lecture at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York, he drew a standing-room-only
crowd composed mostly of the young and held the audience spellbound, as if he
were a visitor from a long-vanished golden age.

He is survived by two sisters, Marie Beadle of Decatur, Ga., and Mildred
Harrison of Tucker, Ga.

NAME: Paul Rudolph

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Yale University's Art and Architecture Building, designed by
Paul Rudolph. (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times); In 1969, student protesters
set fire to it as a symbol of severity, but it was rebuilt. (Ezra Stoller/Esto)

TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             July 17, 2012 Tuesday

Education: The only way is Pearson: Is English education policy being influenced
by a giant multinational? And if so, for whose benefit?

BYLINE: Warwick Mansell

SECTION: GUARDIAN EDUCATION PAGES; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 1372 words


How great an influence over education policymaking can and should a private
organisation have? That is the question being asked by some, as a debate growing
increasingly acrimonious in the US seems poised to cross the Atlantic.

Pearson, the giant London-based multinational, is the world's largest education
firm as well as running Penguin books and the Financial Times. Attention is now
focusing on its seemingly ever-growing influence on English school life.

Pearson's level of involvement in state education in the US, particularly
through testing, has become high-profile in recent weeks. Last month, hundreds
of parents reportedly protested outside the firm's New York offices, unhappy at
the company's $35m (£22m) contract to provide controversial high-stakes tests
for the city's schools. A statement from the group ParentVoicesNY said the
protest was about "the excessive power and influence the billion-dollar,
for-profit company, Pearson, has over (New York City's) education department".

Pearson also reportedly has a five-year contract worth nearly $500m (£318m) to
provide tests for schools in Texas, and sets tests across other states including
Florida, Kentucky, Arizona, Virginia and Maryland.

In an article on Pearson in the New York Times columnist Gail Collins described
testing as a "huge corporate profit-centre", and seemed to call for a "pushback
against education privatisation".

In the UK, its home country, the company's influence is less debated, but seems
extensive here, too. Pearson's involvement at the heart of what goes on in
English secondary schools, in particular, through its ownership of the Edexcel
exam board (purchased in 2003), is widely known. Edexcel is the largest UK exam
body by the volume of its sales, with a turnover of £317m in the 14 months to
February 2011. It remains the only one of England's big three school boards to
be run for profit.

Pearson's core education publishing business includes, in this country, the
brands of Heinemann, Longman, BBC Active and the Edexcel publishing label. All
sell textbooks and other supporting resources to schools, parents and pupils.
Since 2009, Pearson, through Edexcel, has also had a contract to administer the
marking of Sats tests for England's 11-year-olds, grading 3.8 million of them in
2011.

But it is Pearson's foray into new areas of policymaking and school improvement
that is provoking questions about its influence, and about the interaction
between the state and the corporate world.

In the policy field, the company is currently - with the Royal Society of Arts -
running and funding an inquiry into the success or failure of the coalition's
signature education policy: the academies scheme.

Pearson has also carried out a probe this year into whether the English exam
system is promoting "high standards", which raised concerns about test-driven
learning, and which is to be followed up by a five-year "review of education
ambition". The company's goal in this, it says, is to "reassert Britain's
position as the global leader in education".

This month, the CBI published its annual survey of what businesses think of
education standards in the UK, as evidenced by the skills of recent school
leavers. For the first time this year, this was published jointly with Pearson,
with quotations from the firm in the accompanying press release, suggesting a
high degree of influence for Pearson in this debate.

Pearson also runs its own "Pearson Think Tank", headed by Professor Becky
Francis of King's College, London, who is also serving on the Pearson/RSA
academies review. In 2007, it funded the setting up of Oxford University's
centre for educational assessment.

And in the last nine months, the firm has moved into the area of school
improvement. The "Pearson school model", which has been trialled in six
secondary schools since September, includes a computer-based curriculum - "the
Always Learning Gateway", named after Pearson's corporate strapline - in 11
subject areas. The service is currently free to participating schools, but
Pearson will be charging a fee when it is sold nationally.

The Pearson school model has been led by Anders Hultin, a Swedish educationist
who invited controversy in 2009 when, in a previous post at the private
education chain Gems, he told Education Guardian that ministers should allow
state-funded schools to be run for profit. Hultin, though, is now leaving
Pearson to return to Sweden.

Diane Ravitch, bestselling writer on US education reform, who has blogged about
Pearson's influence in the US, says of the company's English activities:
"Pearson is overstepping the bounds of the role of a profit-making business.

"The corporation is acting as a quasi-government agency in several instances,
but it is not a quasi-government agency: it is a business that sells products
and services. What part of the field of education does Pearson not manage?

"At what point do conflicts of interest arise? Is it acting in the best
interests of students, of the nation, or of its own business? These are
questions that must be raised and answered."

Stephen Ball, professor of the sociology of education at London University's
Institute of Education and an expert on education business, sees Pearson's
school-improvement model, alongside its policy work, as particularly
interesting. He says: "I think it's related to an overall strategy: they want to
offer products and services in all areas of school practice: assessment,
pedagogy, curriculum and management, and they want to create the possibility for
that through policy work.

"They want to have indirect influence in policy to create opportunities for
business expansion. It's a very well thought-out business strategy. I think we
should be thinking about it, because a lot of it is going unnoticed."

Alasdair Smith, national secretary of the Anti Academies Alliance, which is
critical of corporate influence in education, says: "This stuff frightens the
life out of me. My concern is that business dictates the nature of education,
and especially the aims of education, when it should be one voice among others."

Ball says private influence does not stop at Pearson. He mentions McKinsey, the
management consultant that has published two widely cited international reports
on successful education systems, as evidence of companies' incursion into
policymaking. Sir Michael Barber, Tony Blair's former education standards guru,
was an author of both McKinsey reports. He now works for Pearson.

Last month, it was reported that ministers want to "outsource" some policymaking
to companies, consultants and thinktanks in a bid to scale down the civil
service.

Robert Coe, a school exams expert and director of Durham University's centre for
evaluation and monitoring, who contributed to Pearson's standards investigation
that criticised exam-driven schooling and raised questions about GCSEs, says he
was impressed by its approach, and that the company was right to investigate. He
says: "I read this inquiry as saying 'let's take a look at this and see what we
can do to improve things'. A lot of the things they said (about problems with
the current system) they were right to say."

Earlier this month, Pearson also announced plans to invest £10m on running
private schools in the developing world.

Pearson says its involvement in so many areas of education is part of a
strategy, instigated 10 years ago, to move from being mainly a publishing and
media company to one much more involved in schools.

Alice Hunt, director of communications for Pearson's non-US operations, says:
"That created in us an awareness of education debates around the world and the
need to contribute to them. We see our contribution to these debates as a really
important part of the overall discussion, which embraces governments, other
policymakers, civil society groups and so on."

Hunt says Pearson does not run schools for profit at present and that it is "not
something we are in any way pursuing at the moment".

Captions:

Is (Pearson) acting in the best interests of students, of the nation, or of its
own business?

Diane Ravitch

Anders Hultin, who in 2009 said ministers should allow schools to be run for
profit, has been leading Pearson's school improvement work Photograph: Frank
Baron

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 4, 2009 Sunday

Ravel crossed America, and a piano concerto was born

BYLINE: By Richard Scheinin rscheinin@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment; Gossip; Music; Columnists; Concerts; Columnists

LENGTH: 811 words


Maurice Ravel was obsessed with America, and Gwendolyn Mok is obsessed with
Maurice Ravel. The head of San Jose State University's keyboard division is a
Ravel specialist, a historian of his music, a part of his lineage: She is a
protégé of Ravel's own protégé, the late pianist Vlado Perlemuter.

Mok has recorded just about all of Ravel's sparkling and porcelain-perfect piano
works, including the Concerto in G major, which she set to disc with the
Philharmonia Orchestra of London in 1991. Saturday and next Sunday, she performs
it again with conductor George Cleve and Symphony Silicon Valley, as the
orchestra opens its 2009-10 season at the California Theatre.

Ravel began composing the work, which dances with jazz influences, in 1929   the
year after the Frenchman made a coast-to-coast American tour, performing his
music, visiting nightclubs, meeting George Gershwin. Mok is convinced that the
tour shaped the piece in important ways. Recently, we talked about it.

Q Tell me about Ravel's famous American tour of 1928.

A He arrived in the United States early that year and saw a lot of the country.
He was in California, and he was in the Southern states. I have a map in my
office that shows all the places he went: Boston, Chicago Cleveland, New York
and San Francisco, where he was guest conductor for major orchestras. There were
lots of long train rides. The final leg included New Orleans, Houston, Phoenix,
Buffalo, New York City.

Q How was he received?

A He was greeted like a real celebrity. He was constantly being invited to
parties, meeting Hollywood types and starlets. He met Douglas Fairbanks and Mary
Pickford.

Q What impressed him musically?

A He was impressed by Negro spirituals, jazz   and the quality of American
orchestras; he was very surprised by how good they were. Having heard a good
deal of jazz in Paris, he was thrilled to hear jazz in America and gave a
lecture about his impressions of American music at Rice University in Houston.

I know he went to Harlem. He went to the Cotton Club. He met Gershwin. I think
he spent a lot of time going to clubs.

Q So, how do you hear his American tour's influence in the concerto?

A This is one of the pieces that's a departure for him, because it's an open
piece: It's a little more adventurous, it's a little more bold, in many ways. I
can see how his trip to America affected his writing of the piece, because it is
boisterous, it is brilliant, at least in the first and the last movements. And
even in the second, you hear a blues influence and a lot of harmonies that are
very jazzy. The first movement is full of clashing bi-tonalities and jazzy
gestures, some borrowed straight from Gershwin.

The piece has a kind of frontier, open-plains feeling about it. It has a spirit
that, I think, is very New World-ish, and that, I think, is what distinguishes
it from the other works he wrote for piano, which are very contained and very
structurally formalistic.

Q Another anecdote about Ravel in the New World?

A He had landed in Boston and was going off to conduct, and when he arrived at
the concert hall, he looked down and saw that he hadn't brought his dress shoes.
He insisted on going back to the ship, to the luggage department, and he held up
the concert for 45 minutes or an hour so he would be properly dressed.

Ravel was a clothes horse. He had a kind of obsession with handkerchiefs and
neckties. He was often found shopping for these things and, while on tour, would
often miss the train, because he was distracted with selecting handkerchiefs in
a store.

Q Tell me something else about Ravel and his habits.

A His insomnia. He slept during the day. And in his home, in the bedroom, he had
the French shutters   have you ever seen these French country homes, where they
have these shutters that can shut out all the light from the outside? And he had
a carpenter cut out little stars and a moon in the shutters, so whenever he
slept during the day, he could imagine that it was the nighttime.

Q Let's finish with the concerto. What should people listen for when you perform
it?

A The second movement has one of the longest phrases. It's made up of 36
measures; That's long. Most phrases are eight-bar phrases. This one is huge,
very unusual, very difficult to sustain. You have to spin it just right. It's
all about the shaping, the pulse. It's like one very, very long run-on sentence,
and you want to keep it on track, keep it on topic. And it has to peak at the
right moment, a little like cooking.

Contact Richard Scheinin at 408-920-5069.

Symphony Silicon Valley
2009-10 Season Opener

Gwendolyn Mok, piano;
George Cleve, conductor
When: 8 p.m. Saturday, 2:30 p.m. next Sunday
Where: California Theatre, 345 S. First St., San Jose
Tickets: $39-$75; 408-286-2600, extension 23; www.symphonysiliconvalley.org
Program: Ravel"s Piano Concerto in G; Ravel"s "Mother Goose Suite"; Brahms"
Symphony No. 4

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pianist Gwendolyn Mok, a historian of the music of Maurice Ravel, will
perform his Piano Concerto in G at the Symphony Silicon Valley 2009-10 season
opener.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            July 15, 2009 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 07/13/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chanceford and Peach
Bottom townships, Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
Adam B. Moore Jr., 1468 New Bridgeville Road, Red Lion; criminal mischief,
criminal trespass; waived to court.

Adam B. Moore, 1468 New Bridgeville Road, Red Lion; criminal mischief; waived to
court.

Richard Wade Keithley, 404 Main St., Delta; driving under the influence,
disorderly conduct; waived to court.

Wayne Dane Merryman, 564 Auble Road, Delta; submit false statement, file
insurance application, criminal attempt/theft by deception; waived to court.

Sasha Lynn Tompkins, 110 Mill St., Fawn Grove; theft by unlawful taking,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Melissa Irene Blalock, 4339 Cooper Road, Whiteford, Md.; driving under the
influence, careless driving; waived to court.

Laman Glea Anderson, 252 Posey Lane, Red Lion; driving under the influence,
careless driving, limitations on driving on left, disregard traffic lane,
failure to use seat belt; waived to court.

Joshua Owen Griffith, 170 Griffith Road, Delta; driving under the influence,
minor prohibited/operate with alcohol in system, duties at stop sign, failure to
use seat belt; waived to court.

Tiffany Ann McCarty, 63 Hemlock Road, Felton; use/possession of paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Robert Paul Burkins, 317 E. Posey Road, Airville; simple assault, harassment;
waived to court.

Michael William Billet, 33 Cool Creek Road, Wrightsville; driving under the
influence, disregard traffic lane, careless driving, reckless driving, failure
to obey authorized personnel; driving under the influence, disregard traffic
lane-waived to court, careless driving, reckless driving, failure to obey
authorized personnel-dismissed.

Tracy Lee Keach, 360 E. Snyder Corner Road, Red Lion; simple assault,
harassment; simple assault-withdrawn, harassment-pleaded guilty.

Mary Evelyn Soto, 8084 Woodbine Road, Airville; driving under the influence, no
headlights; waived to court.

Martin Lee Shelley, 10801 Gipe Road, Brogue; simple assault, recklessly
endangering another, theft by unlawful taking, false imprisonment; simple
assault, recklessly endangering another-held for court, theft by unlawful
taking, false imprisonment-dismissed.

Michele Lynn Preston, 920 Jessicas Lane, Bel Air, Md.; driving under the
influence, registration plate illegible; waived to court.

John Carl Deitz, 4616 Jolly Acres Road, White Hall, Md.; driving under the
influence, disregard traffic lane; held for court.

Eric Eugene Mimna, 98 High Ridge Road, Delta; driving under the influence,
restrictions on alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

Ray E. Bright Jr., 25 Wood Stream Lane, Apt. K, Greensboro, N.C.; theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Michael Eugene Rohr baugh, 2317 Harkins Road, Pylesville, Md.; driving under the
influence, duties at stop sign, improper right turn; waived to court.

Michael Lee Saylor, 13701 Trout School Road, Felton; harassment; waived to
court.

Edward Lewis Matthai III, 28 Poplar View Road, Delta; driving under the
influence, careless driving, disregard traffic lane; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Power County Press (American Falls, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2014

Power County police log

BYLINE: The Power County Press staff

LENGTH: 129  words


Friday, May 23: Ryan J Flynn, 37, of Williston, ND was arrested on a misdemeanor
warrant.

Graciano Alclala-Cuevas, 41, of Kimberly was arrested for driving under the
influence, failure to purchase a driver's license, failure to provide proof of
insurance and an open container violation.

Saturday, May 25: Fabian R. Garcia, 51, of Salt Lake City, UT, was cited and
released for driving under the influence and driving while suspended-out of
state.

Deputies responded to a report of a vehicle on fire near Michaud Creek. Deputies
discovered the burnt 2014 Ford was reported stolen from Bannock County.

Thomas R. Gamble, 31, of Malad was cited and released for boating under the
influence.

Sunday, May 29: Nathan T. Jones, 25, of Pocatello was arrested on a Bannock
County warrant.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PWR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Power County Press


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 12, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Where to Get Advice

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 328 words


To the Editor:

In "Let's Scrap the Council on Economic Advisers" (letter, Jan. 2), Prof. Arvin
Ghosh stands logic on its head when he tries to refute the plea by James Tobin
and Robert Solow (Op-Ed, Dec. 10) to keep President-elect Clinton's new National
Economic Council from further diminishing the Council of Economic Advisers.

Professor Ghosh states that under the leadership of Water Heller in the Kennedy
and Johnson Administrations, the Council of Economic Advisers "became most
effective." Then he argues that because it has since become relatively
ineffective, it should be abolished. Why not urge instead that the
President-elect simply return the council to its former position of influence?

Mr. Heller and his colleagues, first James Tobin and Kermit Gordon, had
influence because they had access to the President, which in the White House
means power and influence. Though Kennedy, along with his Secretary of the
Treasury, C. Douglas Dillon, was diffident about Mr. Heller's proposal to cut
taxes with a budget deficit (minuscule compared with today's), Mr. Heller
gradually won Kennedy over.

Part of this was the result of Mr. Heller's access to Kennedy, provided by the
President's appointments secretary, Kenneth O'Donnell, who also made sure that
Mr. Heller's memos were in Kennedy's briefcase when he left the White House on
weekends.

The President-elect showed eagerness for new ideas at the economic summit in
Little Rock. Perhaps his new National Economic Council will provide this. But if
it becomes another White House department battling for political turf, the
President can always go to his Council of Economic Advisers, provided he has
made clear that on economic matters its members are first among equals. Bill
Clinton should send that signal the first day that he is in the White House.

SANDER VANOCUR
Santa Barbara, Calif., Jan. 5, 1993

The writer covered the White House for NBC News from 1961 to 1964.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

MXM Nation Inc. (California) applies for US Patent titled as "SCALABLE NETWORKED
COMPUTING SYSTEM FOR SCORING USER INFLUENCE IN AN INTERNET-BASED SOCIAL NETWORK"

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160314501 for US Patent, published on October 27, 2016, by MXM
Nation Inc. (California), titled as "SCALABLE NETWORKED COMPUTING SYSTEM FOR
SCORING USER INFLUENCE IN AN INTERNET-BASED SOCIAL NETWORK"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: BARTHOLOMEW; Myles; (Waterloo, CA) ; BARTHOLOMEW; Gary; (Mississauga,
CA) ; BROUWERS; Seth; (Burlington, CA)

Applicant: MXM Nation Inc.  Toronto  CA (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
scalable networked computing system scores social influence in an Internet-based
social network. The system includes: a storage for storing user records and
sponsor records. Each user record includes a user identifier, a user's quantity
of credits, and at least one score relating to the user's social network
influence. Each sponsor record includes a sponsor identifier, a quantity of
sponsor-purchased credits, and at least one score relating to the sponsor's
social network influence. A networked interface receives from the user a
redemption offer, which is open for bids from at least one sponsor. A processor
performs a valuation of the redemption offer to determine an adjusted value for
the quantity of credits based on at least one user score and returning the
adjusted value to the user and/or the at least one sponsor prior to prompting a
bid from the at least one sponsor."


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Arrest Log: 9/11/2015

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: POLICE

LENGTH: 508 words


Chelmsford

-- Zachariah Holmes, 26, 17 Marshbrook Road, Billerica; operating under the
influence of liquor, operating to endanger, operating after suspension.

Lowell

-- Robert Redman, 23, 406 Pawtucket St. Apt. 1; being present where heroin is
kept

-- Juan Orozco, 23, permanent address unknown; possession of Class A drug,
warrant

-- Patricia Redman, 55, 87 Lock St. Apt. 74, Nashua; possession of Class A
substance

-- Harold Wajtowicz, 63, 604 Lakeview Ave.; violation of harassment-prevention
order

-- Victor Amaro, 21, 565 Broadway St.; warrant (failure to pay fine for assault
and battery), assault and battery of police officer, resisting arrest,
disorderly conduct, breaking and entering at night with intent to commit
misdemeanor

-- Gerald Bradbury, 51, 339 Westford St. Apt. 4; assault with dangerous weapon
(knife), assault and battery (domestic), threat to commit crime

-- Rannareth Chhoun, 65, 60 Marshall St.; disturbing the peace

-- Jonathan Baez, 21, 17 Odile St., second floor, Methuen; warrants.

-- Janelle Barowski, 23, 7 Dracut St.; operating after suspension, failure to
submit motor vehicle for inspection, operating without license in possession.

-- Remmy Agosto, 18, 8 Smith St., Rear; warrant (assault and battery with a
dangerous weapon, strangulation).

-- Robert Gardner, 39, no known address; warrants.

Pelham

-- Sarah Fox, 28, Pelham; restraining order violation,
destruction/damage/vandalism, false report to law enforcement, theft of a
firearm by unauthorized taking (two counts).

-- Stacy Adams, 36, Pelham; resisting arrest/detention, disorderly conduct,
domestic violence simple assault causing bodily injury.

-- Stephen Morgan, 49, Pelham; domestic violence simple assault physical
contact, domestic violence criminal threatening: fear of bodily injury.

-- Robert Robar, 38, Pelham; driving after revocation/suspension.

-- Adam Paquette, 53, Pelham; domestic violence simple assault.

-- Philip Rozzi, 52, Pelham; driving under the influence, aggravated driving
under the influence.

-- Shayne Mitchell, 38, Raymond, N.H.; driving without giving proof.

-- Brandon Hawes, 19, Billerica; possession of controlled/narcotic drugs.

-- Justin Damon, 20, Billerica; possession of controlled/narcotic drugs.

-- Michael Pelletier, 18, Pelham; prohibited sale alcohol.

-- Daniel Ferguson, 20, Billerica; possession of controlled/narcotic drugs.

-- Alan Crawford, 39, Windham, N.H.; driving under the influence.

-- Peter Ducharme, 43, Lowell; receiving stolen property, disobeying an officer,
reckless operation.

-- Steven Smith, 46, Plaistow, N.H.; simple assault: physical contact or bodily
injury.

-- Stephanie Tenzcar, 34, Pelham; driving under the influence, aggravated
driving while intoxicated.

-- Jeffrey Turmel, 46, Methuen; driving under the influence.

-- Eric Hanlon, 37, Brockton; domestic violence simple assault: physical
contact.

-- Angel Peguero, 22, Lawrence; driving under the influence.

-- Joseph Perrotti, 28, Lawrence; driving after revocation or suspension.

-- Justin Malloch, 32, Bangor, ME; domestic violence simple assault: physical
contact.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 18, 2010 Sunday

Glass bead artist wins international recognition

BYLINE: By Pamela Dillon Contributing Writer

SECTION: LIFE & ARTS; Pg. D22

LENGTH: 439 words


Many aspects of Louise Little's 2009 art submission to the International Society
of Glass Beadmakers worked in her favor. Her work was selected as cover art for
the Winter 2010 issue of The Glass Bead. The winning entry was inspired by
petroglyphs she saw near a cave while vacationing in Palm Springs, Calif., last
year. She embellished her lampworked bead with a handcrafted metal clay
petroglyph.

"This year we received several entries for the Gathering 2010 theme, 'Beyond
Boundaries: Origins and Influence of the Glass Bead.' Louise's application of
precious metal clay to the glass bead related directly to that theme," ISGB
director of marketing and communications Diana Riebling said. "She took the
glass beadmaking tradition and added precious metal clay to achieve a mixed
media glass bead. Her motif harkens to the origins and influence of the glass
bead, as the glass bead was one of mankind's first attempts to express abstract
ideas."

Little's winning petroglyph bead has large hands and eyes set with cubic
zirconia. She is a lampwork glass-bead artist using a flame technique that is
thousands of years old in the style of Italian glass masters from the island of
Murano. Little then incorporates her handmade beads into jewelry for her
business, Desert Bloom Designs. She has been making beads for the past 11 years
in both her Dayton and Tucson, Ariz., studios.

"When I entered this Call for Entries, I have to admit I was nervous. I knew a
lot of the competition, and wow they are great bead-makers; so I entered and
crossed my fingers," said Little, who is currently moving from Dayton to Tucson
with husband Alex Little, who retired as Department of Surgery chairman at
Wright State's Boonshoft School of Medicine. "This time I was very conscious of
the results date for notification, and that morning when I checked my e-mail I
had butterflies. And then there was the e-mail that said my bead had been
accepted. I told my husband if I could have actually done backflips I would
have."

She has been a member of the nonprofit ISGB for the past 10 years. There are
1,000 international members, and this year they are meeting for a Gathering in
Rochester, N.Y., July 28-Aug 1. Little's art also will grace the cover of the
meeting brochure. Little is the founding president of the Dayton chapter of
ISGB, which has grown to 30 members.

Little was a featured artist at Bear's Mill Gallery in Greenville last year. Her
beads are available in gift shops/galleries in Dayton, Cincinnati and Columbus.
You can also find her work online at www.louiselittle.com.

Contact contributing arts writer Pamela Dillon at pamdillon@woh.rr.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Louise Little's Bead, "The Gatherer," which won cover art for both The
Glass Bead winter 2010 issue, and the annual meeting brochure for the
International Society of Glass Beadmakers. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

Crime Watch for 04/23/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Jason M. Hinkle, 5164 Spring Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; held for court.

Derek A. Williams, 3010 W. Market St.; theft by deception; waived to court.

Thomas M. Angiorlis, 50 S. Alwine Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, duties at stop sign; waived to court.

Charity B. Westry, 81 Kings Arms at Waterford; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, careless driving; waived to court.

Kelvin D. Peaco, 334 Warren St.; criminal mischief-tamper with property; waived
to court.

Coby A. Mitzel, 1040 N. Duke St.; intent to possess controlled substance by
person not registered, use/possession of drug paraphernalia; held for court.

Kennety O. Trago Jr., 223 Roosevelt Ave.; theft by deception, theft by unlawful
taking; waived to court.

David H. Stough Jr., 13035 Collinsville Road, Brogue; criminal mischief-damage
property; waived to court.

Angel Alicea, 31 E. Jackson St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, period for required lighted lamps, disregard traffic lane;
waived to court.

Lamar A. Kosh, 357 E. Prospect St.; aggravated assault, resisting arrest,
defiant trespass/actual communication to; waived to court.

Shantay L. Walker, 117 E. King St.; criminal trespass/enter structure; waived to
court.

Peter M. Allandar, 358 Spruce St., Steelton; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; marijuana, false identification, driving under suspension; waived
to court.

Randy W. Chenault, 323 N. Franklin St., Hanover; indecent exposure, open
lewdness; held for court.

Daniel L. Johns Jr., 1300 W. Poplar St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Bridgett Toomey, 469 E. Princess St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine,
costs and restitution.

Melinda Shouck, 2145 Worth St.; snow and ice removal; found guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Shane Wishard, 105 Charles Circle, Hellam; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Ginger Wishard, 105 Charles Circle, Hellam; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.Tara Verity, 4100 Baptist Road, Taneytown, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, accidents involving
damage to unattended vehicle/property, failure to notify police of
accident/injury, failure to notify police of accident/damage to vehicle,
careless driving; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 6, 2008 Friday
                             South Pinellas Edition

SINGLE U.S. STANDARD DEFINES DUI

SECTION: BAYLINK; Pg. 8F

LENGTH: 403 words


Q: Do states have different limits for blood-alcohol levels that determine if a
person is driving under the influence?

A: Some states used to have different standards, but in 2000 President Bill
Clinton signed a bill that required states to adopt the 0.08 standard or risk
losing federal highway money.

The states complied, and the number that defines driving while intoxicated or
driving under the influence is now 0.08 blood-alcohol content. All states also
make it illegal for any drivers under 21 to have any detectable amount of
alcohol in their system.

What does 0.08 mean? According to the National Highway Transportation Safety
Administration, for example, a 170-pound man would reach 0.08 by drinking four
beers in an hour on an empty stomach.

At that level of blood-alcohol content, tests have shown, drivers are impaired
in vision, judgment and reaction.

The 0.08 standard of legal impairment remains one of the highest in the world.
Most of Europe, by comparison, uses an 0.05 standard. Spain's is 0.025, Japan's
is 0.015 and some countries, among them Russia and Saudi Arabia, assume
impairment with any BAC level above 0.00.

Home with the candidates

Q: Where does Barack Obama live?

A: The Obamas live in Chicago. According to the Wall Street Journal, their home
is a 6,500-square-foot Georgian revival home in the Kenwood neighborhood, near
the University of Chicago. It has 6 bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms and sits on a lot
80 feet by 150 feet. They bought the home three years ago for $1.65-million, and
it's now estimated to be worth $1.8-million.

For the record, the McCains own several properties, among them a home worth
about $4-million in Sedona, Ariz., two condos in Coronado, Calif. (estimated
values: $2.6-million and $2.1-million), three condos in Phoenix (estimated
values: $4-million, $715,000 and $615,000) and a condo in Arlington, Va.
(estimated value: $750,000).

Big Brown, Triple Crown?

Q: When was the last time a horse won the Triple Crown?

A: Eleven horses have won the Triple Crown of horse racing (by winning the
1.25-mile Kentucky Derby, 1.1875-mile Preakness Stakes and 1.5-mile Belmont
Stakes). The last was in 1978, by Affirmed. Other winners: Sir Barton (1919),
Gallant Fox (1930), Omaha (1935), War Admiral (1937), Whirlaway (1941), Count
Fleet (1943), Assault (1946), Citation (1948), Secretariat (1973) and Seattle
Slew (1977). Saturday, Big Brown could join the list by winning at Belmont.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press: Sen. Barack Obama with his wife, Michelle.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              May 20, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

COURTHOUSE RECORDS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; COURTHOUSE RECORDS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 614 words


Westboro District Court

Judge Paul S. Waickowski

Tianlin Xu, 46, of 20 Beeching St., Worcester, charged with violating an abuse
prevention order, assault and battery, kidnapping, breaking and entering in the
nighttime with intent to commit a felony and intimidating a witness, continued
to June 25 on $250 cash bail.

Sherrie Nieber, 32, of 29 Barclay St., Worcester, charged with forging or
misusing a Registry of Motor Vehicles document, possession of marijuana and
possession of Ecstasy, continued to June 26.

Tammy L. Hudson, 34, of 10 Agawam St., Apt. 1, Worcester, charged with
possession of marijuana, continued to June 26.

Stanley P. Opatka Jr., 63, of 16 Milford Road, South Grafton, charged with
driving under the influence of alcohol or .08 percent, driving negligently and a
marked lanes violation, continued to June 24.

Susan J. Dimaria, 32, of 18 Stockton St., Boylston, charged with driving under
the influence of alcohol or .08 percent, a marked lanes violation and speeding,
continued to June 25.

Bryce C. McCarthy, 20, of 54 Flagg St., Southboro, charged with driving under
the influence of alcohol or .08 percent and a vehicle lights violation,
continued to June 17 on $500 cash bail.

Keith Preeper, 33, of 14 Kirby Ave., Lunenburg, charged with assault and battery
with a dangerous weapon (keys), continued to June 26 on $500 cash bail.

Hector L. Bouyett, 29, of 26 Fenwood St., Apt. 3, Worcester, charged with
driving with a suspended license and driving an uninsured vehicle, continued to
June 26.

Carol A. Moore, 48, of 96 Ward St., North Brookfield, charged with driving under
the influence of alcohol or .08 percent, continued without a finding for one
year with probation, ordered to complete an alcohol treatment program with any
aftercare as recommended by the Probation Department, loss of license for 45
days, fined $600; marked lanes violation, found not responsible; passing
violation, found not responsible; and driving recklessly, dismissed.

Shiladitya Basu, 25, of 55 Commons Drive, Apt. 5, Shrewsbury, charged with
driving under the influence of alcohol or .08 percent, continued without a
finding for one year with probation, ordered to complete an alcohol treatment
program and any aftercare as recommended by the Probation Department, loss of
license for 45 days, fined $600; and driving negligently, continued without a
finding for six months.

Diane M. Monsef, 49, of 10 Williamsburg Circle, Northboro, charged with driving
under the influence of alcohol or .08 percent, continued without a finding for
one year with probation, ordered to complete an alcohol treatment program with
any aftercare as recommended by the Probation Department, loss of license for 45
days, fined $600; marked lanes violation, found not responsible.

Isidro E. Tally, 57, of Corpus Christi, Texas, charged with driving under the
influence of alcohol or .08 percent, continued without a finding for one year
with probation, ordered to complete an alcohol treatment program with any
aftercare as recommended by the Probation Department, loss of license for 45
days, fined $600.

Douglas Masciarelli, 24, of 415 Berlin Road, Marlboro, charged with driving
under the influence of alcohol or .08 percent, continued without a finding for
one year with probation, ordered to complete an alcohol treatment program with
any aftercare as recommended by the Probation Department, loss of license for 45
days, fined $600; driving with a suspended license, dismissed; and a marked
lanes violation, found not responsible.

Joseph Leblanc, 18, of 295 Boylston St., Shrewsbury; charged with driving with a
suspended license for driving under the influence of alcohol or .08 percent,
continued to June 26.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            February 8, 2008 Friday

Names in the News: Heidi Fleiss arrested on drug charges

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 191 words


Former Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss was arrested Thursday on charges of illegal
possession of prescription drugs and driving under the influence in Pahrump,
Nev., authorities said.

Fleiss was pulled over about 9:30 a.m. by sheriff's deputies responding to a
report of a possible drunken driver, the Nye County sheriff's office said.

Fleiss, 42, and a passenger in the car, John Owen, were found to be under the
influence of a controlled substance, the sheriff's office said. Fleiss had
prescription medication but could not produce a valid prescription, the
sheriff's office said.

Fleiss was arrested on four counts, including possession of dangerous drugs
without a prescription and driving under the influence. Owen, 53, was arrested
on charges of being under the influence of a controlled substance and possession
of marijuana.

She posted bail of $1,376, while Owen posted bail of $1,264 and both were
released.

Fleiss operates a coin-operated laundry, called Dirty Laundry, in this desert
town 60 miles west of Las Vegas.

| Herald wire services

She moved to Nye County in late 2005, after having been jailed in California for
running a prostitution ring.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 15, 2007 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 964 words


POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Matthew Alexander, Rathdrum, reported Thursday the $6,000 theft of a flatbed
trailer from Taurus Lumber, 50288 N. Old Highway 95 near Rathdrum.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE ROBERT BURTON

Lisa R. Isom, 38, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180
days in jail (140 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Christine K. Wolf, 26, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 90 days
in jail (32 days credited).

Kenneth L. Adsitt II, 28, Spokane; driving under the influence; $400 fine, five
days in jail, 15 days unscheduled jail time.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Maeceen M. Morgan, 34, Spokane; providing false information to officer regarding
offense/identity; six days in jail (credited).

Kenneth D. Bryant, 54, Coeur d'Alene; domestic violence-violation of a
protection order; $500 fine (suspended), one year in jail (358 days suspended),
two years probation.

Gary Songhurst, 45, Thompson Falls, Mont.; driving under the influence; $500
fine (suspended), 180 days in jail (169 days suspended), 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Brandon D. Hubbard, 21, Hauser; malicious injury to property; $72 fine, five
days in jail.

JUDGE JOHN LUSTER

Audie R. Esquivel, 33, Coeur d'Alene; battery-domestic violence; $500 fine
(suspended), 240 days in jail (90 days suspended) or 180 days in jail (90 days
suspended) and proof of compliance with domestic violence program, two years
probation.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Cody J. Rupnick, 21, Twin Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 117 days in
jail.

Branden E. Facer, 21, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; $200
reimbursement for defense, 10 days in jail or 40 hours county work program.

Kyle E. McGinnis, 20, Boise; malicious injury to property; $500 fine ($400
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, two years probation.

Duane M. Cope, 19, Hayden; misdemeanor probation violation; 30 days in jail or
completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

Jeffrey D. Smith II, 23, Heron, Mont.; use or possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use; $250 fine, five days in jail or 16 hours county work
program.

JUDGE JOEL HAZEL

Kyle M. Wright, 23, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 10 days in
jail.

Joel B. Rittenour, 49, Rathdrum; driving under the influence (excessive); one
year in jail (120 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years
probation, one year driver's license suspension.

JUDGE BENJAMIN SIMPSON

Steven G. Listman Jr., 26, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 200
hours community service, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 180 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Brian D. Limberg, 21, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 90 days in
jail or proof of evaluation.

David M. Hendershot, 37, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

GTS Drywall Supply Co. v. Larry McMillen, dba L & L Drywall and Vaughn Walton,
seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

Midland Credit Management Inc. v. Elaine Chaney, seeking $4,354.

Kim Fullerton and Gary Luckow v. Bill Russell, Echo Farms and Cindy Macy,
seeking $4,618.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Debra Gemmrig and David King, seeking $1,087.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Daniel Peterson, seeking $2,678.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Curtis Voigt Jr. and Natisa Gallia, seeking $1,012.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Steven Flynn and Bridgett Flynn, seeking
$1,141.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Christopher Jensen and Teresa Jensen, seeking
$1,301.

Runge Finance Co. v. Brian Fitz, seeking $4,017.

Runge Finance Co. v. James Arnold, seeking $1,913.

Runge Finance Co. v. Dylan Anderson, seeking $4,136.

Holmes Law Office P.A. v. Thomas Fahey and Becky Fahey and Lucas Fahey, seeking
$3,249.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Gregory Stedman and Anna Stedman, seeking $2,051.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Kurt Tickemyer and Amy Tickemyer, seeking $1,562.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Bridget Laskey,
seeking $1,959.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Ralph Reyes and Diane
Reyes, seeking $1,327.

Peterson Enterprises Inc. dba Valley Empire Collection v. Tamara Oconnor
Johnson, aka Tamara Oconnor, dba Casa Savie, seeking $1,030.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Charles Evans, dba
North Idaho Commercial Ref, seeking $1,794.

HSBC Bank Nevada N.A. v. Kevin Moore, seeking $2,232.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Clara Jessop, seeking $42,674.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Steven Banker and Kim Banker, seeking
$18,741.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Christopher Hefner, seeking $22,302.

Coeur d'Alene Property Management v. Jay Fuller, seeking $5,000.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Barbara Russell, aka Barbara Reyes, seeking $11,472.

Evergreen Electric Inc. v. Rocky Mountain Land, dba Northern Rockies Corp.,
seeking $5,957.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Jeannie Ziegenfuss, seeking $5,257.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Mark Greiman, plaintiff awarded $3,251.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Edward Hocking, plaintiff awarded $1,509.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Vicki Blixt, plaintiff awarded $1,455.

Ray Guerra v. Colt Mechanical Inc., plaintiff awarded $8,441.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

JR Limited, dba Redal and Redal v. Norman Bogart and Patricia Bogart.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Tina Shurtliff from Jason Shurtliff.

Mike Johnson from Colleane Johnson.

LeAnn Thomas from Jeffery Thomas.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 20, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

COMPASS

BYLINE: KAREN HAYMON LONG, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 878 words


By KAREN HAYMON LONG

The Tampa Tribune

Billy Graham Library

A 40,000-square-foot library honoring and depicting the life of the Rev. Billy
Graham will open to the public June 5 in Charlotte, N.C. Designed to look like a
barn - to recall the Charlotte dairy farm Graham grew up on - the library is on
the grounds of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association international
headquarters. The 63-acre property also includes the Graham Family Homeplace, a
replica of Graham's childhood home made with materials from the original house.
The library will feature a 40-foot-tall glass entryway in the shape of a cross;
a 90-minute, self-guided tour to see multimedia displays; rare film footage; and
350 photographs. It also will have a gift shop and cafe. Hours will be 9:30 a.m.
to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday. Admission will be free.

For details, go to www.billygraham.org/library.

Help

Q. Is it true a person convicted of driving under the influence will be
prevented from entering Canada?

A. It's true. Canadians consider driving under the influence of alcohol an
extremely serious offense. You will probably be allowed into Canada if five
years have passed since your sentence expired. Otherwise, you may expect to be
turned back.

For information, go to Canada's Citizenship and Immigration Web site,
www.cic.gc.ca/english/visit/inadmissibility.html.

Fall Leaves Cruise

Plan now to see autumn leaves on the Mississippi River. Historic Tours & Cruises
will offer its annual Fall Foliage Cruise aboard the American Queen, which will
sail the Upper Mississippi from St. Paul, Minn., to St. Louis from Oct. 21 to
28.

All onboard activities, meals, nightly entertainment and dancing, a captain's
champagne reception and captain's dinner are included. Fares range from $2,104
to $3,262 per person, double occupancy. Single staterooms are available.

To make reservations, call Don Eslinger at Historic Tours & Cruises at (714)
536-3434 or e-mail HistTours@aol.com

For details, go to www.majesticamericaline.com, and click on "Our Ships," then
"American Queen." For a free brochure, call 1-800-434-1232, and press 3.

What's happening

Blue Man Group, that zany, silent entertainment troupe, debuts in its new venue
June 6 at Universal CityWalk. The popular group will perform matinees at 3 and
evening shows at 6 and 9 in the 1,000-seat Sharp Aquos Theatre with a 30-foot
Blue Man Group façade. Tickets start at $59; $49 for ages 3 to 9. Combination
theme-park admission and show tickets are $112; $101 for children. For
information or to buy tickets, call the Universal ticket line at 1-888-340-5476
or go to www.universalorlando.com.

Palatka celebrates with its 19th annual Blue Crab Festival and Fine Arts Show
over Memorial Day weekend. Festivities are from 4 p.m. to midnight Friday, 10
a.m. to 11:30 p.m. Saturday, noon to 11 p.m. May 27 and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. May
28. The Subdudes will perform from 9:45 to 11:30 p.m. Saturday. {{31:363}}

The festival features food, free entertainment, rides, a boat parade, bands,
arts and crafts, fine art and rides. A seafood cook-off starts at 10 a.m.
Saturday.

On May 28, a Memorial Day parade kicks off at 10 a.m. on St. Johns Avenue. A
ceremony will follow at the city's amphitheater.

For details, call (386) 325-4406 or go to www.bluecrabfestival.com.

Hot deals

Stay in the wilds of Alaska for just $90 a night. Denali Park Resorts has
extended its special-rate packages in honor of Denali National Park's 90th
anniversary. The rates are good at McKinley Village Lodge and Grande Denali
Lodge in the park on June 7, 8, 14, 15, 21, 22, 28 and 29; July 5, 6, 12, 13,
19, 20, 26 and 27; and Aug. 2, 3, 16, 17, 23, 24, 30 and 31. For information or
to make reservations, call 1-800-276-7234 or go to www.denaliparkresorts.com.

Closer to home, the TradeWinds Island Resorts in St. Pete Beach will offer a
Memorial Day Salute to Summer package from Friday through May 30, with rates
starting at $625 for a three-night stay in the Island Grand; a buffet for two
May 27; and use of beach cabanas, fitness centers, tennis courts, paddleboats
and more. A Star-Spangled Weekend package, good from June 29 to July 3, begins
at $535 at the Sandpiper and $553 at the Island Grand. It includes a three-night
stay, the Stars & Stripes Buffet for two on July 1 and other benefits. For
reservations and information, call 1-866-587-8538 or go to www.justletgo.com.

Adventure

If you like to canoe, fish and hike with your family, check out Wilderness
Inquiry, a nonprofit adventure travel company founded in 1978. It offers
hundreds of trips into the outdoors each year. {{31:268}}

This year's trips include: canoeing and fishing on the Mississippi River; hiking
and fishing in Yellowstone National Park; canoeing on the Minnesota-Wisconsin
border; exploring Custer State Park in South Dakota's Black Hills; and canoeing
in northern Minnesota.

For details, call 1-800-728-0719 or go to www.wildernessinquiry.org.

Information from Tribune wire services was used in this report.

Photo: (Blue Man Group)

Photo: (Snow covered mountains)

Photo: (Blue Crab)

Photo: (Fishing boots)

Photo: (Billy Graham)

Photo: (Billy Graham Library)

Photo: (Riverboat)

Photo: (Canadian maple leaf)

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 8

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            November 26, 2006 Sunday

Public record

BYLINE: EVENING SUN ONLINE

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 763 words


Police Log

STATE POLICE/GETTYSBURG

WEDNESDAY

10:31 p.m. A 29-year old Arendtsville man was charged with driving under the
influence on Goldenville Road near Schrivers Corner Road, Straban Township.

THURSDAY

12:59 a.m. A 44-year old Chambersburg man was charged with driving under the
influence in the 6000 block of Route 30, Franklin Township.

FRIDAY

6:21 p.m. A 54-year old Las Cruces, NM, man was charged with reckless
endangering, terroristic threats, simple assault and public drunkenness after
displaying a knife and threatening a victim outside a restaurant in the 1200
block of York Road, Straban Township.

SATURDAY

12:55 a.m. A 41-year old New Oxford woman was charged with driving under the
influence after the Ford Explorer she was driving went off the roadway and
struck a tree in Hamilton Township. The woman received minor injuries.

STATE POLICE/YORK

FRIDAY

11 a.m. Police responded to a dark-colored sport utility vehicle fleeing south
on Interstate 83 after committing a smash-and-grab theft in Springettsbury
Township. Officers took three suspects into custody after the SUV was stopped.
Positive identities of the suspects were unavailable at press time.

Fire Log

ADAMS COUNTY CONTROL

SUNDAY

1:12 a.m. New Oxford and Irishtown fire companies, New Oxford ambulance and
Eastern Adams Regional Police responded to an accident at Mount Misery Road and
Black Lane; 10:51 a.m. New Oxford Fire Co. and ambulance, Hanover ambulance and
Eastern Adams Regional Police responded to an accident at Routes 30 and 94; 5:29
p.m. Littlestown ambulance responded to an accident on Babylon Road; 7:36 p.m.
Gettysburg and Barlow fire companies and Gettysburg ambulance responded to an
accident at 3097 Baltimore Pike; 7:52 p.m. Littlestown, Kingsdale and Taneytown
fire companies and Littlestown ambulance responded to a chimney fire at 328
Georgetown Road; and 8:53 p.m. Gettysburg Fire Dept. and ambulance responded to
a structure fire at 960 Old Harrisburg Road.

MONDAY

1:55 a.m. Fairfield and Greenmount fire companies responded to a brush fire at
690 Knoxlyn-Orrtanna Road; 8:50 a.m. Aspers, York Springs, Hampton,
Heidlersburg, Mount Holly and Franklintown fire companies responded to a
commercial fire at 840 Trolley Road; 11:38 a.m. Hampton Fire Co. responded to a
miscellaneous fire at 2895 East Berlin Road, Tyrone Township; 1:01 p.m.
Gettysburg Fire Dept. and ambulance and Medic 28 responded to an accident t
Routes 15 and 30; 5:38 p.m. Gettysburg Fire Dept. and ambulance responded to a
chimney fire at 340 Coleman Road, Straban Township; and 10:34 p.m. Greenmount
Fire Co. and Liberty Township Police responded to a miscellaneous fire at 3145
Emmitsburg Road, Cumberland Township.

TUESDAY

4:23 a.m. East Berlin Fire Co. responded to a structure fire at 54 S. Main St.,
Dover; 8:25 a.m. New Oxford and Irishtown fire companies, New Oxford and Penn
Township ambulances and Eastern Adams Regional Police responded to an accident
at Route 94 and Hanover Street; 2:28 p.m. SAVES Fire Co. and ambulance and
Conewago Township Police responded to an accident at 3186 Hanover Pike; 7:48
p.m. Abbottstown and Penn Township fire companies and Penn Township ambulance
responded to a brush fire at 825 Beaver Creek Road; 8:12 p.m. Midway Fire Co.
responded to a structure fire at 12 St. Georgia Drive; and 9:11 p.m.
Fountaindale Fire Co. responded to a chimney fire at 12466 Metzer Gap Road.

THURSDAY

6:53 a.m. Fairfield Fire Department and EMS and Cashtown Fire Department
responded to a fire at 3340 Chambersburg Road, Franklin Township; 11:03 a.m. New
Oxford Fire Department and EMS and Penn Township Ambulance Club and Eastern
Adams Regional Police responded to an accident at the intersection of Route 30
and 94 in Oxford Township; 1:56 p.m. East Berlin Fire Department and EMS
responded to an accident at W. Canal Road and Big Mount Road; 6:23 p.m. Co. 12,
13 and 14 Fire Police, New Oxford Fire Department and EMS and Irishtown Fire
Department and Eastern Adams Regional Police responded to a vehicle fire at York
Road and Stanley Drive in Hamilton Township; 6:49 p.m. East Berlin Fire
Department and EMS responded to an accident at Baltimore Pike and Creek Road.

FRIDAY

11:54 a.m. Fountaindale Fire Co. responded to a structure fire at 12160 Forrest
Hill Rd.; 3:50 p.m. Fairfield Fire and EMS and Greenmount Fire Co. responded to
a structure fire at 1863 DePaul St.; 7:10 p.m. Cumberland Township Police
Department responded to a fire at the intersection of Route 15 and Barlow in
Cumberland Township

SATURDAY

3:07 a.m. Littlestown Fire and EMS responded to an accident at 4170 Francis
Scott Key Hwy.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           December 31, 2005 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 849 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Joseph Campbell reported Friday the $652 theft of a television, speakers,  car
audio equipment and  tools from his vehicle parked at his home on the 1600 block
of N. Seventh Street.

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Dean Haller, owner of Sign Service and Manufacturing, reported Thursday the
$3,000 theft of a car trailer from the business at 10014 N. Government Way in
Hayden.

Jon Conn, Post Falls, reported Wednesday $150 damage to the front door and the
$880 theft of money and jewelry from his home on the 2200 block of N. Ridge View
Road near Post Falls.

Kevin Mumford, Hayden, reported Thursday $15,000 damage to a garage door, three
exterior doors, four windows, siding, walkway and interior floor at his home on
the 8400 block of E. Ohio Match Road near Hayden.

Brenda Brownson-Jeffrey, Hayden, reported Thursday the $7,580 theft of personal
checks and an organizer and wallet containing identification cards, debit card
and money from her vehicle parked at her home on the 11100 block of N. Maple
Street in Hayden.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE CHARLES HOSACK

Kristine E. Deem, 39, Coeur d'Alene; felony malicious injury to property; four
years in prison.

Brady S. Klemp, 30, Missoula; felony possession of a controlled substance
(methamphetamine); three years in prison.

Barclay D. Bennett, 29, Dalton Gardens; Count I: felony possession of a
controlled substance (methamphetamine); six years in prison; Count II: assault;
90 days in jail; Count III: no contact order violation; 90 days in jail, all
sentences concurrent.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Warren H. Price Jr., 23, Post Falls; reckless driving; $200 fine, 90 days in
jail (80 suspended) or 40 hours county work program, one year probation.

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

Adam R. Dretke, 24, Hayden; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180 days in
jail (170 suspended), 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Glennis D. Adamson, 49, Newman Lake; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (176 suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Terry W. Lynch, 51, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180 days
in jail (130 unscheduled), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Allan P. Derby, 40, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (140 suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Jorge Tapia, 28, Beaverton, Ore.; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 90
days in jail (88 suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

JUDGE PAUL MCCABE

Cameron M. Myers, 19, North Pole, Alaska; driving under the influence (under age
21); five days in jail, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

JUDGE JOHN MITCHELL

Michael D. Pitts, 46, Coeur d'Alene; felony possession of a controlled substance
(methamphetamine); four years in prison.

Debra L. Zahn, 51, Post Falls; Count I: harboring a wanted felon; three years in
prison; Count II: felony delivery of a controlled substance; $1,000 fine, 25
years in prison; Count III: felony delivery of a controlled substance; $1,000
fine, 25 years in prison; Count IV: felony delivery of a controlled substance;
$1,000 fine, 25 years in prison.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

CBS Collections Inc. v. William and Jane Doe Howe, seeking $3,518.

CBS Collections Inc. v. Kimberly Brewer, aka Volk, aka Sperle and John Doe
Brewer, seeking $4,367.

CBS Collections Inc. v. Stephen and Kimberly Masterson, seeking $2,599.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Pricilla Miller, seeking $1,187.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Serrano, seeking $1,005.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Jacob Pritchett, seeking $1,188.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Teri Williams, seeking $1,855.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Steven Walstrom and Melissa Walstrom, seeking
$3,599.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Dana Richards, seeking $1,180.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Autumn Holt, aka Autumn Waltrip, seeking $1,270.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Randy Wall and Jenni Wall, seeking $9,114.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Ian Szakacs and Lori Szakacs, seeking $17,448.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Danel Wilkins and Donna Wilkins, seeking $5,023.

Janet and Matthew King v. Safeway Inc., seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

CBS Collections Inc. v. Michael and Sharon Charvat, seeking $11,442.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Jesus Morales v. William Gardner, plaintiff awarded $1,916.

Runge Finance Co. v. Jessica Matthews, plaintiff awarded $1,659.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Sun Rental v. AGAPE Interiors, et al.

Diane Castillo v. Anthony Morgado.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. David Cowell and Heather Cowell.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Calvin Stevenson and Gail Stevenson.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Summer Hagen.

Laurie Neuman v. Hank Marshall, et al.

Gentry Finance Corp. v. Amy Drury.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Lisa Carder and Ryan Moormann.

Coeur d'Alene Adjustment Bureau v. Kelly Green and Sheila Green.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

John Downs from Su Downs.

Karen Avila from Mario Avila.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 3, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WILLIAMS'S TRIAL IS THE LAST OF 8 MAJOR ABSCAM CASES

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 40, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1290 words


Abscam was the most sweeping undercover investigation of political corruption
ever undertaken by the Justice Department - a two-year, multimillion-dollar
inquiry that involved scores of agents, secret meetings, phony sheiks, hidden
cameras, bribes and a parade of Congressmen.

It sprawled over cities in four states, unfolding in hotel rooms, airport
lounges, private houses and even aboard a yacht. It generated dramatic
confrontations and scenes of comic relief. And it raised many legal and ethical
questions - some still not resolved - over possible entrapment,
self-incrimination and anonymous leaks to the press.

But, ultimately, it has led to the downfall of Congressmen and other public
officials, as well as lawyers and a supporting cast of shadowy go-betweens whose
boasts of influence, pledges of corruption and acceptance of cash bribes were
captured on videotape for trial juries and national television audiences.

16 Persons Convicted

The conviction of Senator Harrison A. Williams Jr. of New Jersey on bribery and
conspiracy charges Friday night ended the last of eight major trials spawned by
the Abscam investigation. The trials have led to the conviction on corruption
charges of 16 persons, including six members or former members of the House of
Representatives.

The convicted Representatives are five Democrats, Raymond F.  Lederer of
Philadelphia, who said he would resign last week after the House Ethics
Committee voted to recommend his expulsion; John M.  Murphy of Staten Island;
Frank Thompson Jr. of Trenton; Michael J.Myers of Pennsylvania, and John W.
Jenrette of South Carolina, and a Republican, Richard Kelly of Florida. All but
Mr. Lederer were defeated in the November election.

The highly controversial Abscam investigation began quietly in February 1978
with information supplied by Melvin Weinberg, an informer for the Federal Bureau
of Investigation, on two valuable 17th-century paintings - a Rubens and a
Terborch - that had been stolen and missing since 1966.

Undercover agents posing as representatives of an oil-rich Arab sheik, who
supposedly wanted to buy the paintings, made contact with those in possession
and recovered the paintings with ease.

An Expanding Circle

The ruse worked so smoothly that the F.B.I. decided to use the same method of
operation - and, initially, the same informer - to investigate racketeering and
political influence-peddling. By paying commissions to a wider circle of
middlemen over the next 18 months, the agents were led to public officials who
had come under suspicion of influence-peddling.

As the contacts broadened, the agents met the targets of their investigation in
hotel rooms in Manhattan and Atlantic City, a rented house in Washington, an
office on Long Island, at airports and aboard a yacht in Florida.

Those who were approached boasted of their influence and offered to use it in a
variety of ways, including helping the sheiks to overcome immigration
difficulties and gain permanent residence status, as well as diversifying
investments and making arrangements for casino licenses and Government contracts
for such things as a titanium mine.

In return, the Congressmen were given hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash
bribes, usually in briefcases or paper bags. While none of the targets was known
to have caught on to the scheme, there were some close calls.

A Close Resemblance

On one occasion, the picture of an F.B.I. agent who played a secretary to a
sheik appeared in newspapers after she helped capture a hijacker at Kennedy
International Airport. Some targets of the F.B.I. inquiry spotted the picture
and agents had to do some deft talking to explain the resemblance between the
agent and the sheik's secretary.

The two-year operation involved the offices of several Federal prosecutors and
was supervised largely by Thomas P. Puccio of the organized crime strike force
in the Eastern District of New York.

Operational secrecy was maintained until late February 1980, when word of the
investigation was passed to several reporters by lawenforcement agents. Later,
Attorney General Benjamin R. Civiletti invoked disciplinary sanctions against
several agents and Justice Department officials for prematurely releasing
information.

A total of 19 persons were indicted. At each of the ensuing trials, videotapes
and sound recordings made by the undercover team proved to be the most damaging
evidence. The six Representatives were all accused of having accepted bribes in
exchange for promises to help sheiks with immigration problems.

Criminal 'Intent' Denied

Representative Myers, who was convicted in the first trial in August -with Mayor
Angelo J. Errichetti of Camden, Louis C.  Johanson, a City Councilman in
Philadelphia, and Howard L. Criden, a lawyer from Philadelphia -was accused of
having accepted $50,000. He admitted taking the money but said there had been no
''intent'' to commit a crime and that he had been lured into the scheme.

In October, Representative Jenrette was found guilty of taking a $50,000 bribe.
He contended that he was intoxicated when he accepted the money and was not of a
''state of mind'' to commit the crime.

In a trial in December, Mr. Thompson was convicted of bribery and Mr. Murphy of
accepting an unlawful gratuity. They were accused of sharing $100,000; Mr.
Murphy said he thought a briefcase used to pass the cash held ''immigration
forms,'' and Mr. Thompson said he did not know what was in it.

In January, Mr. Lederer was convicted of taking $50,000. He argued that he had
been entrapped, while prosecutors contended he had acted ''readily and
willingly.'' Later in January, Mr. Kelly was found guilty of taking $25,000. His
defense hinged on his contention that he took the money as part of his own
investigation of corruption.

'Stretching' the Law

In one other trial, two Philadelphia officials, City Council President George X.
Schwartz and Councilman Harry P. Jannotti, were convicted of extortion, but the
verdict was thrown out by a Federal judge who ruled that government
investigators had ''stretched'' laws and ''entrapped'' the defendants. The
Government is appealing that ruling.

Several other Abscam actions are pending. A Federal grand jury in Brooklyn is
considering evidence in a bribery-conspiracy case against Kenneth N. MacDonald,
who resigned last year as vice chairman of the New Jersey Casino Control
Commission. Cases involving Mayor Errichetti, Mr. Criden, and Mr. Johanson all
are being held in abeyance pending the outcome of appeals in other convictions
against them.

Entrapment, which is expected to be a focus of many or all of the appeals, has
been a subject of extensive controversy since the Abscam inquiry was disclosed
last year. The principal question involved is whether the offenses in question
were ''artificially created.''

Critics, including civil liberties groups and persons who regard the evidence
against the defendants as strong, have said that the Abscam inquiry involved
misconduct by agents who led targets into crimes they were not predisposed to
commit.

Justice Department officials have contended, however, that the Abscam methods
were legitimate, if unorthodox. However, a longstanding and sharp dispute among
Federal prosecutors in New York and New Jersey over the Abscam methods became
public in January - particularly those used in handling Senator Williams's case.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

Prosecuting politics for partisan gain

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 732  words


Last week, the Office of the Maryland State Prosecutor in Baltimore secured an
indictment against Paul Schurick, a former aid to Robert L. Ehrlich Jr., and
contract campaign consultant, Julius Henson. (Full disclosure: I count Paul
Schurick as a friend).

During the last gubernatorial election, "robo-calls" - telephone calls that play
a pre-recorded message - went to Democrats in Prince George's County, telling
them that, since polls showed Gov. Martin O'Malley winning the election handily,
they could "relax."

The indictment charges these calls constituted a violation of a Maryland law
that makes it illegal for any person "to willfully and knowingly influence or
attempt to influence a voter's decision whether to go to the polls to cast a
vote through the use of force, fraud, threat, menace, intimidation, bribery,
reward, or offer of reward."

According toThe Washington Post, this law was passed by the Democrat-dominated
legislature in 2005, with Ehrlich in mind, as a form of payback for whatThe Post
called his "bruising" campaign style.

There is more than a little whiff of political score-settling in this particular
indictment because this law has been more honored in the breach than the
observance. For example, in the 2005 Annapolis mayor's race, fliers were
circulated through the African-American community caricaturing President George
Bush as a chimpanzee and referring to the African-American Republican mayoral
candidate as "Big Black." Bad enough, but the fliers also baselessly claimed
that Republicans and "Big Black" wanted to take their homes. Is that using fraud
to influence voters' decision about voting?

In that same election, rumors swirled about people being offered $20 to vote and
a ride to the polling place. There were reports of activists in public housing
with stacks of illegibly signed absentee ballots. If true, is that fraud, or an
attempt to influence a voter's decision to cast a vote through "bribery, reward,
or offer of reward"? We'll never know, because there was no investigation.

Then, there is the issue of State Prosecutor Emmet C. Davitt's close connections
to O'Malley. According to campaign finance records, Davitt has contributed to
O'Malley campaigns as far back as the 1990s. He spent most of his career working
in the office of O'Malley's father-in-law, former Attorney General Joe Curran.
Furthermore, Davitt has been a regular campaign contributor to Baltimore City
judges, which may explain his decision to seek an indictment there, rather than
Annapolis or Prince George's County.

The Democrats are claiming the actions alleged in this indictment continue a
legacy of Republican attempts to suppress Maryland's African-American vote
stretching back to Spiro Agnew and the Civil Rights era (a neat rewriting of
history as Agnew's 1966 Democratic opponent was a segregationist).

The Washington Postreports they plan to use the indictment to cast Republicans
as irredeemably racist and to label any move to prevent voter fraud, such as
requiring voters present a valid ID before voting, as part of a sinister GOP
voter suppression plan.

Admittedly, this prosecution does have a late 1960s-early 1970s "All the
President's Men" feel to it in that those in power are relentlessly using
government's powers to punish political enemies. Only in this case, Davitt and
O'Malley are playing the roles of John Mitchell and Richard Nixon, respectively.
Davitt was appointed two weeks after the election and promptly started at the
top of the enemies list.

I agree withThe Washington Postthat this indictment sends a powerful message. In
fact, it sends a few. Schurick worked for both Cas Taylor and William Donald
Schaeffer. Henson is an African-American consultant who worked primarily for
Democratic candidates. Indicting two Democrats who had the temerity to work for
Republicans sends the message that Democrats had better toe the line - or else.

In 2006, Senate President "Mike" Miller claimed the Republicans would be buried
face down, and it would take the party 10 years to crawl back out. The
indictment sends the message to Republicans that when the Democrats bury you,
you'd better stay buried.

But the final message is even clearer: The O'Malley Gang is a bunch of sore
losers - and even sorer winners.

---

The writer has been involved in local Republican politics for more than a
decade. He may be reached at MichaelCollins.Capital @gmail.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday
                                  WEST EDITION

SECTION: METRO; POLICE BLOTTER; Pg. W-5

LENGTH: 384 words


Carnegie

Leonard G. Slade, III, 20, whose last known address was in Carnegie Towers, and
Jasmine C. Smith, 21, of Penn Hills, both were charged Feb. 25 with disorderly
conduct after a security guard accused them of having sex in a stairwell between
the ninth and tenth floors of Carnegie Towers.

Delray Petry, 19, of Crafton, and Matthew Houghton, 19, of Carnegie, were
charged Friday with receiving stolen property in connection with the theft of a
1997 Chevrolet from Rowland Avenue the previous day.

Following a report of two people fighting, Joy L. Dobbins, 39, of Pittsburgh,
and Walter D. Cunningham, 38, of Turtle Creek, were charged Sunday with
disorderly conduct and public drunkenness on East Main Street.

Collier

William Davis, 35, and Richard Rector, 47, both of North Side, were charged Feb.
27 with retail theft after they were accused of trying to steal $214 worth of
tools from Kmart.

A homeless man, William Duff, 34, was charged Saturday with retail theft at
Kmart, Chartiers Valley Shopping Center after he was accused of stuffing cameras
worth $197 into a backpack.

Crafton

Jason Bugansky, 23, of Pennsbury was charged Saturday with driving under the
influence of alcohol and possession of marijuana on Baldwick Road.

Robert Kepple, 39, of Strabane, Washington County, was charged Friday with
driving under the influence of alcohol and careless driving on West Steuben
Street.

Robinson

Theresa Trimble, 45, of McKees Rocks, was charged Feb. 24 with driving under the
influence of alcohol and driving under suspension after a one-car accident on
Beaver Grade Road.

Scott

Police obtained an arrest warrant Sunday for Charles Tolkacevic, 55, address
unknown, on charges of kidnapping, burglary, stalking, false imprisonment,
theft, loitering and prowling, harassment, receiving stolen property, recklessly
endangering another person and terroristic threats involving a female resident
of Virginia Mansions, Greentree Road.

Michael Barum, 21, of Brookline, was charged March 3 with driving under the
influence of alcohol after the car he was driving went through a yard and into a
shed on Worcester Drive.

South Fayette

Nathaniel Baker, 33, Herschel Maggard, 22, and Gary O'Brien, Jr., 29, all of
Cleveland, Ohio, were charged Feb. 28 with the theft of a purse at Scooby's Bar
and Grill on Washington Pike.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Outstanding Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 405 words


Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the sheriff's department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center, (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Douglas E. Bennett - 46, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $2,000 bond.

Tyson L. Boggess - 20, Prosser, Wash., failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance (methamphetamine), $40,000 bond.

Yvette E. Huselton - 38, Troy, Mont., failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance (methamphetamine), $10,000 bond.

Tina R. Morton - 35, Clarkston, Wash., failure to appear/petty theft, $5,000
bond.

Sarah B. Poynter  - 30, Hailey, Idaho, failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $1,000 bond.

Misdemeanors

Jason L. Allen - 31, Sandpoint, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $300 bond.

Charlet  K. Bean - 39, San Jose, Calif., failure to purchase a driver's license,
$300 bond.

Marc C. Cameron - 31, Kent, Wash., failure to comply/driving under the influence
, $2,000 bond.

Jacqualyn S. Decker - 35, Sagle, failure to appear/malicious injury to property,
$2,000 bond.

Loren J. Ebnet  - 44, Pasco, Wash., trespass, $500 bond.

Benjamin S. Frost - 24, Sandpoint, shooting from public roadway, $300 bond.

Kenneth L. J. Gray - 24, Sandpoint, failure to appear/petty theft, $1,000 bond.

Coy A. Hill - 36, Sandpoint, failure to appear/obscene conduct, pedestrian under
the influence, $1,000 bond.

Jimmy R. Hughes - 39, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $6,000 bond.

Chris L. Kuhn - 36, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Joseph R. Miles - 34, Blanchard, parole violation/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,000 bond.

Donald R. Rasor - 46, Sagle, parole violation/burglary, $5,000 bond.

Michael S. Root - 55, Post Falls, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$291 bond.

Michael S. Tinnen - 20, Sandpoint, failure to comply/petty theft, $18,000 bond.

Shannon G. Wood - 41, Priest River, failure to comply/battery, violation of a no
contact order, $3,600 bond.

*Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             October 1, 2004 Friday
                          State Edition; Final Edition

Courts

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 451 words


Dover-Foxcroft District Court

Cases Sept 8-23, 2004

Kim L. Buzzell, 43, Carmel, failing to have fishing license or permit, $68.

Everett P. Danforth, 49, Milo, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$600.

Milan O. Davis, 43, Parkman, possessing loaded firearm in motor vehicle, $150.

Julie M. Dickinson, 44, Parkman, possessing loaded firearm in motor vehicle,
dismissed.

Paul A. Fobert, 58, Wakefield, Mass., driving while under influence of
intoxicants,  $500, jail 48 hours, license suspended 90 days; possession of
marijuana, $200.

Stephen M. Pridman, 49, McLean, Va., operating watercraft without safety
equipment, $100.

Alicia L. Goodwin, 20, Madison, minor transporting liquor, $200.

Donald W. Gora, 32, Minot, driving while under influence of intoxicants; failure
to make 48-hour accident report; both counts jury trial.

Ashley Hamilton, 18, Brownville Junction, speeding 30-plus mph more than posted
speed, $300; sale and use of drug paraphernalia, $100.

Jeffrey S. Hansen, 47, Milo, assault, jail 90 days, all but 72 hours suspended,
probation two years; obstructing report of crime, $200, suspended.

Terrance L. Hayes, 45, Millinocket, unlawfully trolling flies, $100.

Luke A. Hussey, 23, Milo, driving while under influence of intoxicants,  $450.

Thomas Izbicki, 44, Wellington, cultivating marijuana; criminal forfeiture of
property; both counts jury trial.

Scott Knowlton, 41, Parkman, violating condition of release, jail 48 hours.

Michael T. Nelson, 33, Dover-Foxcroft, negotiating worthless instrument, $100,
restitution, $81.96.

Scott W. Newton, 19, Madison, operating vehicle while license suspended or
revoked, $1,000; possession of marijuana, $200; sale and use of drug
paraphernalia, $100.

Joseph O'Donnell, 26, Garland, failure to register vehicle, $150.

Michael A. Otero, 49, Houston, Texas, failing to have fishing license or permit,
$68.

Kevin J. Ridley, 21, Old Town, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$550.

Joanne Ringuette, 35, Brownville, driving while under influence of intoxicants,
$500.

Robert M. Rollins, 64, Milo, disposing of lighted material, $100, suspended,
restitution, $2,763.75.

James Runnells, 37, Bangor, operating ATV on public way, $100.

Sheryl L. Smart, 34, Sebec, negotiating worthless instrument, $100.

Walter L. Smart III, 46, Sebec, negotiating worthless instrument, $100.

Patrick Stanton, 17, Topsham, violation of rule, worms in fly-fishing only,
$100.

Anna M. Stilkey, 44, Milo, operating vehicle without license, $150.

Bradley M. Swanson, 18, Topsham, violation of rule, worms in fly-fishing only
$100.

Brian B. Wilcox, 52, Morrisville, Vt., operating watercraft without safety
equipment, $100.

Scott J. Wyman, 27, Brownville, operating unregistered ATV, $100.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 14, 1995, Tuesday, FIVE STAR Edition

MEDGAR EVERS' WIDOW HEATS UP NAACP POWER STRUGGLE

BYLINE: Cynthia Todd Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 744 words


MYRLIE EVERS-WILLIAMS' announcement last week that she wants to lead the
embattled board of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People has added a massive dose of red pepper to an already simmering sauce.

Until she announced her challenge to board chairman Dr. William F. Gibson, the
board faction that wants to oust the 10-year chairman at its annual meeting
Saturday in New York had no substantial candidate.

With Evers-Williams comes a household name with 40-plus years of civil rights
history, anchored by her highly publicized fight to convict the killer of her
husband - the beloved NAACP official Medgar Evers.

"She carries influence with the board and the NAACP family," said the Rev.
Johnny Scott, president of the NAACP's East St. Louis branch.

She also has the personality, some say, to heal a board festering from internal
conflicts and lost credibility.

Mary Ratliff, of Columbia, Mo., said, "She's a calming force, able to disagree
without being disagreeable." Ratliff is president of the NAACP's Missouri
conference of branches.

But others question Evers-Williams' motives for challenging Gibson, a dentist in
Greenville, S.C.

Some of the NAACP members who took eight months to persuade Evers-Williams to
run have waged a fierce, public battle against Gibson. Last month, the group
sued Gibson, accusing him of misusing $ 1.4 million in pension and tax-exempt
funds as the civil rights group wrestles with a $ 4 million deficit.

An audit of NAACP finances is under way. Gibson's backers say that any suit
could have waited for completion of the audit and that its filing was intended
to embarrass Gibson.

Larry Carter, the board's vice president, believes that Evers-Williams'
announcement, made 11 days before the board votes, is also part of a strategy to
discredit Gibson.

"I talked to Myrlie personally about her wanting to run, and she said she had no
interest," Carter said from his home in Des Moines, Iowa.

"If she really wanted to be part of a solution, she had a golden opportunity
back in October."

Evers-Williams, of Bend, Ore., could not be reached for comment.

But Hazel Dukes, a board member from New York, said Carter's comments were
ridiculous. She said that the NAACP was run democratically and that any board
member had a right to run for the chairmanship. Into The Spotlight

Evers-Williams, 61, was first pushed into the national spotlight shortly after
midnight on June 12, 1963. She and her three children were waiting for her
husband to return to their home in Jackson, Miss., where he was the NAACP's
field director. Shortly after midnight, Medgar Evers pulled into his driveway.
Before he could get to his front door, a single shot from a rifle hit him.
Evers-Williams found her husband fatally injured in a pool of blood. Authorities
charged Byron De La Beckwith, a white supremacist, with the killing. Two juries
deadlocked at De La Beckwith's first two trials, in 1964. For 30 years,
Evers-Williams sought another trial. Last February, a third jury convicted him
of murder.

Evers-Williams had moved to California and reared three children. She worked in
public relations and corporate affairs, ran unsuccessfully for the Los Angeles
City Council, served on the Los Angeles Board of Public Works and remarried.

Convicting De La Beckwith remained her focus. That persistence, plus her
experience in handling multimillion-dollar budgets for Atlantic Richfield Co.
and her service as a public works commissioner, has prepared her to take the
helm of the NAACP, her supporters say.

Dukes said: "I think what we are suffering within our organization is a lack of
integrity and fiscal responsibility. She's not an understudy. She hits the
ground running."

Dukes also said that Evers-Williams is a master at building consensus. "She is
not a divider," Dukes said.

Both camps say their candidate has a good chance of winning.

Carter, the board vice president, said that on the day after Evers-Williams
announced, the 39 board members who had pledged their votes to Gibson had not
budged.

Scott, of the East St. Louis chapter, is not a board member but has been calling
board members to push Evers-Williams' candidacy.

Gentry Trotter, a public relations executive, is the only NAACP board member
from St. Louis. Trotter has always backed Gibson, but he declined to say how he
would vote Saturday.

The successful candidate needs 33 of the board's 64 votes.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo from AP - Myrlie Evers-Williams, widow of Medgar Evers, at
a Mississippi courthouse last year for the trial of her husband's killer.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 31, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ART;
'Spheres of Influence' Show Reunites Teachers and Students

BYLINE: By VIVIEN RAYNOR

SECTION: Section 13CN; Page 24; Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 918 words


IN the history of American Modernism, there are many roads leading back to the
Manhattan Academy run by Robert Henri. Stuart Davis, who studied there from 1910
to 1913 and who briefly reflected its influence before forging his own distinct
style, praised the school for taking art "off the academic pedestal" and for
developing "the student's confidence in his own perceptions." The painter also
recalled it as a place for making friends, subject to a rite that involved the
initiate buying "a large quantity of beer."

On the other hand, John Sloan regarded his mentor as "a dominant personality
deservedly commanding respect and somewhat impatient of ideas that 'crossed' his
own and 'never,' he said, 'felt really close to him.' " Yet, the Ashcan School
painter retained much of Henri's influence; similarly, George Bellows, who said
that his life "began" at the school, continued to pursue the robust form of
Realism practiced and nurtured by Henri. Then there was Man Ray, who studied
with the master in Philadelphia and admired him for being "against what most
people were for and for what most people were against," and in his own way
followed suit.

All four were born within the last quarter of the 19th century, but only Davis,
Sloan and Bellows are included in "Spheres of Influence," a show examining the
artist-student relationship that now hangs at the Champion branch of the Whitney
Museum, in Stamford. The branch manager, Cynthia Roznoy, selected works from the
museum's collection that illustrate the relationship. And it cannot have been an
easy task for influences, like everything else, are not what they were. It is
one thing to determine the effect of Michelangelo's prints on William Blake, but
quite another to see how Josef Albers could have influenced William Bailey as
well as Robert Rauschenberg and Eva Hesse.

As it turns out, this is one of the easier puzzles to solve. Bailey's pneumatic
pink nude propped up by cushions of beige and peacock green in a khaki and gray
vacuum is the perfect, seamless complement to Albers's "Homage to the Square,"
in earth tones and crimson. In the catalogue, the younger artist is quoted
acknowledging the elder's "profound impact on his development as both painter
and teacher." Nevertheless, he lapses into safe generalities by adding that
Albers impressed him most with "his belief in the urgency and centrality of
art."

As a painter, Rauschenberg bypasses Albers's with his 1960 parody of gestural
abstraction, relieved by a collage of fragmented letters, and reports that he
did much the same thing in class: "I found his criticism so excruciating and
devastating that I never asked for it." He said he later discovered that he was
still learning from this "beautiful teacher" and "impossible person" because
what he taught "had to do with the entire visual world."

The mystery absent from Albers's "Homage" is everywhere in the art of Hesse,
which is exemplified by a block of wood at eye level that is covered with gray
papier-mache and pierced with holes from which emanate a pair of long cords.
Hesse, however, speaks not of her teacher but of the "struggle between student
and finding oneself."

It remains for Albers to clear the air (unwittingly) by observing that
"development of active, productive students simply depends on active, productive
teachers." He then points out that the example set by such teachers, that is,
"direct and unobvious influence, is the strongest means of education."

Where art history is concerned, the Regionalist, Thomas Hart Benton, and the
Abstract Expressionist, Jackson Pollock, might as well have existed on separate
planets. Ms. Roznoy manages to reunite teacher and student through the work she
has chosen. It is not so surprising that Pollock's abstractions drawn during the
1930's should echo Benton's "Martha's Vineyard" canvas of 1925. More remarkable,
though, is Benton's comment, made presumably after Pollock's canvases had soared
to fame. The structures, he said, "may defy the 'rules of art' but they do
correspond to the actual mechanics of human vision, which is also without closed
peripheries." Pollock, for his part, thought it better to have worked with
Benton "than with a less resistant personality who would have provided a much
less strong opposition."

The trail leading from Hans Hofmann, as he is in the impastoed uproar of
"Fantasia in Blue" (1954), through George McNeil's "Astor" (1958), to "The
Guardian," a splashy monochrome of 1960 by Lee Krasner, is clear though modified
by the influences of other Abstract Expressionists. But it stops short of Helen
Frankenthaler's "Orange Mood" (1960), for by then the Color Field painter had
gone beyond her initial inspiration, Pollock, and, more important, had abandoned
oil for acrylic.

In this context, neither Hofmann nor his followers have much to say that is
enlightening. The same goes for most of the remaining painters, among them
Philip Pearlstein and his student, Byron Kim; William Baziotes and Larry Rivers;
Paul Cadmus and George Tooker, and Al Held and Judy Pfaff. An exception is Mel
Kendrick, who is represented by a cedar trunk that would be its raw and shaggy
self had the sculptor not subjected it to his usual Cubist disjunctions. The
piece is a beauty, so is the artist's rhetorical question apropos an article
written by Tony Smith: "When the avant-garde is the status quo, where do you
go?"

The show, which is as entertaining as it is instructive, continues through Nov.
21.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "Floating Ice," far left, by George Bellows, "Tombstones," left,
by Jacob Lawrence, "Table II," above, by George Tooker, and "Eric," by Robert
Longo. All are on display in the "Spheres of Influence" exhibition at the
Champion branch of the Whitney Museum in Stamford. (Photographs from the Whitney
Museum)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 16, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TOP FARM GROUP TO PICK LEADER IN TOUGH TIMES

BYLINE: By WILLIAM ROBBINS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Feb. 15


In its first contested election since 1980, the most influential of the
country's farm organizations will choose a new president Thursday to lead it in
a time of turmoil for American farmers.

The new leader of the organization, the American Farm Bureau Federation, which
is also the largest and most conservative farm group, is likely to exercise a
strong influence on the future course of the country's farm policy.

The election will pit seven farmers against one another; while they vary in
philosophy only in the degrees of their conservatism, they are competing in a
contest that will nevertheless reflect gradual change in the organization.

Their views range from those of Ray Mackey of Kentucky, who reluctantly accepts
some degree of Government control over agriculture, to those of Henry Voss of
California, who acknowledges a philosophy ''somewhere to the right of the Farm
Bureau.''

Attendance Down Sharply

The election will end a five-day convention held at a time one of the country's
worst agricultural recessions, a factor that appears to be reflected in the
attendance; it is down to 4,600 from last year's more than 6,500 farmers.

There is some question, however, about the degree of influence the economy had
on the drop. Another factor was also at work, Farm Bureau staff members say.
Members of the organization tend to respond best to the sunniest sites. Last
year's convention was held in Honolulu, a site that itself stirred criticism at
a time of widespread hardship among farmers.

There is no question about the organization's hardiness, however. Despite
agricultural hardships, the American Farm Bureau Federation, founded in 1919,
has continued to grow. Last year it added nearly 41,000 families as members.
Now, with nearly 3.4 million member families, it exceeds the membership of all
other farm organizations combined, including the much older National Grange.

Controversy has long simmered around the nature of those memberships. The Farm
Bureau accepts associate members, many of whom join to obtain one of the
insurance policies sold by bureau-owned companies, but it maintains a policy
confining voting memberships to farmers.

Rival groups have long maintained that its farm membership rolls have been
diluted with nonfarm rural residents. The rival groups also contend that the
American Farm Bureau's leadership tends to come from growers who are larger,
more conservative and more well-to-do than the average farmers they represent.

Influence Is Questioned

Questions have sometimes been raised about whether the Farm Bureau's influence
was commensurate with its size. Although it maintained a public stance
supporting free-market policies and independence, Government policies since the
1930's have tended toward Federal controls over planting practices accompanied
by Federal aid, including substantial subsidy payments for several basic crops.

By coincidence, the present Secretary of Agriculture, John R. Block, is a former
Farm Bureau leader in Illinois with a free-market philosophy of the sort such an
association might suggest. But it was only after the Farm Bureau policy began to
move closer to the center philosophically that it achieved its greatest
influence in policy, in the farm legislation enacted last year.

In 1979, toward the end of a boom in agriculture, it had adopted a policy
calling for the elimination of farm price supports within five years. In 1981,
with evidence of an end of the boom already in sight, it began to soften its
position. In 1984 it called for at least a temporary continuation of price
supports and subsidies.

''The delegates became more realistic politically,'' said Robert Delano, who has
been the group's president through three terms, since 1980, and who has never
wavered from its free-market philosophy. He has consistently declined to accept
Government controls and subsidies for the grain he grows on his 500-acre
Virginia farm.

But the farm legislation enacted last year followed closely the pattern of
proposals from the Farm Bureau.

As Mr. Mackey, the Kentucky candidate put it: ''The bill has income supports; we
had asked for it. It has price supports linked to market rates; we asked for it.
And it provides a bonus on export sales; we asked for that, too.''

'It's All a Matter of Debt'

Apparently representative of the candidates and their views is Dean Kleckner, a
53-year-old grain farmer from Iowa, whose conservatism has stood him in good
stead while he was building a 550-acre operation. He resisted the rate of rapid
expansion in the agricultural boom of the 1970's that led to the downfall of
many farmers.

''It's all a matter of debt,'' he said. ''High debt means big trouble; medium
debt, medium trouble.''

A study by the Department of Agriculture indicated that at least 20 percent of
America's commercial farmers are suffering from financial stress.

Besides Mr. Kleckner, Mr. Mackey and Mr. Voss, the candidates for president are
Elton Smith of Caledonia, Mich.; Harry Bell of Ward, S.C.; Robert Nash of The
Rock, Ga., and John White Jr. of Elburn, Ill.

Because he is now the vice president, and many leaders have moved up from that
post before, some delegates believe Mr. Smith has an edge. Others say that
because nearly half of the Farm Bureau's voting delegates are from the South,
Mr. Bell, Mr. Mackey or Mr. Nash are more likely to win.

Most knowledgeable members here, however, rate the election a tossup.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

LENGTH: 604 words


REPORT SAYS NFL SOUGHT TO INFLUENCE STUDY ON BRAIN INJURIES: National Football
League officials improperly sought to influence a government study on the link
between football and brain disease, according to a senior House Democrat in a
report issued Monday.

New Jersey Rep. Frank Pallone says the league tried to strong-arm the National
Institutes of Health into taking the project away from a researcher who the NFL
feared was biased.

The NFL had agreed to donate $30 million to the NIH to fund brain research but
backed out after the institutes went ahead with a $16 million grant to prominent
Boston University researcher Robert Stern. He's a leading expert on the link
between football and brain diseases such as chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Taxpayers are instead bearing the cost.

The NFL denied Pallone's findings.

GREEN FINED, NOT SUSPENDED FOR GAME 4: Draymond Green was fined $25,000 but not
suspended by the NBA on Monday for kicking Oklahoma City center Steven Adams in
the groin.

The league also upgraded the foul to a flagrant 2, which would have resulted in
an automatic ejection had officials given it that ruling when it happened. That
moved him closer to an automatic suspension for accumulation of flagrant foul
points.

But Green will be on the court when the Warriors try to even the Western
Conference finals at 2-2 on Tuesday at Oklahoma City.

Green was called for a flagrant 1 foul after he was fouled by Adams with 5:57
remaining in the second quarter and kicked his leg up into Adams' groin.

Green now has three flagrant foul points during the postseason. One more will
force him to miss Golden State's next game.

SHARKS PUSH BLUES TO BRINK OF ELIMINATION: Joe Pavelski scored two goals,
including the go-ahead score in the opening minute of the third period, and the
San Jose Sharks beat the St. Louis Blues 6-3 to take a 3-2 lead in the Western
Conference final on Monday night.

Joel Ward also scored twice including one of two empty-netters in the final
minute for San Jose, which can close it out at home in Game 6 on Wednesday
night.

The Sharks have never reached the Stanley Cup Final.

Joe Thornton had three assists for the Sharks.

San Jose goalie Martin Jones allowed three goals on the Blues' first 13 shots,
but stopped all seven shots in the third.

Pavelski leads the playoffs with 12 goals and has three two-goal games, one in
each series. The Sharks' captain added an assist and is tied with teammate Logan
Couture for the postseason points lead, each with a franchise-record 21 points.

Rookie Robby Fabbri scored and David Backes had an assist for St. Louis. Both
were questionable coming off injuries in Game 4.

The Blues are just 4-6 at home in the postseason, and failed to hold leads of
2-1 and 3-2 in Game 5. They're 6-3 on the road.

The Sharks were 2 for 3 on the power play in the win.

Troy Brouwer batted in a rebound from midair for St. Louis and Ward also scored
a similar goal for San Jose with his first of the game.

Brouwer leads St. Louis with eight goals in 19 games this postseason after
totaling seven in his first 78 playoff games.

Pavelski was left alone in the slot on a power play at 18:33 of the second and
beat Jake Allen to tie it at 3-3. He redirected Brent Burns' drive from the
point 16 seconds into the third to put the Sharks in front to stay.

San Jose goalie Martin Jones allowed three goals on the Blues' first 13 shots,
but stopped all seven shots in the third.

The Sharks scored first on Marc-Edouard Vlasic's first goal of the postseason
from the point at 3:51 of the first period.

Jaden Schwartz snapped a 13-game goal drought to tie it on a rebound at 7:04 of
the first.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Psigenics Corporation on March 19 titled as "Device and
method for responding to influences of mind"

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. RE44,097, on
March 19, 2013, to Psigenics Corporation, titled as "Device and method for
responding to influences of mind"

Inventors: Wilber; Scott A. (Gainesville, FL), Wilber; Patrick A. (Houston, TX),
Jensen; Christopher B. (Sugar Land, TX)

Assignee: Psigenics Corporation (Gainesville, FL)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
the field of direct mind-machine interactions, prior art devices and methods do
not provide sufficiently fast and reliable results. Mental influence detectors
(100, 140, 400, 430) and corresponding methods provide fast and reliable results
useful for detecting an influence of mind and hidden or classically
non-inferable information. An anomalous effect detector (100) includes a source
(104) of non-deterministic random numbers (110), a converter (114) to convert a
property of numbers, a processor to accept converter output (118) and to produce
an output signal (124) representative of an influence of mind. The processor
output signal (124) contains fewer numbers than the input (110). A quantum
computer (400) includes a physical source of entropy (404) to generate output
numbers (405); a source (406) of test numbers (407); a measurement processor
410) to accept output numbers (405) and to measure a relationship between
process numbers and at least one test number to produce an output (414)
representative of an influence of mind."

The patent was filed on July 21, 2006 Application no. 13/506,988

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                               e_edition EDITION

Romney, Gingrich turn on the heat;
GOP rivals come out swinging in 1st Florida debate

BYLINE: Susan Page, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 873 words


Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney, his onetime lead among GOP voters
in Florida and nationwide evaporating, hammered Newt Gingrich as an influence
peddler and disgraced politician in a debate Monday marked by the most heated
and personal exchanges of the campaign to date.

At one point, Gingrich, who has been the master of the season's 18 debates,
briefly fell in a frustrated silence as he responded to Romney's rapid-fire
attacks for saying he was hired by mortgage giant Freddie Mac as "a historian"
and for advocating health care policies while being paid by health care
companies.

"You've been walking around this state saying things that are untrue," an irate
Gingrich replied, saying he had advocated policy positions as a concerned
citizen, not because of consulting contracts. That isn't lobbying, he said.

"You can call it whatever you like," Romney shot back. "I call it influence
peddling. It is not right."

The two men faced each other in a forum at the University of South Florida,
eight days before the state's crucial primary. At stake is not only Florida's 50
convention delegates -- the biggest prize to date -- but also a sense of
momentum and command in the most tumultuous Republican nomination battle of
modern times.

"The race continues with great doubts about the two leading Republican
candidates," political scientist Merle Black of Emory University in Atlanta said
before the debate. "Republicans haven't come close to closure."

Texas Rep. Ron Paul and former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum also
participated in the debate, hosted by NBC News, National Journal and the Tampa
Bay Times. Near the end, Santorum made an impassioned plea for his credentials
as a consistent conservative. On issues such as health care, he said of Romney
and Gingrich, "When push came to shove, they got pushed."

But the focus in Florida and the spotlight on stage were on the two men battling
for the front-runner's mantle.

The debate audience obeyed moderator Brian Williams' admonition not to cheer or
boo the candidates' comments, making the forum less chaotic and less energetic
than some previous ones. After three weeks of nearly uninterrupted campaigning
since the opening Iowa caucuses, the candidates themselves looked exhausted.

In response to the evening's opening question, Gingrich and Romney challenged
the other's ability to defeat President Obama in November.

Gingrich compared himself to Reagan, calling himself "exactly the kind of bold,
tough leader" that Americans want, "someone who is prepared to be controversial
when necessary." Romney cited his record in running the Salt Lake City Olympics
and said Gingrich "had to resign in disgrace" as House speaker after an ethics
controversy, a characterization Gingrich disputed.

After weeks of being on the defensive over his tax returns and the private
equity firm he founded, Romney was trying hard to put Gingrich on the defensive.
His campaign on Monday began to air a 30-second attack ad that linked Gingrich's
work for mortgage giant Freddie Mac with the housing bust that has crushed many
Floridians.

"While Florida families lost everything in the housing crisis, Newt Gingrich
cashed in," a narrator says. "Gingrich was paid over $1.6 million by the
scandal-ridden agency that helped create the crisis."

In the wake of Romney's demands, Gingrich's former consulting firm released a
copy of its contract with the quasi-governmental agency, showing the firm was
paid $25,000 a month for "consulting and related services."

For his part, Romney continued to parry uncomfortably questions about his tax
returns, which he has promised to release today.  He said his 2010 tax returns
and an estimate of his 2011 taxes would contain "no surprises." But he refused
to consider releasing additional years -- as his father, George Romney, had done
during his 1968 presidential bid.

Gingrich has been gaining ground. The nationwide Gallup Poll, based on a
five-day rolling average, on Monday put Romney at 29%, Gingrich at 28% --
reflecting a freefall by Romney, who had led Gingrich by 23 percentage points
eight days earlier. A Florida poll  Sunday and Monday by Public Policy Polling
showed Gingrich leading Romney, 38%-33%.

Each is being backed by millions in campaign ads. Romney's campaign and a super
PAC supporting him, Restore Our Future, have spent an estimated $9 million to
air ads in Florida. Meanwhile, the family of Gingrich benefactor Sheldon
Adelson, a casino billionaire, is pumping an additional $5 million into the
coffers of a super PAC supporting Gingrich, Winning Our Future, according to a
source with knowledge of the donation.

During the debate, the candidates blasted President Obama and largely concurred
on several issues with special resonance in Florida, from sugar subsidies to
NASA to the case of Terri Schiavo. Romney and Gingrich agreed the demise of
Fidel Castro should be cause for celebration -- a safe position in a state where
Cuban exiles and their descendants are a potent political force.

"You thank heavens that Fidel Castro has been sent home to his maker," Romney
said.

"I don't think that Fidel is going to meet his maker," Gingrich said. "I think
he's going to go to the other place."

Contributing: Fredreka Schouten in Washington

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Romney, Gingrich turn on the heat;
GOP rivals come out swinging in 1st Florida debate

BYLINE: Susan Page, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 873 words


Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney, his onetime lead among GOP voters
in Florida and nationwide evaporating, hammered Newt Gingrich as an influence
peddler and disgraced politician in a debate Monday marked by the most heated
and personal exchanges of the campaign to date.

At one point, Gingrich, who has been the master of the season's 18 debates,
briefly fell in a frustrated silence as he responded to Romney's rapid-fire
attacks for saying he was hired by mortgage giant Freddie Mac as "a historian"
and for advocating health care policies while being paid by health care
companies.

"You've been walking around this state saying things that are untrue," an irate
Gingrich replied, saying he had advocated policy positions as a concerned
citizen, not because of consulting contracts. That isn't lobbying, he said.

"You can call it whatever you like," Romney shot back. "I call it influence
peddling. It is not right."

The two men faced each other in a forum at the University of South Florida,
eight days before the state's crucial primary. At stake is not only Florida's 50
convention delegates -- the biggest prize to date -- but also a sense of
momentum and command in the most tumultuous Republican nomination battle of
modern times.

"The race continues with great doubts about the two leading Republican
candidates," political scientist Merle Black of Emory University in Atlanta said
before the debate. "Republicans haven't come close to closure."

Texas Rep. Ron Paul and former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum also
participated in the debate, hosted by NBC News, National Journal and the Tampa
Bay Times. Near the end, Santorum made an impassioned plea for his credentials
as a consistent conservative. On issues such as health care, he said of Romney
and Gingrich, "When push came to shove, they got pushed."

But the focus in Florida and the spotlight on stage were on the two men battling
for the front-runner's mantle.

The debate audience obeyed moderator Brian Williams' admonition not to cheer or
boo the candidates' comments, making the forum less chaotic and less energetic
than some previous ones. After three weeks of nearly uninterrupted campaigning
since the opening Iowa caucuses, the candidates themselves looked exhausted.

In response to the evening's opening question, Gingrich and Romney challenged
the other's ability to defeat President Obama in November.

Gingrich compared himself to Reagan, calling himself "exactly the kind of bold,
tough leader" that Americans want, "someone who is prepared to be controversial
when necessary." Romney cited his record in running the Salt Lake City Olympics
and said Gingrich "had to resign in disgrace" as House speaker after an ethics
controversy, a characterization Gingrich disputed.

After weeks of being on the defensive over his tax returns and the private
equity firm he founded, Romney was trying hard to put Gingrich on the defensive.
His campaign on Monday began to air a 30-second attack ad that linked Gingrich's
work for mortgage giant Freddie Mac with the housing bust that has crushed many
Floridians.

"While Florida families lost everything in the housing crisis, Newt Gingrich
cashed in," a narrator says. "Gingrich was paid over $1.6 million by the
scandal-ridden agency that helped create the crisis."

In the wake of Romney's demands, Gingrich's former consulting firm released a
copy of its contract with the quasi-governmental agency, showing the firm was
paid $25,000 a month for "consulting and related services."

For his part, Romney continued to parry uncomfortably questions about his tax
returns, which he has promised to release today.  He said his 2010 tax returns
and an estimate of his 2011 taxes would contain "no surprises." But he refused
to consider releasing additional years -- as his father, George Romney, had done
during his 1968 presidential bid.

Gingrich has been gaining ground. The nationwide Gallup Poll, based on a
five-day rolling average, on Monday put Romney at 29%, Gingrich at 28% --
reflecting a freefall by Romney, who had led Gingrich by 23 percentage points
eight days earlier. A Florida poll  Sunday and Monday by Public Policy Polling
showed Gingrich leading Romney, 38%-33%.

Each is being backed by millions in campaign ads. Romney's campaign and a super
PAC supporting him, Restore Our Future, have spent an estimated $9 million to
air ads in Florida. Meanwhile, the family of Gingrich benefactor Sheldon
Adelson, a casino billionaire, is pumping an additional $5 million into the
coffers of a super PAC supporting Gingrich, Winning Our Future, according to a
source with knowledge of the donation.

During the debate, the candidates blasted President Obama and largely concurred
on several issues with special resonance in Florida, from sugar subsidies to
NASA to the case of Terri Schiavo. Romney and Gingrich agreed the demise of
Fidel Castro should be cause for celebration -- a safe position in a state where
Cuban exiles and their descendants are a potent political force.

"You thank heavens that Fidel Castro has been sent home to his maker," Romney
said.

"I don't think that Fidel is going to meet his maker," Gingrich said. "I think
he's going to go to the other place."

Contributing: Fredreka Schouten in Washington

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday

Boca Chica can't define their style, but that's OK

BYLINE: Rege Behe

LENGTH: 501 words


Boca Chica always has made music that's hard to describe. Is it folk or
Americana, alternative or alt-country, or simply, a little bit of all of the
above?

The release of a new album, "Get Out of Sin City," will muddy the waters further
about the Boca Chica sound, but that's a good thing. The new songs are so
versatile and compelling, they'd sound good at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville
or the Whisky A-Go-Go in Los Angeles.

"I had a couple of different ideas going into recording of it, but I wanted the
basis of it to be a 1970s country bar band," lead singer Hallie Pritts says. "To
have that be at the core, to literally record the bass, drums and guitar (that
way) ... But to also have it a little more out there, overdubs and more detail,
things you wouldn't think go with that kind of band."

Boca Chica will release "Get Out of Sin City" on Saturday at Brillobox in
Lawrenceville.

The album title evokes Gram Parsons, the legendary musician who was a member of
the Flying Burrito Brothers, and the "The Gilded Palace of Sin" album. Pritts
notes those similarities, but says her influences for this release were
different.

"I do like Gram Parsons, but I think, for me, the influences were more Neil
Young, Loretta Lynn and, definitely, the first ladies of country, like Dolly
Parton and older Bobbie Gentry," she says.

Pritts is supported by a stalwart cast of musicians. Susanna Meyer (bass, flute
vocals), James Hart (pedal steel, banjo, mandolin, keyboards), Ricky Moslen
(percussion), Kraig Decker (keyboards) and j-vega (guitars, various other
instruments and production) are the core members, but other musicians from the
region also contribute. Notably, the band employed Cello Fury, the
Pittsburgh-based group that blends classical music with rock for a few numbers,
and covered "You're the Blues," by Nik Westman & the Central Plains. Greg Dutton
of Lohio designed the album's artwork.

"We've always done the collective thing," Pritts says. "But we have this core of
six."

Boca Chica might not have the highest profile at home, but they've done well in
a few areas across the country and in Europe. The song "Lake Erie" from the 2009
release "Lace Up Your Workboots" charted on radio stations in Knoxville, Tenn.,
and Asheville, N.C., and on Stanford University's radio station. Another song,
"Shake Your Party Dress," earned airplay across Europe.

There are a number of songs on the new record, especially "Marlene" and "Dear
Audrine," that would fit into any number of radio formats. It's just a matter of
the right programmer selecting the right song.

"I feel like no one can really ever answer the genre question about themselves,"
Pritts says. "Really, it depends on who's listening. If Americana people hear
it, and they're real Americana people, they'll say that's not real Americana at
all, but they like it. And indie rock people will say we're a country band, but
no one who is a country person would say we're a country band. I'm not quite
sure where we fit in, but that's OK."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 873 words


Police Blotter

Coeur d'Alene police

Ardis Pettibon reported Wednesday the $325 theft of a purse containing cash from
a Jeep Cherokee parked at the Kroc Center, 1765 W. Golf Course Road.

Kootenai County sheriff

Gary Ventress, Spirit Lake, reported Tuesday the $5,500 theft of a welder, tools
and safe and $100 damage to a door of a shop on the 10000 block of East
Remington Road in Athol.

News of Record

Criminal sentencings

Judge Clark Peterson

Michael S. Davis, 40, Coeur d'Alene; pedestrian under the influence of
alcohol/drugs; 30 days in jail.

Robert D. Nissen, 58, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (127 days suspended, 23 days credited), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Kyle E. Sexton, 24, St. Maries; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Judge John Luster

Alfred W. Pelletier, Richmond, N.C.; Count I: possession of a controlled
substance (less than three ounces of marijuana); $500 fine, one year in jail
(200 suspended) or 216 days county work program, two years probation. Count II:
use or possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use; $500 fine, one year
in jail (200 days suspended) or 216 days county work program, one year driver's
license suspension, two years probation. Count III: driving without privileges
(second offense); $500 fine, one year in jail (200 suspended) or 216 hours
county work program, one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.
Counts concurrent.

Judge Eugene Marano

Robert B. Schneider, 22, Hayden; dispensing alcohol to a minor; $1,000 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days suspended).

Alastair B. Hepburn Lohmeyer, 21, Post Falls; minor in possession of alcohol;
$1,000 fine, one year driver's license suspension.

Judge Scott Wayman

Nicholas E. Frey, 24, Fargo, N.D.; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $600 fine, $100 reimbursement to state lab.

Civil complaints

Capital One Bank v. Michael Wilk, seeking $2,846.

Capital One Bank v. Lisa Jackson, seeking $2,885.

FIA Card Services v. Crystal Corder, seeking $3,493.

American Express Bank v. Nick Rai, seeking $1,028.

Harvest Credit Management VII v. Robert Pope, seeking $2,377.

Thomas Heise v. Sara Harris, seeking $2,271.

Capital One Bank v. Patrick Wise, seeking $6,468.

Capital One Bank v. Kim Dandurand, seeking $1,750.

Larry Souza, dba Aabco Management v. Paulia Tillman, seeking $1,278.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Joel Jensen, seeking $1,870.

David Finley v. Julie Tennison, seeking $3,971.

David Finley v. Jeff Schoonover, seeking $3,971.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Candice Noyer, seeking $1,658.

Capital One Bank v. April Mueller, seeking $1,127.

Capital One Bank v. Emily Bishop, seeing $1,105.

Michael Saldutte v. Tim Labrosse D.D.S., seeking $1,538.

All Season Tire and Automotive v. David and Susan Turner, seeking $3,312.

GDC Distribution Inc. and Dale Rainey v. Chris Hinkley and Paskainos, seeking
$3,200.

Rob Barnard v. Landmark Steel Buildings Inc., seeking $2,500.

Holly Thompson v. Jon and Leroy Lovitt, seeking $2,300.

Civil judgments

Runge Finance Co. v. Alva Cotton, plaintiff awarded $3,683.

Madsen Law Offices P.C. v. Ross McCafferty, plaintiff awarded $6,311.

Ford Motor Credit Co. LLC v. Leah Donohoe-Taddie, plaintiff awarded $11,650.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Charles Cramer and Tamara Cramer, plaintiff awarded
$1,621.

GE Money Bank v. Daniel Robinson, plaintiff awarded $12,513.

Capital One Bank v. Michael McCollim, plaintiff awarded $4,475.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Shannon Bohanek, plaintiff awarded $1,961.

Excel National Bank v. Little Imagination Station Inc., plaintiff awarded
$5,511.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Edwin Mason and Sheri Mason, plaintiff awarded
$2,746.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Stevens and Brenda Stevens, plaintiff awarded
$3,147.

Shalin Inc. v. Caring Hands Inc., plaintiff awarded $16,478.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Rick Manning and Sabrina Beard, plaintiff awarded
$3,306.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Darek Varner and Trisha Varner, plaintiff awarded
$1,836.

Civil dismissals

American Express Bank v. Jay Vandergriff.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Robert Roe II.

Divorces sought

Shari M. Toews from Darcy Toews.

Ernest K. Akers from Stacy S. Akers.

Harold D. Lillie from Tanya D. Lillie.

William D. Anderson from Margie A. Anderson.

Heather M.L. Lett from Joseph D. Lett.

Divorces granted

Kristine A. Hankins from Dennis S. Hankins.

Amanda C. Wilson from Adam A. Wilson.

Lurley M. McMurdo from Dennis G. McMurdo.

Kelly Jo Schumacker from William G. Schumacker.

Bankruptcies

Filings from March 24.

Chapter 7 (liquidation petitions)

Aaron J. King, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $23,834.

Patrick D. and Linda L. Murphy, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $206,995.

Barbara A. Kline, Post Falls, debts of $408,886.

Richard Rasmussen and Misty S. Rasmussen, Post Falls, debts of $154,108.

James L. and Crystal D. Holloway, Rathdrum, debts of $32,785.

Chapter 13 (wage-earner petitions)

Richard O. and Joyce A. Dunn, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $255,604.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 873 words


Police Blotter

Coeur d'Alene police

Ardis Pettibon reported Wednesday the $325 theft of a purse containing cash from
a Jeep Cherokee parked at the Kroc Center, 1765 W. Golf Course Road.

Kootenai County sheriff

Gary Ventress, Spirit Lake, reported Tuesday the $5,500 theft of a welder, tools
and safe and $100 damage to a door of a shop on the 10000 block of East
Remington Road in Athol.

News of Record

Criminal sentencings

Judge Clark Peterson

Michael S. Davis, 40, Coeur d'Alene; pedestrian under the influence of
alcohol/drugs; 30 days in jail.

Robert D. Nissen, 58, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (127 days suspended, 23 days credited), 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Kyle E. Sexton, 24, St. Maries; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

Judge John Luster

Alfred W. Pelletier, Richmond, N.C.; Count I: possession of a controlled
substance (less than three ounces of marijuana); $500 fine, one year in jail
(200 suspended) or 216 days county work program, two years probation. Count II:
use or possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use; $500 fine, one year
in jail (200 days suspended) or 216 days county work program, one year driver's
license suspension, two years probation. Count III: driving without privileges
(second offense); $500 fine, one year in jail (200 suspended) or 216 hours
county work program, one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.
Counts concurrent.

Judge Eugene Marano

Robert B. Schneider, 22, Hayden; dispensing alcohol to a minor; $1,000 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (178 days suspended).

Alastair B. Hepburn Lohmeyer, 21, Post Falls; minor in possession of alcohol;
$1,000 fine, one year driver's license suspension.

Judge Scott Wayman

Nicholas E. Frey, 24, Fargo, N.D.; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $600 fine, $100 reimbursement to state lab.

Civil complaints

Capital One Bank v. Michael Wilk, seeking $2,846.

Capital One Bank v. Lisa Jackson, seeking $2,885.

FIA Card Services v. Crystal Corder, seeking $3,493.

American Express Bank v. Nick Rai, seeking $1,028.

Harvest Credit Management VII v. Robert Pope, seeking $2,377.

Thomas Heise v. Sara Harris, seeking $2,271.

Capital One Bank v. Patrick Wise, seeking $6,468.

Capital One Bank v. Kim Dandurand, seeking $1,750.

Larry Souza, dba Aabco Management v. Paulia Tillman, seeking $1,278.

LVNV Funding LLC v. Joel Jensen, seeking $1,870.

David Finley v. Julie Tennison, seeking $3,971.

David Finley v. Jeff Schoonover, seeking $3,971.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Candice Noyer, seeking $1,658.

Capital One Bank v. April Mueller, seeking $1,127.

Capital One Bank v. Emily Bishop, seeing $1,105.

Michael Saldutte v. Tim Labrosse D.D.S., seeking $1,538.

All Season Tire and Automotive v. David and Susan Turner, seeking $3,312.

GDC Distribution Inc. and Dale Rainey v. Chris Hinkley and Paskainos, seeking
$3,200.

Rob Barnard v. Landmark Steel Buildings Inc., seeking $2,500.

Holly Thompson v. Jon and Leroy Lovitt, seeking $2,300.

Civil judgments

Runge Finance Co. v. Alva Cotton, plaintiff awarded $3,683.

Madsen Law Offices P.C. v. Ross McCafferty, plaintiff awarded $6,311.

Ford Motor Credit Co. LLC v. Leah Donohoe-Taddie, plaintiff awarded $11,650.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Charles Cramer and Tamara Cramer, plaintiff awarded
$1,621.

GE Money Bank v. Daniel Robinson, plaintiff awarded $12,513.

Capital One Bank v. Michael McCollim, plaintiff awarded $4,475.

Portfolio Recovery Associates v. Shannon Bohanek, plaintiff awarded $1,961.

Excel National Bank v. Little Imagination Station Inc., plaintiff awarded
$5,511.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Edwin Mason and Sheri Mason, plaintiff awarded
$2,746.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. James Stevens and Brenda Stevens, plaintiff awarded
$3,147.

Shalin Inc. v. Caring Hands Inc., plaintiff awarded $16,478.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Rick Manning and Sabrina Beard, plaintiff awarded
$3,306.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Darek Varner and Trisha Varner, plaintiff awarded
$1,836.

Civil dismissals

American Express Bank v. Jay Vandergriff.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Robert Roe II.

Divorces sought

Shari M. Toews from Darcy Toews.

Ernest K. Akers from Stacy S. Akers.

Harold D. Lillie from Tanya D. Lillie.

William D. Anderson from Margie A. Anderson.

Heather M.L. Lett from Joseph D. Lett.

Divorces granted

Kristine A. Hankins from Dennis S. Hankins.

Amanda C. Wilson from Adam A. Wilson.

Lurley M. McMurdo from Dennis G. McMurdo.

Kelly Jo Schumacker from William G. Schumacker.

Bankruptcies

Filings from March 24.

Chapter 7 (liquidation petitions)

Aaron J. King, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $23,834.

Patrick D. and Linda L. Murphy, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $206,995.

Barbara A. Kline, Post Falls, debts of $408,886.

Richard Rasmussen and Misty S. Rasmussen, Post Falls, debts of $154,108.

James L. and Crystal D. Holloway, Rathdrum, debts of $32,785.

Chapter 13 (wage-earner petitions)

Richard O. and Joyce A. Dunn, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $255,604.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             January 9, 2009 Friday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Buddy: the making of a musical legend;
Weekend Books

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER SILVESTER

SECTION: FEATURES ; 52

LENGTH: 634  words


NOT FADE AWAY: THE LIFE AND MUSIC OF BUDDY HOLLY

Icon Books, GBP 12.99

IF his career is measured in terms of the number of records sold, Buddy Holly
would rank high, although the sales didn't take off until after his untimely
death at the age of 22 years and five months. But if it is measured in terms of
influence on other rock musicians, he ranks higher. Indeed, some would say he
ranks highest of all. The Beatles, the Stones, Eric Clapton, Bruce Springsteen -
all have acknowledged the impact of his music on their own artistic development.

Next month marks the 50th anniversary of his death and if you want an
introduction to the man and his music you should read this charming and
enthusiastic volume by John Gribbin, a Holly fan for those 50 years (though
better known as a popular science writer).

Holly was born in Lubbock, Texas, in September 1936, the youngest of three
brothers, and he took up the guitar at the age of 12, playing country and
western music, absorbing influences from bluegrass (which only permitted
acoustic stringed instruments), close-harmony singers, and rhythm 'n' blues, a
new strain of black music which he heard on a nightly radio show broadcast from
Shreveport, Louisiana.

Buddy started performing with another schoolmate, Bob Montgomery, while in
junior school, and once in high school, at the age of 16, he began performing
regularly and made his debut on a local radio station. When Buddy saw Elvis
Presley perform live in Lubbock (on a bill that included Carl Perkins and Johnny
Cash), he dropped bluegrass music entirely; and having hitherto been "relatively
restrained on stage as instrumentalist and second vocalist, became a much wilder
front man, favouring electric guitar rather than banjo, developing his own vocal
style by adding Elvis to his influences".

After recording some tracks with three other musicians at a local studio, Buddy
was signed to a one-year contract by industry giant Decca and recorded some
sessions in Nashville (though with Buddy just singing, not playing). One of
those sessions included an original composition by Buddy, That'll Be The Day,
inspired by a line of dialogue uttered by John Wayne in newly released western
The Searchers. Yet Decca failed to appreciate his talent and chose not to renew
Buddy's contract.

As Gribbin points out, the remainder of the Buddy Holly story is dominated by
one man, Norman Petty, who is both hero and villain.

It was at Petty's studio in Clovis, New Mexico, that Buddy re-recorded That'll
Be The Day and it was Petty who suggested releasing it as the A-side of Buddy's
first single.

PETTY also came up with the deception of releasing it in the name of the
Crickets, Buddy's hurriedly chosen name for the group, so as to avoid
contractual problems with Decca which owned the earlier Nashville recording. But
at the same time Petty also robbed Buddy Holly and the Crickets blind, falsely
claiming to pay two per cent out of their five-per-cent royalties as a tithe to
their churches.

In the 18 months between this, his first hit, and his death in an air crash
while on tour, Buddy enjoyed a large degree of artistic freedom, laying down
dozens of classic tracks and enjoying the effect his band had on audiences in
America, Australia and Britain.

His guitar style - in which he was able to produce a lead and rhythm sound at
the same time - was much admired and envied.

His British tour, as part of a package which culminated in a TV appearance, was
"the most significant and influential tour in the entire history of popular
music". Moreover, it was Buddy Holly "who made the Fender Stratocaster,
previously favoured by country musicians, the instrument of choice for rock
guitarists".

Buddy Holly deserves his hallowed place in the rock pantheon and Gribbin's
succinct and warm-hearted book shows us why.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            June 20, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants;

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 439 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Shelly R. Adair - 24, Fort Worth, Texas, forgery (two counts), $20,000 bond.

Cecil R. Andrews - 47, Hope, failure to appear/drug trafficking in marijuana,
failure to purchase a driver's license, $10,300 bond.

Michael W. Barton - 48, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/issuing an
insufficient funds check, $3,000 bond.

Alan M. Hodges - 32, Kalispell, Mont., parole violation/possession of a
controlled substance-cocaine, no bond.

Anthony N. Parkins - 26, Sandpoint, parole violation/possession of a controlled
substance, delivery of drugs, $40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Rosalio Aguilar-Leguizamo - 25, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving under
the influence, driving without privileges, $8,600 bond.

Christopher S. Alonzo - 22, Sandpoint, failure to comply/insufficient funds
check fraud, $127 bond.

William D. Alsup - 35, Sandpoint, failure to comply/criminal trespass, $1,000
bond.

Gregory G. Anderson

- 40, Spokane, failure to comply/inattentive or careless driving, injury to
children, three days in jail.

James W. Anderson - 37, Noxon, Mont., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $6,000 bond.

Matthew S. Anderson - 41, Malta, Mont., failure to comply/driving under the
influence, $6,000 bond.

Tracy L. Anderson - 40, Priest River, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $1,500 bond.

Mark T. Andker - 37, Deer Park, Wash., failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $2,500 bond.

Ryan A. Apling - 22, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $5,000 bond.

Frank Barajas Jr. - 23, Paradise, Mont., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, unlawful transport/open container of alcohol, $2,000 bond.

Douglas S. Barlow - 37, Spokane, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Robert E. Barringer Jr. - 21, Kootenai, failure to appear/trespass,
resisting/obstructing officers, $500 bond.

Rok T. Bass - 29, Coeur d'Alene, failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; paraphernalia, driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $2,390 bond.

Joshua J. DeVita - 23, Careywood, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud (five counts), $1,000 bond.

Richard W. Hunter Sr. - 42, Sandpoint, failure to comply/inattentive driving,
six days in jail.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: *Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              March 7, 2005 Monday

On theRecord

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 355 words


Court notes

Misdemeanors

Alcohol -- Nathaniel C. Hanks, 27, of the 700 block of East Douglas Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Daniel L. Blanchette, 22, of the 200 block of Lindell, Normal, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- James O. Flanagan, 42, El Paso, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol and conviction for failure to reduce speed to avoid accident. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Brandon D. Dennis, 22, Springfield, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol and conviction for illegal transportation of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Leon L. Morris, 54, Peoria, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol and fined $200 and sentenced to concurrent six months of court
supervision for operating an uninsured motor vehicle. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Julie Lynn Ander, 21, of the 1200 block of West Hovey Avenue, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Andrew Joseph Held, 24, Orange Park, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and 30 days in jail, stayed
pending remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol and
conviction for illegal transportation of alcohol. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Timothy A. Call, 35, of the 1200 block of Orchard Road, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 3, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

GOING ON IN THE NORTHEAST

BYLINE: By JOAN COOK

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 22, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 542 words



AIRING INDEPENDENCE

At noon on July 8, 1776, the Declaration of Independence was publicly read for
the first time in State House Yard in Philadelphia. The anniversary of that
reading will be marked on that site at noon Friday in Independence Square in a
ceremony sponsored by the National Park Service.

The declaration will get another public reading and park rangers in period
costumes will be on hand to answer questions. The bell in Independence Hall
Tower will ring at the conclusion of the ceremony.

''Portraits of the Capital City'' will be on view from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. at the
Second Bank of the United States, half a block from Independence Hall. About 160
portraits of the Founding Fathers, many painted from life by Charles Willson
Peale, are part of an exhibit that will be on display indefinitely. The bank is
on Chestnut Street between Fourth and Fifth Streets. Admission is free.

Information: (215) 597-8974.

MUSIC FESTIVAL

A concert of 20th century music will be offered in an outdoor tent at 8:30 P.M.
Saturday at Waterloo Village, the restored hamlet of 18th- and 19th-century
colonial buildings and homes in northwestern New Jersey.

James DePreist will conduct the Waterloo Music Festival Orchestra with the
pianist Rudolf Firkusny performing the Piano Concerto No. 2 written by his Czech
compatriot, Bohuslav Martinu. Mr. Firkusny performed the world premiere of the
concerto 53 years ago in Prague.

The program also includes ''Lyric for Strings'' by George Walker, who is a
resident of New Jersey.

Seating beneath the tent, priced at $17.50 and $22.50, is available from the box
office. Lawn space is $10; bring your own seats. Picnics are welcome in advance
of the performance.

Waterloo Village is one hour from Manhattan, Exit 25 off Route 80.

Information: (201) 347-4700.

PRINTS EXHIBITED

Selections from the traveling collection of the works of John Muafangejo, one of
South Africa's best known printmakers, who died last year at the age of 43, can
be seen at African Influence, 150 Lincoln Street in Boston through July 21.

The collection, ''Works of Spirit and Struggle,'' contains 35 pieces, the
largest showing of the artist's work outside Southern Africa, ranging from
decorative, whimsical animal studies of Namibia to political images.

Edward Lucie Smith, the British art critic, wrote of Muafangejo in 1983:
''Muafangejo is consistently the best of all the modern masters of this medium
and deserves to be looked at as a printmaker of world class.''

The gallery is open from 10 A.M. to 6 P.M., Monday through Saturday. Admission
is free. Information: (617) 426-3366.

ART GARDEN GROWS

The Baltimore Museum of Art has opened a two-acre addition to its Wurtzburger
Sculpture Garden.

The new addition, the Ryda and Robert H. Levi Sculpture Garden, has 14
sculptures by artists including Joan Miro, Louise Nevelson, Isamu Noguchi, Jim
Dine, Scott Burton, Ellsworth Kelly, Jose de Rivera and Barry Flanagan. They are
situated amid a landscape of trees and flowering shrubs.

The Levi Garden is open to the public in the museum's regular hours, 10 A.M. to
4 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday and 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. Saturday and Sunday.
Admission is free.

Information: (301) 396-7101.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of work by John Muafangejo on display in exhibition at African
Influence Gallery

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Regulatory update: United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission has issued Order
regarding ( ML16363A174) Entergy - Transmittal of 2016 Recertification of
Foreign Ownership Control or Influence (FOCI) and Request for FOCI
Redetermination.

LENGTH: 978  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission has issued the
following document:



 oo ·-~ Entergx Entergy Operations, Inc.

 Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc.

 1340 Echelon Parkway

 Jackson, Mississippi 39213-8298

 Tel. 601-368-5516

 December 20, 2016

 CNR0-2016-00024

 Bryan S. Ford

 Sr. Manager, Fleet Regulatory Assurance

 Document Control Desk

 Information Security Branch

 Division of Security Operations

 Office of Nuclear Security and Incident Response

 U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission

 11555 Rockville Pike

 Rockville, Maryland 20852-2738

 SUBJECT:



 References:

 Dear Sir or Madam:

 Entergy - 2016 Recertification of Foreign Ownership Control or Influence

 (FOCI) and Request for FOCI Redetermination

 Arkansas Nuclear One, Units 1 &2; Big Rock Point; Grand Gulf Nuclear

 Station; Indian Point Energy Center, Units 1, 2, and 3; James A.

 FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant; Palisades Nuclear Plant, Pilgrim

 Nuclear Power Station, River Bend Station, Vermont Yankee Nuclear

 Power Station, and Waterford 3 Steam Electric Station

 1. NRC letter, Bernard W. Stapleton to John F. Mccann, dated,

 December 21, 2011, regarding Entergy- 201 O Recertification of

 Foreign Ownership Control or Influence (FOCI) and Request for

 FOCI Redetermination

 2. Entergy response to FOCI RAls dated August 23, 2004, (CNR0-

 2004-00056)

 Entergy Operations, Inc., (EOI) and Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc. (ENOI)
(herein after

 collectively referred to as "Entergy") are submitting with this letter their
2016 annual

 recertification of any Foreign Ownership Control or Influence (FOCI) changes.
This recertification

 is required to retain a favorable FOCI determination. Entergy is also filing

 documentation necessary to initiate the FOCI redetermination process due 5
years after the

 date of the last final facility clearance approval (Reference 1.)

 Since their previous filings, EOI and ENOI have undergone some transition in
their officers,

 directors and executive personnel, as reflected in the attached Owners,
Officers, Directors,

 and Executive Personnel (OODEP) forms. Of note, Mr. Jeff Forbes retired and was


 succeeded by Mr. A. Christopher Bakken Ill as CEO and CNO of EOI and ENOI. As
was

 NSl~DCZ

 CNR0-2016-00024

 Page 2 of 3

 with Mr. Forbes, all nuclear employees ultimately report to Mr. Bakken who is
currently

 applied for L-clearance to classified information. The current rosters of EOI
and ENOI

 officers are as shown on the attached OODEP forms. All Entergy nuclear sites

 captioned above are covered by this FOCI recertification and redetermination
request.

 None of the Entergy's nuclear operating officers or its nuclear employees holds


 positions with any foreign companies.

 In accordance with national policy, Entergy hereby certifies that (1) no
significant

 changes have occurred in the extent and nature of FOCI that would affect
Entergy's

 answer to the questions provided in its Certificate Pertaining to Foreign
Interest, (2) no

 changes have occurred)in the organization ownership, and (3) changes that have

 occurred in the organization's owners, officers, directors, and executive
personnel are

 as shown in the attached OODEP forms for EOI and ENOI.

 Entergy will re-certify our FOCI annually from the date of the next FOCI
redetermination

 or one year from the date of this letter if earlier, or when otherwise
requested by the

 NRC.

 We understand that when the time limit from the date of our Certificate
Pertaining to

 Foreign interests expires and an active need still exists that requires a FOCI

 determination, a new comprehensive Certificate Pertaining to Foreign Interests,
along

 with current financial information must be submitted to NRC/DNS for a FOCI

 redetermination. Our current FOCI determination expires December 20, 2016.

 Enclosed herewith is the documentation necessary for NRC/DNS to initiate its

 redetermination process.

 For the reasons previously outlined in Reference 2 we are providing the
information

 requested in Form SF 328a sit pertains to EOI and ENOI, and not to Entergy

 Corporation. The Board resolutions adopted in 2004 by EOI, ENOI, and Entergy

 Corporation (EC) remain in effect serving as insulation tools to ensure that
EOI and

 ENOI have been delegated full authority to act independently of the
aforementioned

 parent organization (EC) in matters which relate to the responsibility of
safeguarding

 classified information to which EOI and ENOI has access. The resolutions also
ensure

 that EC will not have access to classified information being used or handled by
EOI and

 ENOI.

 This letter contains no new commitments. Should you have any questions please

 contact Mr. Bryan S. Ford at (601) 368-5516.

 Sincerely,

 BSF/aye/ab

 Attachments 1 &2 contain Pll. When separated from the attached documents, this
cover letter does

 not contain Pll, and is uncontrolled.

 CNR0-2016-00024

 Page 3 of 3

 Attachment: 1. ORIGINAL OODEP and SF 328 for Entergy Operations, Inc.

 2. ORIGINAL OODEP and SF 328 for Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc.

 3. List of Documents on Compact Disc

 o\

 Enclosure: 1. Compact Disc containing PDF of documents listed in Attachment 3.

 cc: (All w/ Attachments, SSN redacted, w/o Enclosure)

 Mr. A.C. Bakken 111 (ECH)

 Mr. J.A. Ventosa (ECH)

 Mr. T.J. Vitale (IPEC)

 Mr. B. Sulljvan (JAF)

 Mr. C. Chappell (VY)

 Mr. V. Fallacara (GGNS).

 Mr. M.R. Chisum (WF3)

 Mr. F.R. Dacimo (License Renewal)

 NRC Regional Administrators (Regions I, Ill, and IV)

 Mr. L. Coyle (ECH)

 Ms. D. Jacobs (ECH)

 Mr. J. Dent (PNPS)

 Mr. C.F. Arnone (PAL)

 Mr. R.L. Anderson (ANO)

 Mr. W.F. Maguire (RBS)

 Mr. Jack R. Davis (ECH)

 NRC PMs (ANO, GGNS, IPEC, JAF, PAL, PNPS, RBS, WF3, VY)

 Site Resident Inspectors

 Mr. D. Hase (NRC-ISB)

 \.

 Attachments 1 &2 contain Pll. When separated from the attached documents, this
cover letter does

 not contain Pll, and is uncontrolled. ·



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Regulatory update: United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission has issued Order
regarding ( ML16363A174) Entergy - Transmittal of 2016 Recertification of
Foreign Ownership Control or Influence (FOCI) and Request for FOCI
Redetermination.

LENGTH: 978  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission has issued the
following document:



 oo ·-~ Entergx Entergy Operations, Inc.

 Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc.

 1340 Echelon Parkway

 Jackson, Mississippi 39213-8298

 Tel. 601-368-5516

 December 20, 2016

 CNR0-2016-00024

 Bryan S. Ford

 Sr. Manager, Fleet Regulatory Assurance

 Document Control Desk

 Information Security Branch

 Division of Security Operations

 Office of Nuclear Security and Incident Response

 U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission

 11555 Rockville Pike

 Rockville, Maryland 20852-2738

 SUBJECT:



 References:

 Dear Sir or Madam:

 Entergy - 2016 Recertification of Foreign Ownership Control or Influence

 (FOCI) and Request for FOCI Redetermination

 Arkansas Nuclear One, Units 1 &2; Big Rock Point; Grand Gulf Nuclear

 Station; Indian Point Energy Center, Units 1, 2, and 3; James A.

 FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant; Palisades Nuclear Plant, Pilgrim

 Nuclear Power Station, River Bend Station, Vermont Yankee Nuclear

 Power Station, and Waterford 3 Steam Electric Station

 1. NRC letter, Bernard W. Stapleton to John F. Mccann, dated,

 December 21, 2011, regarding Entergy- 201 O Recertification of

 Foreign Ownership Control or Influence (FOCI) and Request for

 FOCI Redetermination

 2. Entergy response to FOCI RAls dated August 23, 2004, (CNR0-

 2004-00056)

 Entergy Operations, Inc., (EOI) and Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc. (ENOI)
(herein after

 collectively referred to as "Entergy") are submitting with this letter their
2016 annual

 recertification of any Foreign Ownership Control or Influence (FOCI) changes.
This recertification

 is required to retain a favorable FOCI determination. Entergy is also filing

 documentation necessary to initiate the FOCI redetermination process due 5
years after the

 date of the last final facility clearance approval (Reference 1.)

 Since their previous filings, EOI and ENOI have undergone some transition in
their officers,

 directors and executive personnel, as reflected in the attached Owners,
Officers, Directors,

 and Executive Personnel (OODEP) forms. Of note, Mr. Jeff Forbes retired and was


 succeeded by Mr. A. Christopher Bakken Ill as CEO and CNO of EOI and ENOI. As
was

 NSl~DCZ

 CNR0-2016-00024

 Page 2 of 3

 with Mr. Forbes, all nuclear employees ultimately report to Mr. Bakken who is
currently

 applied for L-clearance to classified information. The current rosters of EOI
and ENOI

 officers are as shown on the attached OODEP forms. All Entergy nuclear sites

 captioned above are covered by this FOCI recertification and redetermination
request.

 None of the Entergy's nuclear operating officers or its nuclear employees holds


 positions with any foreign companies.

 In accordance with national policy, Entergy hereby certifies that (1) no
significant

 changes have occurred in the extent and nature of FOCI that would affect
Entergy's

 answer to the questions provided in its Certificate Pertaining to Foreign
Interest, (2) no

 changes have occurred)in the organization ownership, and (3) changes that have

 occurred in the organization's owners, officers, directors, and executive
personnel are

 as shown in the attached OODEP forms for EOI and ENOI.

 Entergy will re-certify our FOCI annually from the date of the next FOCI
redetermination

 or one year from the date of this letter if earlier, or when otherwise
requested by the

 NRC.

 We understand that when the time limit from the date of our Certificate
Pertaining to

 Foreign interests expires and an active need still exists that requires a FOCI

 determination, a new comprehensive Certificate Pertaining to Foreign Interests,
along

 with current financial information must be submitted to NRC/DNS for a FOCI

 redetermination. Our current FOCI determination expires December 20, 2016.

 Enclosed herewith is the documentation necessary for NRC/DNS to initiate its

 redetermination process.

 For the reasons previously outlined in Reference 2 we are providing the
information

 requested in Form SF 328a sit pertains to EOI and ENOI, and not to Entergy

 Corporation. The Board resolutions adopted in 2004 by EOI, ENOI, and Entergy

 Corporation (EC) remain in effect serving as insulation tools to ensure that
EOI and

 ENOI have been delegated full authority to act independently of the
aforementioned

 parent organization (EC) in matters which relate to the responsibility of
safeguarding

 classified information to which EOI and ENOI has access. The resolutions also
ensure

 that EC will not have access to classified information being used or handled by
EOI and

 ENOI.

 This letter contains no new commitments. Should you have any questions please

 contact Mr. Bryan S. Ford at (601) 368-5516.

 Sincerely,

 BSF/aye/ab

 Attachments 1 &2 contain Pll. When separated from the attached documents, this
cover letter does

 not contain Pll, and is uncontrolled.

 CNR0-2016-00024

 Page 3 of 3

 Attachment: 1. ORIGINAL OODEP and SF 328 for Entergy Operations, Inc.

 2. ORIGINAL OODEP and SF 328 for Entergy Nuclear Operations, Inc.

 3. List of Documents on Compact Disc

 o\

 Enclosure: 1. Compact Disc containing PDF of documents listed in Attachment 3.

 cc: (All w/ Attachments, SSN redacted, w/o Enclosure)

 Mr. A.C. Bakken 111 (ECH)

 Mr. J.A. Ventosa (ECH)

 Mr. T.J. Vitale (IPEC)

 Mr. B. Sulljvan (JAF)

 Mr. C. Chappell (VY)

 Mr. V. Fallacara (GGNS).

 Mr. M.R. Chisum (WF3)

 Mr. F.R. Dacimo (License Renewal)

 NRC Regional Administrators (Regions I, Ill, and IV)

 Mr. L. Coyle (ECH)

 Ms. D. Jacobs (ECH)

 Mr. J. Dent (PNPS)

 Mr. C.F. Arnone (PAL)

 Mr. R.L. Anderson (ANO)

 Mr. W.F. Maguire (RBS)

 Mr. Jack R. Davis (ECH)

 NRC PMs (ANO, GGNS, IPEC, JAF, PAL, PNPS, RBS, WF3, VY)

 Site Resident Inspectors

 Mr. D. Hase (NRC-ISB)

 \.

 Attachments 1 &2 contain Pll. When separated from the attached documents, this
cover letter does

 not contain Pll, and is uncontrolled. ·



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                              May 31, 2013 Friday

District justice records for Friday, May 31

BYLINE: THE EVENING SUN

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


District Justice Little

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Tony Little:

Ryan P. Soverns, 375 Green Ridge Road, New Oxford, paid $439.86 fine and costs
for a harassment charge filed by state police.

Tammy Gaines, 315 Main St., York Springs, paid $177.50 fine and costs for an
illegal absence from school charge filed by Bermudian Springs School District.

Kevin E. Weaver, 5885 Hanover Road, Hanover, paid $296 fine and costs for a
harassment charge filed by state police.

Harry R. Witman, 15 Canal St., Middletown, paid $247.50 fine and costs for a
harassment charge filed by state police.

Barbara J. Harford, 160 Municipal Road, Hanover, paid $676 fine and costs for an
application for license violation filed by the dog law officer.

Rachael Miller-Flood, 210 North Fourth St., McSherrystown, paid $376fine and
costs for an illegal absence from school charge filed by Conewago Valley School
District.

Rodolfo Moreno, 102 Cider Drive, York Springs, paid $177.50 fine and cost for an
illegal absence from school charge filed by Bermudian Springs School District.

John P. Barbaro, 102 York St., Gettysburg, bad checks charge filed by New Oxford
Shurfine, waived to court.

Charles A. Dagino, 5830 Westbury Drive, Enola, driving under the influence and
related charge filed by state police, waived to court.

Kendall M. Keith, Satellite Beach, Fla., driving under the influence and related
charges filed by state police, waived to court.

District Justice Beauchat

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Mark
Beauchat:

David G. Clinedinst, 999C Brysonia Wenksville Road, Biglerville, paid $347.50
fine and costs for a public drunkenness charge filed by state police.

Madeline H. Sepulveda, 725 Middle St., Aspers, use or possession of drug
paraphernalia and public drunkenness, charges filed by state police, waived to
court.

Amanda Hollinger, 330 Detters Mill Road, Dover, paid $444.50 fine and cots for a
scattering rubbish charge filed by Hamiltonban Township Police.

District Justice Carr

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Thomas Carr:

Thomas P. Montoya, 130 Goldenville Road, Gettysburg, driving under the influence
and related charges filed by state police, waived to court.

John P. Barbaro, no fixed address, theft by deception, criminal conspiracy to
commit theft by deception, criminal conspiracy to commit bad checks and bad
checks, charges filed by state police, waived to court.

John P. Mason, 657 Curtis Drive, Gettysburg, driving under the influence and
related charges filed by state police, waived to court.

Wayne E. Tuckey, 2540 Shippensburg Road, Biglerville, driving under the
influence and related charges filed by state police, waived to court.

Arik, J. White, 439 Village Drive, Gettysburg, retail theft charge filed by
state police, waived to court.

John P. Barbaro, 102 York St., Gettysburg, bad check and theft by deception
charges filed by Gettysburg Police, waived to court.

Ernest G. Turnbull III, 113 Seminary Ave., Gettysburg, driving under the
influence and related charges filed by Gettysburg Police, waived to court.

District Justice Bowman

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Daniel
Bowman:

Ronald W. Hafer, 104 W. King St., Littlestown, paid $340.50 fine and costs for a
harassment charge filed by Littlestown Police.

Richard P. Kane, 448 Logan Drive, Westminster, Md., paid $303 fine and costs for
a harassment charge filed by McSherrystown Police.

Barry E. Berman, 856 Ewing Drive, Westminster, Md., paid $190.50 fine and costs
for a disorderly conduct charge filed by Littlestown Police.

Robert A. Bankert, 332 Church St., Hanover, paid $190.50 fine and costs for a
public drunkenness charge filed by Conewago Police.

Isaac C. Dori, 611 Ridge Ave., McSherrystown, paid $538.42 fine and costs for a
harassment charge filed by Conewago Police.

Douglas Suppa, 220 N. Fifth St., McSherrystown, paid $403.48 fine and costs for
a retail theft charge filed by McSherrystown Police.

Ronald Hafer, 104 W. King St., Littlestown, paid $277.50 fine and costs for an
illegal absence from school charge filed by Maple Avenue Middle School.

Ronald Hafer, 104 W. King St., Littlestown, paid $187 fine and costs for an
illegal absence from school charge filed by Littlestown High School.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 14, 2012 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 891 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Cristy Moore reported Thursday the $2,000 theft of an air conditioner from a
business at 2307 N. Fourth St.

Kootenai County sheriff

Scott Freeman, Hayden, reported Tuesday $1,100 damage to the windshield and hood
of his 2006 Hummer parked at Shanty Bar and Grill, 4711 W. Ferrel Road in Coeur
d'Alene.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Penny Friedlander

Johnny S. Coontz, 39, Rathdrum; driving under the influence (second offense);
$2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (313 days suspended, 22 days
credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension,
two years probation.

Anthony G. Vela, 25, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 90 days in
jail (47 days credited).

Ryan D. Cottrill, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (140 days suspended) or 72 hours county work program, 30 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

David W. Brown, 58, Spokane; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (174 days suspended) or 24 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Julie A. Mazzuca, 51, Athol; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Charles D. Mesec, 55, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 59 days in
jail (29 days credited).

Kevin L. McKuin, 30, Hayden; Count I: disturbing the peace; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended), two years probation. Count
II: violation of a no-contact order; $500 fine ($300 suspended), one year in
jail (321 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, two years probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Sean K. Lee, 19, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; five days in
jail or proof of completion of Alive at 25 class.

Bert J. Bozarth, 62, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: careless driving; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, one year probation. Count II: driving without privileges; $300 fine, 10
days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Robby T. Martinez, aka Brian Best, 18, Coeur d'Alene; failure to purchase a
driver's license; $206 fine, 48 days in jail (credited).

Sahra R. Vendegrift, 38, Coeur d'Alene; petty theft; five days in jail, 40 hours
community service.

Judge Eugene Marano

Katherine E. Chitwood, 64, Cataldo; criminal trespass; $137 fine, $250
restitution to victims.

Ernesto Sanchez Jr., 37, Coeur d'Alene; invalid driver's license; $1,000 fine
($700 suspended), $300 reimbursement for defense, 180 days in jail (175 days
suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Jessica M. Hill, 33, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 30 days in
jail or proof of completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

James E. Witten, 57, Rathdrum; petty theft; $1,000 fine ($700 suspended), one
year probation (355 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years
probation.

Stacy K. Windsor, 58, Coeur d'Alene; disturbing the peace; 90 days in jail (60
days suspended, 30 days credited), two years probation.

Judge Barry Watson

Justin J. Pratt, 28, Coeur d'Alene; domestic battery/assault enhancement; $300
fine, one year in jail (333 days suspended), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two
years probation.

Civil complaints

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Richard Smith and Erica Smith, seeking $1,172.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Tesa Meredith, seeking $1,293.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Dwight Troester and Leanne Troester, seeking
$20,304.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Tiffany Parker, seeking $1,618.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Collette McKervey, seeking $1,363.

Michael Lewis v. Kevin Mitchell and Corey Jeppeson, dba Coinuts, seeking
$38,154.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Richard Cluster and
Evelyn Cluster, seeking $1,040.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Martha Bartlett,
seeking $2,780.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Stacy Morris, seeking $1,000.

Fitting Mechanical Inc. and Bruce Fitting v. AR Coatings Shop, Reid Dresser and
Anna McDonald, seeking $3,426.

Civil judgments

Discover Bank v. Michelle Borders, plaintiff awarded $7,018.

Fastbucks of Post Falls LLC v. Joshua Reed, plaintiff awarded $1,086.

Service Masters of North Idaho v. Ken Watkins, plaintiff awarded $1,167.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Diana and Jim Witherspoon, plaintiff awarded
$2,326.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Christopher Strope, plaintiff awarded $3,855.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Andrea Williams, plaintiff awarded $1,051.

Danny Groby II v. Rebecca Henderson, plaintiff awarded $5,000.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Bernard Piaskowski, plaintiff awarded $4,898.

Civil dismissals

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Gwen Kelley.

Marriage annulments sought

Michele D. Childers from Marty Childers.

Divorces sought

Tamera L. Knaack from Frank L. Knaack.

Rachel A. Ralston from Jon R. Ralston.

Jerry A. Flannery from Toni R. Flannery.

Divorces granted

Daniel D. Holmes from Jennifer R. Holmes.

Jason M. Castle from Kayla P. Castle.

Stanton T. McDaniel from Melinda F. Eversol.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            February 10, 2008 Sunday

Daily Dish: 2/10/2008

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: DISH

LENGTH: 687 words


Fleiss facing drug charges after run-in with cops

Former Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss was arrested in Nevada Thursday on charges
of illegal possession of prescription drugs and driving under the influence,
authorities said.

Fleiss was pulled over at about 9:30 a.m. by sheriff's deputies responding to a
report of a possible drunken driver, the Nye County sheriff's office said.

Fleiss, 42, and a passenger in the car, John Owen, were found to be under the
influence of a controlled substance, the sheriff's office said. Fleiss had
prescription medication but could not produce a valid prescription, the
sheriff's office said.

Fleiss was arrested on four counts, including possession of dangerous drugs
without a prescription and driving under the influence. Owen, 53, was arrested
on charges of being under the influence of a controlled substance and possession
of marijuana.

Mellencamp to McCain: Turn the music off

Rocker John Mellencamp's message got through loud and clear to Republican John
McCain's presidential campaign. Mellencamp, a noted liberal, was none too sure
that McCain should be playing Mellencamp's song "Our Country" at campaign
events. Mellencamp supported Democrat John Edwards and, according to his
publicist, wondered why the conservative McCain would want to play songs "that
have a very populist pro-labor message." A McCain spokesman said Mellencamp's
songs would no longer be played.

Burton's ex-girlfriend suing for assets

Mediation talks collapsed between Tim Burton and his ex-girlfriend, who claims
she was cheated out of her rights to assets that the director promised her
during their nearly decade-long relationship, attorneys said.

The legal fight is scheduled to play out before Los Angeles Superior Court Judge
Harold I. Cherness on Aug. 12.

Lisa Marie, a former Calvin Klein model, met Burton in 1991 and went on to star
in several of his movies while they lived together. Burton broke up with her 10
years later.

In December 2006, Marie sued Burton, saying he promised her that they would
"combine their efforts and earnings and would share equally any and all"
accumulated property. The lawsuit also claimed that Burton said he would
financially support her for the rest of her life.

After the split, Marie said she consulted with an attorney who told her she
would have little chance of prevailing in a palimony suit, the lawsuit said.
Marie claims the lawyer colluded with Burton and persuaded her to enter into
contracts with the director that deprived her of her rights.

According to court papers filed by Burton's lawyer, the director gave Marie $5
million to sign a contract releasing him from any further claims to his assets.

Bacon to be honored at Berkshire Film Fest

Kevin Bacon will be honored at this year's Berkshire International Film
Festival.

Festival executive director Kelley Vickery says Bacon will receive the
Achievement in Film Award on May 16 during a presentation at the Mahaiwe
Performing Arts Center in Great Barrington.

Vickery says his selection is consistent with the festival's goal of honoring
someone with strong ties to the community. Bacon has a home in northwest
Connecticut.

Bacon made his film debut in Animal House in 1978 and received a Golden Globe
nomination in 1994 for his work in The River Wild. Last year's honoree was
director Arthur Penn, a Stockbridge resident.

Leo's neighbors aren't feeling so neighborly

It's hardly a titanic struggle, but a dispute between Leonardo DiCaprio and his
neighbors isn't departing anytime soon.

DiCaprio and the cousin from whom he rents a house are suing dozens of building
contractors in an ongoing legal fight over a basketball court that neighbors
claim destabilized their Hollywood Hills property.

The cross-complaint filed Jan. 30 lists contractors hired by the neighbors and
by DiCaprio and cousin Robert Hrtica themselves.

Neighbors Joan and Robert Linclau sued DiCaprio and Hrtica in May for at least
$250,000 in damages. They claimed their property was illegally excavated and
some plants removed in 2004. They also said the work undermined a slope behind
their home and left their deck and pool in danger of collapse.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 522 words


NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Charles Hosack

Brian M. Lamb, 30, Coeur d'Alene; felony driving under the influence; one year
determinate penitentiary time, three years indeterminate penitentiary time, $450
reimbursement for defense and prosecution, one year driver's license suspension
upon release.

Judge Eugene Marano

Donald L. DePriest, 29, Hayden Lake; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Christopher C. Bonderenko, 25, Post Falls; Count I: failure to provide proof of
insurance; $1,000 fine (suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), two
years probation. Count II: driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Richard T. Davis, 31, Spokane; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine ($700
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Jesse L. Seid, 19, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days in
jail (147 days suspended, 13 days credited), 20 days unscheduled jail time, 180
days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

Stephen J. Zaborski, 39, Hayden; exceeding the allowable gross loads weight;
$1,919 fine, 30 days in jail (suspended), two years probation.

Civil complaints

North Idaho Credit v. Craig Sharum and Belva Sharum, seeking $4,059.

Bank of America v. Amanda Stevens, seeking $1,544.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Peter Phillips and
Heather Phillips, seeking $1,294.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Michelle Bulow,
seeking $5,259.

Richard and Catherine Buechler v. Nicholas and Brandi Sand, seeking an amount to
be proved at trial.

Collection Bureau Inc. v. John Dorsey, seeking $33,325.

North Idaho Credit v. David Rohde and Shawndee Rohde, seeking $1,390.

North Idaho Credit v. Dana Mehr, seeking $4,538.

North Idaho Credit v. James Sanborn and Staci Sanborn, seeking $3,416.

North Idaho Credit v. Lesley Ove and Jennifer Ove, seeking $6,789.

North Idaho Credit v. Mark Tirri and Shari Tirri, seeking $1,444.

North Idaho Credit v. Robert Porto and Jennifer Porto, seeking $3,698.

North Idaho Credit v. Silvia Regjovich, seeking $1,115.

North Idaho Credit v. Charles Walt and Wendee Walt, seeking $1,299.

North Idaho Credit v. Dustin Willford, seeking $1,028.

North Idaho Credit v. Matthew Radeck, seeking $3,750.

North Idaho Credit v. Jennifer Woodman, seeking $1,091.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services v. Christopher Harris, plaintiff awarded $2,965.

Chapman Financial Services v. Edward Hartz and Suzanne Hartz, plaintiff awarded
$8,450.

Chapman Financial Services v. Gail Fitzgerald, plaintiff awarded $1,521.

Chapman Financial Services v. Christine Boyd, plaintiff awarded $1,074.

Gustav Harras v. Phillip Grohs, plaintiff awarded $3,080.

Divorces sought

Dena M. Bray from Marty G. Bray.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 5, 2005 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 326 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

Kootenai County has a backlog of more than 3,400 active warrants. Officials are
asking the public for information about the following people, identified by
name, age, last known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the
warrant. If you have information, please contact the sheriff's department at
(208) 446-1300.

FELONIES

Daniel E. Borley - 39, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/felony driving under the
influence; no bond.

Cole C. Karns - 31, Boise, rape, failure to appear/obstructing, $251,000 bond.

Robert L. Pierce - 45, Spokane, forgery, $30,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Eli Goodner - 27, Pinehurst, failure to appear/driving while suspended, $2,000
bond.

Elizabeth N. Groves - 18, Rathdrum, failure to appear/grand theft, $500 bond.

Rodney J. Hunter - 39, Athol, failure to appear/driving while suspended, no
proof of insurance, $5,000 bond.

Sabrina A. Inman - 27, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, driving while suspended, $1,000 bond.

Timothy J. Matheson - 37, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/domestic battery,
$5,000 bond.

James G. Medrano - 41, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/failure to carry
driver's license, providing false info to law enforcement, $500 bond.

Jesse W. Neff - 28, Pinehurst, failure to appear/malicious injury to property,
$300 bond.

Wayne L. Newkirk - 44, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/battery, open container,
$2,500 bond.

Cynthia A. Schaffer - 24, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/invalid driver's
license, five days in jail.

Dustin L. Schmidt - 24, Hayden, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
$2,000 bond.

Joseph A. Spears - 18, Rathdrum, failure to appear/minor in possession of
alcohol, $500 fine.

Jerry A. St. Pierre - 45, Coeur d'Alene, failure to appear/driving under the
influence, open container, $10,000 bond.

Steven J. Sullivan - 47, Spirit Lake, failure to appear/driving while suspended
(two counts), failure to carry insurance, $5,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Kootenai
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine. The names of more wanted
felons can be found on the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department Internet home
page at http://co.kootenai.id.us/sheriff.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Official Records

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                       May 24, 2004 Monday, Final Edition

Superior Court

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Superior Court; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 265 words


The following people were sentenced in Cumberland County Superior Court in
February. The dates refer to the time of the infraction:

Michael Phillips, 32, of Cumberland, driving to endanger, 9/7/03, license
suspended 30 days, $450.

Robert Peter Pramis, 41, of Gorham, operating under the influence, 9/13/03, four
days in jail, license suspended 18 months, $600; leaving the scene of motor
vehicle accident, 9/13/03, $400.

Aaron Stoddard, 24, of South Portland, operating under the influence, 11/11/03,
seven days in jail, license suspended 90 days, $750.

George E. Sullivan, 33, of Yarmouth, operating under the influence, 3/8/03, four
days in jail, license suspended 90 days.

Tyler J. Weed, 22, of Falmouth, operating under the influence, 10/16/03, two
days in jail, license suspended 90 days, $500.

Richard F. Welch, 45, of Casco, operating under the influence, 10/11/03, license
suspended 90 days, $1,000.

Steven Williams, 22, of Portland, unlawful trafficking in scheduled drugs,
9/12/03, three years in jail with all but six months suspended, two years
probation.

Rupert M. Wilmoth, 38, of Portland, unlawful possession of scheduled drug,
4/28/03, 75 days in jail.

Fred V. Wilson, 38, of Freeport, assault, 11/15/03, 364 days in jail all but
seven days suspended, one year probation, $100.40 restitution.

Weston Wing, 19, of Freeport, unlawful possession of scheduled drug, 11/21/03,
two days in jail.

Stephen J. Wood, 33, of Bangor, aggravated forgery, 7/6/03, 30 days in jail;
habitual motor vehicle offender, 7/6/03, 30 days in jail.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          October 4, 2000, Wednesday,

DISTRICT COURTS

SECTION: YORK COUNTY & STATE, Pg. 4B, DISTRICT COURTS

LENGTH: 1151 words


BIDDEFORD

Renan Anastacio, 22, Portland, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
200.

Maura Barnett, 20, Waterboro, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
100.

Bonnie Bellavance, 36, Biddeford, operating a vehicle after license suspension,
$ 500, four days in county jail.

Dana Borelli, 38, Bar Mills, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 600, seven days in county jail, license
suspended 18 months.

Catherine Brewer, 24, Saco, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $ 150.

William Campbell, 29, Biddeford, operating a snowmobile while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 500.

Gwendolyn Chase, 35, Biddeford, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 600, seven days in county jail, license
suspended 18 months.

Daniel Cochrane, 19, Biddeford, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, $ 100.

Christopher Cote, 19, Bangor, one charge each of operating a vehicle after
license suspension and failure to stop for authorities, $ 700.

Stephen Craig, 46, Lovell, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 400, three days in county jail, license
suspended 90 days.

Cathal Daly, 19, Old Orchard Beach, minor consuming alcohol, $ 100.

Timothy Doc, 23, Dayton, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 600, 96 hours in county jail, license suspended
90 days.

Karl Douglas, 39, Cambridge, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 600, seven days in county jail, license
suspended 18 months.

Jessica Eliason, 27, Biddeford, one charge each of violation of conditions of
release and assault, $ 350.

Brandy Elwell, 19, Biddeford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
125.

Paul Forrest, 38, Saco, assault, 364 days in county jail with all but 75 days
suspended and one year probation.

Earl Francis, 29, Portland, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $ 125.

Peter Gammo, 49, Old Orchard Beach, driving to endanger, $ 600, license
suspended 30 days.

Richard Gervais Jr., 26, Gorham, operating a vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 400, 48 hours in county jail, license
suspended 90 days.

Keith Goodwin, 24, Biddeford, criminal mischief, $ 100, must make restitution in
the amount of $ 175 to victim.

David Hanlon, 32, Arundel, operating without a commercial license, $ 125.

Zachary Hawkins, 18, Biddeford, illegal possession of drug paraphernalia, $ 100.

Jeffrey Hill, 31, Kennebunk, failure to notify authorities of an accident, $
150.

Anthony Hogy, 25, Biddeford, criminal mischief, $ 200, must make restitution in
the amount of $ 52.50.

Bruce Hunter, 35, Sanford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $ 125.

Leroy Jackson, 39, Biddeford, criminal mischief, 48 hours in county jail.

Irving Jones, 25, Portland, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $ 175.

Emmanuel Keller, 37, East Winthrop, assault, 30 days in county jail, suspended
with two years probation.

Robby Lacasse, 29, Biddeford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
150.

Peter Land, 36, Boston, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 800, seven days in county jail, license
suspended 18 months.

Amanda Leclair, 21, Biddeford, operating a vehicle while under the influence of
intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 500.

John Leydon, 64, Stamford, Conn., operating a vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 1,000, license suspended 90 days.

Ricki Long, 43, Portland, one charge each of illegal possession of marijuana and
drug paraphernalia, $ 400.

Christopher Maheu, 19, Old Orchard Beach, illegal possession of liquor by a
minor on premises, $ 100.

Allen Martineau, 24, Sanford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
125.

John McCurry, 20, Biddeford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
125.

Michael Moorehead, 22, Gorham, illegal possession of marijuana, $ 200.

Donna Naughton, 40, Biddeford, disorderly conduct, $ 100.

Thad Norkus, 19, Saco, one charge each of minor consuming alcohol, illegal
possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia, $ 350.

William Painter, 36, Orlando, Fla., operating a vehicle after license
suspension, $ 100.

Dana Perry, 23, Saco, terrorizing, 30 days in county jail, suspended with one
year probation.

Donald Pontremoli, 51, Ogunquit, operating a vehicle while under the influence
of intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 400.

Ryan Prosser, 19, Old Orchard Beach, one charge each of displaying false
identification and illegal possession of liquor by a minor, $ 200 and ten hours
of community service.

Gregg Ritchie, 38, Kennebunkport, operating a watercraft without proper
floatation devices, $ 400, 72 hours in county jail.

Kimberly Salazar, 35, Old Orchard Beach, operating a vehicle while under the
influence of intoxicating drugs or alcohol, $ 400, 48 hours in county jail,
license suspended 90 days.

Stephen Scott II, 29, Bangor, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
175.

Brandon Skoglund, 19, Goffstown, N.H., minor consuming alcohol, $ 100.

Philip Smith, 33, Hollis Center, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
500.

Angela Steeves, 23, New London, Conn., operating a vehicle after license
suspension, $ 100.

Sarah Sylvestre, 18, Biddeford, illegal possession of tobacco by a minor, ten
hours of community service.

Todd Turgeon, 23, Biddeford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
125.

Cheryl Verdone, 33, Auburn, negotiating a worthless instrument, $ 100.

Paul Williams, 34, Scarborough, violation of a noise ordinance, $ 100.

SANFORD--SPRINGVALE

Andrew Baston, 25, Sanford, illegal possession of marijuana, $ 200.

Shannon Batson, 22, Sanford, possession of drug paraphernalia, $ 100.

Rene Brouillette, 44, Sanford, operating a vehicle after license suspension, $
100.

Steven Butterick, 43, Springvale, driving to endanger, $ 100, 60 days in county
jail, suspended, with one year probation.

Frederick Cahoon, 27, Amesbury, Mass., one charge each of operating a vehicle
after license suspension and possession of scheduled drugs, 48 hours in county
jail for each charge.

Raymond Carter, 19, Sanford, minor consuming alcohol, $ 100.

Michael D'Angelo, 21, Lyman, failure to appear in court on a summons, 48 hours
in county jail.

Lani Derusha, 24, Milton, N.H., theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, two
days in county jail, must make restitution in the amount of $ 177.

Dylan Dewitt, 19, Portsmouth, N.H., driving to endanger, license suspended 30
days.

Mark Drost Jr., 23, South Windham, operating a vehicle after license suspension,
$ 100.

Leroy Libby, 42, Shapleigh, illegal possession of marijuana, $ 200.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Cisco Technology, Inc. (California) applies for US Patent titled as "AUTONOMOUS
MOBILE SENSOR MOVEMENT PATH SIMULATION WITH AN INTEGRATED DEVELOPER ENVIRONMENT"

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160357525 for US Patent, published on December 08, 2016, by
Cisco Technology, Inc. (California), titled as "AUTONOMOUS MOBILE SENSOR
MOVEMENT PATH SIMULATION WITH AN INTEGRATED DEVELOPER ENVIRONMENT"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Wee; Susie; (Palo Alto, CA) ; Abuduweili; Aikepaer; (San Jose, CA) ;
Kamel; Wael; (San Jose, CA) ; Malegaonkar; Ashutosh A.; (Milpitas, CA) ; Zhang;
Yajun; (Santa Clara, CA)

Applicant: Cisco Technology, Inc.  San Jose   CA (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"According to one or more embodiments of the disclosure, autonomous mobile
sensor movement path simulation with an integrated developer environment (IDE)
is shown and described. In one embodiment, a computer operates an Internet of
Things (IoT) IDE having a virtualized map view illustrating a locational
relationship between objects of an IoT application within a represented physical
space, where a mobile sensor is virtually represented within the IoT IDE and is
configured with navigation control logic affected by external influences and
controlled according to the IoT application. Virtualized external influences may
be modelled within the IoT IDE that represent physical external influences
within the physical space, and the navigation control logic of the mobile sensor
may be operated within the IoT IDE according to the IoT application, the
virtually represented mobile sensor configured to navigate within the virtual
space based on the navigation control logic reacting to the virtual external
influences."


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 27, 2015 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Temple's Dougherty named to Sports Information Directors' Hall of Fame

BYLINE: By Marc Narducci; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Temple; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 293 words


Temple Senior Associate AD/Communications Larry Dougherty was reflective after
receiving the news that he was named to the College Sports Information Directors
of America (COSIDA) Hall of Fame. Dougherty will be inducted on June 15 in
Orlando.

Upon hearing the news on Wednesday, Dougherty spoke about the influence his late
father Andy has had on his career and life. The senior Dougherty was a highly
respected Sports Information Director at St. Joseph's and is a member of the St.
Joseph's and Big Five Hall of Fames.

"He was such a big influence and inspiration and why I got into the profession,"
Dougherty said of his father. "He gave me the passion."

Dougherty is in his 12th season at Temple, after 15 years in the media relations
office at St. Joseph's, the last eight as assistant director for media
relations. Prior to his time at St. Joseph's, Dougherty served as the SID at
Nicholls State for one year and as the information director of the East Coast
Conference for two years.

Dougherty, who served as COSIDA past president in 2010-2011, is the second
COSIDA Hall of Fame member from Temple, joining Al Shrier. It was Shrier who
nominated Dougherty for the Hall.

"To be nominated by such a good friend and mentor Al Shirer is just a true
honor," Dougherty said.

Also locally, Sheila Stevenson, the long-time SID at Rowan, will also be
inducted. Other inductees are information emeritus/historian Paul Just of
Western Kentucky, senior associate athletic director for media relations Kenny
Klein (Louisville), SID Anne Abicht (St. Cloud State) and assistant athletics
director-communications Bob Nygarrd (U. of Minnesota Duluth).

George Gallet, the late and former SID at the University of Miami, was named by
the Veterans Selection Committee.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

District Court for June 25

BYLINE: The Evening Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


District Justice Bowman

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Daniel
Bowman:

Mary Brown, Hanover, simple assault, terroristic threats and harassment charges
filed by Conewago Township Police, waived to court.

Edward Charles Cavey, Hanover, driving under the influence and related charges
filed by state police, waived to court.

Kyleigh Ann Dillon, Fairfield, driving under the influence and related charges,
use and possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of marijuana charges
filed by Conewago Township Police, waived to court.

Cara Elizabeth Shumaker, York, driving under the influence and related charges
filed by Conewago Township Police, waived to court.

James Henry Groft III, Hanover, driving under the influence and related charges
filed by Conewago Township Police, waived to court.District Justice Beauchat

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Mark
Beauchat:

Brandon Michael Jeffcoat, 511B Excelsior Road, Biglerville, driving under the
influence and related charges filed by Cumberland Township Police, waived to
court.

Michael Allen Stine, Frederick, Md., driving under the influence and related
charges filed by Cumberland Township Police, waived to court.

Matthew Lee Gochenour, 551 Taneytown Road, Gettysburg, driving under the
influence and related charges filed by Cumberland Township Police, waived to
court.

Joel Benjaman Laughard, Fayetteville, harassment charge filed by state police,
waived to court.District Justice Harvey

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Matthew
Harvey:

John Anderson Jr., 15B West Hanover St., Gettysburg, paid $327 fines and costs
for a harassment charge filed by Gettysburg Police.

John Anderson Jr., 15B West Hanover St., Gettysburg, paid $210 fines and costs
for a disorderly conduct charge filed by Gettysburg Police.

Eduardo Serrano-Olayo, 149 East Middle St., Gettysburg, paid $299 fines and
costs for a public drunkenness charge filed by Gettysburg Police.

Eduardo Serrano-Olayo, 149 East Middle St., Gettysburg, paid $173.50 fines and
costs for a disorderly conduct charge filed by Gettysburg Police.

Rosa Iris Munoz, 249 South Washington St., Gettysburg, paid $298.50 fines and
costs for a disorderly conduct charge filed by Gettysburg Police.

Holly Shank, 3145 Old Route 30, Orrtanna, paid $290.50 fines and costs for a
retail theft charge filed by state police.

Brooke Danielle Sanders, 1906 Old Harrisburg Road, Gettysburg, paid $291 fines
and costs for a public drunkenness charge filed by Gettysburg Police.District
Justice Little

The following cases were administered by Magisterial District Judge Tony Little:

Jennifer Wrights, 6465 York Road, New Oxford, paid $177.50 fines and costs for
an illegal absence charge filed by Conewago Valley School District.

Levi Grant Strausbaugh, 39 Beaver Creek Road, Abbottstown, paid $199 fines and
costs for a disorderly conduct charge filed by Eastern Adams Regional Police.

Brenda Garibay, 6 Spruce Lane, New Oxford, paid $178 for illegal absences
charges filed by Conewago Valley School District.

Tabitha Lynn Sebright, New Oxford, use and possession of drug paraphernalia
charge filed by Eastern Adams Regional Police, waived to court.

Jonny Salazar, New Oxford, driving under the influence and related charges filed
by Eastern Adams Regional Police, waived to court.

Jon Gregory Lawrence, New Oxford, driving under the influence and related
charges filed by Eastern Adams Regional Police, waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            January 25, 2010 Monday

Crime Watch for 1/25/2010

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 900 words


District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Jessica L. Yohe, 214 Chesapeake Estates, Thomasville; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol, vehicle entering roadway; waived to court.

Michaela Ann Lawrie, 389 Basehoar Road, Littlestown; retail theft, receiving
stolen property, criminal conspiracy-retail theft; waived to court.

Michaela Ann Lawrie, 389 Basehoar Road, Littlestown; retail theft, receiving
stolen property, criminal conspiracy-retail theft; waived to court.

Karla Marie Schenning, 3214 Churland Blvd., Chesapeake, Va.; theft by unlawful
taking, unauthorized use of automobile; waived to court.

Nazeer Ahmed Chaudh ry, 4505 Dunley Court, Harrisburg; theft from a motor
vehicle, theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen property; held for court.

Veronica Pita-Fajardo, 475 S. High St., Hanover; tampering with public records,
retail theft; held for court.

Richard Michael Zam botti, 50 Ken Lee Circle, Hanover; aggravated indecent
assault, indecent assault, indecent exposure, corruption of minors, unlawful
contact with minors; held for court.

Clayton Robinson, 110 Valley Drive, Red Lion; possession of firearms prohibited;
held for court.

Ryan Barton Lash, 171 Hanover St., Glen Rock; driving under the influence:
controlled substance, driving under the influence: alcohol and controlled
substance, possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Larry Eugene Rill, 40 Colonial Drive, Hanover; open lewdness; waived to court.

James Francis Myer, 4260 Grandview Road, Hanover; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Deven Michael Caper ton, 897 Baltimore St., Hanover; sell/furnish/liquor, etc.
to minors; waived to court.

Elizabeth Rose Kelly, 400 Baltimore St., Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

David D. Schuman, 1262 Glatco Lodge Road, Hanover; theft by deception, deceptive
or fraudulent business practices; waived to court.

---
District Judge Nancy Edie's office covers Chanceford, Lower Chanceford and Peach
Bottom townships; Delta and Felton.
DISPOSITIONS
John W. Hare, 5 Maryland Ave., Windsor; scattering rubbish; found guilty.

William Goodman Sr., 226 Pine Trail, Delta; harassment; found not guilty.

Michael Barraco, 1619 Woodbine Road, Airville; harassment; withdrawn.

Steven Kline, 191 Lewis Road, Windsor; restrictions on recreational
spotlighting; pleaded guilty.

Charles Delp, 917 Old Pylesville Road, Pylesville, MD; purchase, consumption,
possession or transportation of liquor; dismissed.

Jesse Sadler, 3131 Dublin Road, Street, MD; purchase, consumption, possession or
transportation of liquor; dismissed.

Brett Cochran, 16 N. Atwood Road, Bel Air, MD; purchase, consumption, possession
or transportation of liquor; dismissed.

David K. Fisher Jr., 283 Sinclair Lane, Delta; Kennel Class C smoke alarm and
fire suppression; pleaded guilty.

David W. Hall, 522 Crestwood Drive, Red Lion; loaded firearms in vehicles;
pleaded guilty,

Cicero Stephens, 300 Pine Valley Drive, Felton; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Kristopher E. March, 8 Water St., Windsor; PA Game Commission; unlawful devices
and methods; found guilty at trial.

George Harris Jr., 13 Locust Lane, Airville; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Mark Anderson, 29 Whispering Pines Drive, Felton; harassment; pleaded guilty.

Cindy Anderson, 29 Whispering Pines Drive, Felton; harassment; pleaded guilty.

---
District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Kari L. Feher, 437 Longmeadow Road, Lancaster; driving under the influence: high
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of
driving safely; waived to court.

Jonathan A. Schmidt, 511 Oakwood Drive, Dover; false reports-falsely incriminate
another, false identification to police, driving under suspension; waived to
court.

Patrick D. Henley, 1726 Condor Lane, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under suspension; waived to court.

Scott K. Lehman, 201 Chestnut Grove Road, Dillsburg; aggravated assault,
terroristic threats, simple assault, harassment; waived to court.

Robert E. Lentz, 1421 Continental Road; theft of services; waived to court.

Lisa Kiel, 1345 W. College Ave.; burglary, theft by unlawful taking, criminal
conspiracy-burglary, criminal conspiracy-theft by unlawful taking; waived to
court.

Zach R. Duke, 1400 W. Market St.; possess instrument of crime with intent,
criminal mischief-tamper with property, carry/discharge air rifle in
highway/public land; waived to court.

Jeremy Ierley, 1539 Sixth Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving under the
influence: controlled substance, driving under suspension, careless driving;
held for court.

Jahquille O. Hickman, 507 N. Newberry St.; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered, possession of marijuana, no driver's
license; held for court.

Whitley R. Gladfelter, 35-A Liverpool St., Manchester; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

Women of Influence to be honored

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: BEAVERCREEK, FAIRBORN & XENIA; Pg. RF2

LENGTH: 218 words


DAYTON - The YWCA Dayton will honor seven local women at its annual Women of
Influence Awards Luncheon on March 19 at the Dayton Convention Center.

Also, a Lifetime Achievement Award will be presented to Marie "Penny" Wolff,
office administrator at the law firm Sebaly, Shillito and Dyer.

The 2009 Women of Influence Honorees are:

* Sister Carol Bauer, vice president, mission effectiveness, Good Samaritan
Hospital;

* Marsha Bonhart, news anchor, WDTN-TV (Channel 2);

* Marsha Froelich, executive director, Clothes That Work!;

* Tess Little, artist and professor, Sinclair Community College;

* Linda Lombard, community volunteer;

* Paula Schaeffer, community volunteer; and

* Janaki Venkayya, president and CEO, GlobeTech Exchange.

The YWCA Dayton Women of Influence honorees are women in greater Dayton who have
made a positive influence on the lives of others as part of their careers, as
volunteers or as role models or mentors.

The Women of Influence Luncheon serves as the largest annual fundraiser for the
YWCA Dayton and is supported by WDTN, AT&T Ohio, CDO Technologies Inc., Faruki
Ireland & Cox PLL, Miami Valley and Good Samaritan Hospitals, SoBran Inc. and
Vectren.

Tickets for the luncheon are $65 per person.

For more information, call the YWCA Dayton at (937) 461-5550, ext. 179, or visit
www.ywcadayton.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The YWCA Dayton 2009 Women of Influence honorees are women in the
greater Dayton community who have made a positive influence on the lives of
others as part of their careers, as volunteers or as role models or mentors.
This year's honorees (back row, from left) are: Janaki Venkayya, Linda Lombard,
Tess Little and Sister Carol Bauer; and (front) Penny Wolff (Lifetime
Achievement Award), Paula Schaeffer and Marsha Froelich. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            October 25, 2004 Monday

On the Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 926 words


Court notes

McLean County

DUIs

Alcohol -- David K. Stark, 26, Savoy, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced
to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, with four days to be served, day
for day credit to apply and balance stayed pending remission hearing, for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Patricia R. Cody, 37, Danvers, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending
remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Jesse A. Bane, 21, Ellsworth, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending
remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol and conviction for
failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident. Must complete recommended
treatment and 100 hours of community service.

Alcohol -- Brian J. Kiley, 30, of the 800 block of South Summit Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of
probation for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Leonard F. Gesell, 36, of the 1000 block of South Lee Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of
probation and 30 days in jail, stayed pending remission hearing, for driving
under the influence of alcohol; fined $120 and sentenced to six months of court
supervision for operation of uninsured motor vehicle; and fined $100 for illegal
transportation of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Craig William Smith, 42, Indianapolis, fined $600, DUI fine of $100
and sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and 30 days in jail, stayed
pending remission hearing, for driving under the influence of alcohol and
conviction for illegal transportation of alcohol.

Alcohol -- John E. Scott, 55, of the 1300 block of Nicki Drive, Bloomington,
fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of conditional discharge
and 30 days in jail, stayed pending remission hearing, for driving under the
influence of alcohol; and convictions for reckless driving and failure to yield
to emergency vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment and 100 hours of
community service.

Alcohol -- Michael A. Curcio, 23, of the 1700 block of Tompkins, Normal, fined
$600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Robert L. Brown V, 21, of the 200 block of North Fell Avenue, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol; concurrent supervision for unlawful
consumption of alcohol; and conviction for failure to reduce speed to avoid an
accident. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Aaron Patrick Feit, 26, Lexington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Cory R. Barcus, 21, St. Joseph, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and
sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of
alcohol; and fined $120 and sentenced to six months concurrent court supervision
for operation of uninsured motor vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Anglea L. Boyd, 33, of the 800 block of East Lincoln Street,
Bloomington, find $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol and conviction for
failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Percy Moore Jr., 44, of the 1700 block of West Olive Street,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol and sentenced to
concurrent six months of court supervision for operation of uninsured motor
vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- David James Young, 25, of the 1300 block of South Linden Street,
Normal, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol; and fined $120 and
sentenced to concurrent six months of court supervision for operation of
uninsured motor vehicle. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Michelle A. Doody, 21, of the 1600 block of RT Dunn Drive,
Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court
supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Juan Carlos Rodriguez-Martinez, 25, of the 1200 block of East
Washington Street, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to
two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol and
conviction for unlawful display of registration. Must complete recommended
treatment.

Alcohol -- Kevin M. Traxler, 22, of the 500 block of West Willow Street, Normal,
fined $600, DUI fine of $100 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Alcohol -- Jerrod M. Kiley, 19, of Cygnet Crossing, Bloomington, fined $600, DUI
fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under
the influence of alcohol; and fined $200 and sentenced to concurrent court
supervision for leaving the scene of property damage accident. Recommended
treatment completed.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              June 7, 1987 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

SWEET TOOTH ROTS A NATION;
A VIEW OF AMERICA

BYLINE: P.P.McGuinness

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 1008 words


NEW YORK: It is tempting to think of the New York deli as somehow a symbol of
the United States.

The delicatessens of New York are one of the great American institutions. No-one
who has spent time in that enormous, dirty, exciting, threatening city can
escape the pervasive influence of the deli or avoid eating in them from time to
time.

Only the very rich and the very poor would be unfortunate enough to miss out on
the delis.

They are one of the most visible persistent evidences of the European cultural
influence in New York - they are as American as the Jewish novel or the Mafia.

The Eastern European, mainly Jewish, influence is evident in the profusion of
pickles, corned beef, pastrami, tongue, chopped liver, knishes, gefillte fish,
latkas, sour cream - the list is endless.

The Italian evidence is in the salamis, the hero sandwiches and other deli items
- but to get pasta you have to go to specifically Italian restaurants.

Various other national influences crop up in different ways at the delis, but
the Eastern European tradition predominates.

Eating in one can be a daunting experience. There are the waiters - only New
York could make a cult of rude, busy waiters who subject you to
cross-examination in front of the rest of the diners. The food is daunting in
its sheer quantity.

I had a meal in one the other night after seeing - appropriately - Woody Allen's
latest film, Radio Days, a nostalgia trip into the old days of radio serials and
quizzes, from the point of view of a Brooklyn Jewish family.

This was Wolf's, in Sixth Avenue, near Central Park. Not feeling terribly
hungry, I asked for a couple of frankfurters with potato salad.

What I got was two huge, red frankfurters, with a large bowl of potato salad,
three different kinds of bread (including rye), and a plate of assorted pickles
- cucumbers, whole green tomatoes, red capsicum and sauerkraut.

The food looked marvellous, the atmosphere was great, the waiter was funny, the
lights were bright - what more could you want? And all for a mere$US7.25 (plus
beer).

But the trouble was that there was one thing missing in this feast of style,
colour and heaping plates. Flavour. Not even the pickles had much character. The
sausages had no real taste. The potato salad was insipid and sweet.

Everybody in America seems to eat amazing quantities of sweet things, such as
ice cream, drinks, cakes, pancakes, maple syrup, cornflakes, sweet buns - I
shudder to go on.

AT breakfast you can combine these with heaps of high-fat foods like bacon, ham,
hash brown potatoes, and so on. You can even see people mixing bacon with maple
syrup.

But again there is no real flavour. Salt, sugar, fats in the crudest form seem
to constitute the essence of American diet.

One might tend to have some sympathy for the health foods people - but here
everything is taken to nutty extremes also.

Food faddism is virtually the American national hobby, whether it be nonsense
about cholesterol (although when you see how Americans eat breakfast you begin
to understand), or high fibre diets, or diets which make you look like Bob
Hawke, or more usually compulsive eating.

Parlour psychoanalysis is never to be taken too seriously, but it is difficult
not to think of America as a nation in the grip of an oral fixation

Food of the most babyish kind, sweet, colourful and messy, chocolate, syrups,
lollies of all kinds - like President Reagan's jelly-beans or President Carter's
peanuts - seem to constitute the major form of emotional and physical
gratification of most Americans.

Even their pornography is orally fixated. I can think of few things more boring
and unerotic than treating the male sex organ as a strawberry popsicle

There is a childishness in all this which seems quite extraordinary, an
aimlessness which is summed up in the replacement of concepts like religion or
philosophy by "life-style".

This childishness comes out particularly in a heatwave like the one in New York
last weekend.

The New Yorkers appeared on the streets in the most extraordinary variety of
ugly, garish, ill-cut rags you could imagine. It has nothing to with wealth or
poverty - the rich, if anything, dress worse than the poor in such
circumstances.

A healthy, well-shaped young man or woman can wear almost anything and look
good, even if ridiculous. But when a man of my age and shape wears cycling
briefs, or an abundantly-fleshed matron of 60 wears a floral playsuit, you have
to wonder what they are thinking about.

New York on a hot day is even worse than Surfers Paradise when it comes to
absurdities of dress and ugliness.

It seems also to derive from a childish self-centredness and insouciance. While
they guzzle their ice creams and cookies the New Yorkers seem to be looking at
themselves in a mental looking-glass which has little connection with the real
world.

You don't, of course, have to eat at a deli or wear rags in New York. You can
pay much more and eat and dress even worse. If you want quality, in food or
dress, you can pay enormous prices and still often end up with an empty image of
the real thing.

The style is all, the substance gets lost along the way.

I have, nevertheless, found restaurants in New York which serve
excellently-prepared tasty food at a reasonable price.

The declining fashion of "cajun" cooking has much to be said for it. Spare-ribs,
smoked meats, char-broiled steaks can be delicious.

And if you want to spend a small fortune, it is possible to be reasonably
well-dressed without, at the same time, looking like a cookie-fairy.

The saving grace of America is the fact that it is the most democratic country
in the world, in terms of openness, free speech and tolerance. But, in the
process of becoming such a country, it abandoned many of the nuances of
civilisation.

When to this was added the childish self-gratification and moral relativism
which came out of the 1960s, America - and in particular New York - began to
look like a giant film set for a remake of William Golding's Lord Of The Flies.

It is as if the children of Golding's island had grown up and conquered America.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Port: WILLIAM GOLDING: Lord Of The Flies could be set in the US

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 588 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Katherine Cummings reported Tuesday the $375 theft of a jacket and two purses
from her 1995 Mazda pickup parked at a home on the 3900 block of West Fairway
Drive.

Kootenai County sheriff

Monika Yost, Coeur d'Alene, reported Tuesday the $1,150 theft of a laptop
computer, digital camera and Wi-Fi modem from her home on the 20000 block of
South U.S. Highway 95.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Robert Burton

Aura A. Collinsworth, 41, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $800 fine,
180 days in jail (175 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 12 days
unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Christopher M. Marvin, 33, Coeur d'Alene; domestic battery/assault enhancement
in presence of a child; $1,000 fine ($700 suspended), 360 days in jail (358 days
suspended), two years probation.

Judge Clark Peterson

Kenneth B. Caldero, 24, Hayden; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 90 days
in jail (86 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Ryan E. McDonald, 24, Hayden Lake; willful concealment; $500 fine, 180 days in
jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, two years probation.

Dustin D. Crandall, 30, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: violation of a no-contact order;
$152 fine, one year in jail (180 days suspended, 17 days credited), two years
probation. Count II: domestic battery; $300 fine, 180 days in jail (146 days
suspended, 34 days credited), two years probation.

Judge Robert Caldwell

Sean R. Lister, 33, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180 days
in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Daren R. Norton, 34, Newman Lake, Wash.; possession of a controlled substance;
$300 fine, 10 days in jail.

Benjamin W. Johansen, 31, Billings; driving under the influence (second
offense); $2,000 fine ($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (325 days suspended),
30 days unscheduled jail time, one year driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Reheem A.D. Howard-Evans, 31, Minneapolis, Minn.; felony trafficking in
marijuana; $15,000 fine, $600 restitution to state lab, three years determinate
penitentiary time (credit for any time served).

Zachary S. Lish, 38, Kingston; driving a vehicle without owner's consent; $200
fine, 180 days in jail (150 days credited, 30 days unscheduled), two years
probation.

Judge Penny Friedlander

James E. Elsom, 47, Post Falls; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $250 fine, eight days in jail or 32 hours county work program.

Alison A. Howard, 47, Spokane; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use; $250 fine, $100 restitution to state lab, five days in jail or 16
hours county work program.

Markus D. Eliseuson, 34, Athol; injury to child; $200 fine, 90 days in jail (80
days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, two years probation.

Jesse E. McBryde, 18, Rathdrum; failure to give immediate notice of an accident;
$500 fine ($300 suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours
county work program, two years probation.

Civil complaints

PCA Acquisitions V LLC v. Randy and Patricia Whalen, aka Patricia Sain, seeking
$1,029.

Midland Funding LLC v. Jason Ball, seeking $5,277.

Midland Funding LLC v. Ryan Murdoch, seeking $1,017.

Divorces sought

Jonah A. Breuchaud from Katherine C. Breuchaud.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday

The limits of policy

BYLINE: David Brooks

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 875 words

ABSTRACT

The influence of governmental policy is largely a matter of its effect on
cultural fabric and social bonds.

FULL TEXT

Roughly a century ago, many Swedes immigrated to America. They've done very well
here in the United States. Only about 6.7 percent of Swedish-Americans live in
poverty.

Also a century ago, many Swedes decided to remain in Sweden. They've done well
there, too. When two economists calculated Swedish poverty rates according to
the American standard, they found that 6.7 percent of the Swedes in Sweden were
living in poverty.

In other words, you had two groups with similar historical backgrounds living in
entirely different political systems, and the poverty outcomes were the same.

A similar pattern applies to health care. In 1950, Swedes lived an average of
2.6 years longer than Americans. Over the next half-century, Sweden and the U.S.
diverged politically. Sweden built a large welfare state with a national health
service, while the U.S. did not. The result? There was basically no change in
the life expectancy gap. Swedes now live 2.7 years longer.

Again, huge policy differences. Not huge outcome differences.

This is not to say that policy choices are meaningless. But we should be
realistic about them. The influence of politics and policy is usually swamped by
the influence of culture, ethnicity, psychology and a dozen other factors.

You can observe the same phenomenon when looking within the U.S. Last week, the
American Human Development Project came out with its "A Century Apart" survey of
life in the United States. As you'd expect, ethnicity correlates to huge
differences in how people live. Nationally, 50 percent of Asian-American adults
have a college degree, compared with 31 percent of whites, 17 percent of
African-Americans and 13 percent of Hispanics.

Asian-Americans have a life expectancy of 87 years compared with 79 years for
whites and 73 years for African-Americans.

Even in struggling parts of the country, Asian-Americans do well. In Michigan,
for example, the Asian-American life expectancy is 90, while for the average
white person it's 79 and for the average African-American it's 73. Income and
education levels are also much higher.

The region you live in also makes a gigantic difference in how you will live.
There are certain high-trust regions where highly educated people congregate,
producing positive feedback loops of good culture and good human capital
programs. This mostly happens in the northeastern states like New Jersey and
Connecticut. There are other regions with low social trust, low education levels
and negative feedback loops. This mostly happens in southern states like
Arkansas and West Virginia.

If you combine the influence of ethnicity and region, you get astounding
lifestyle gaps. The average Asian-American in New Jersey lives an amazing 26
years longer and is 11 times more likely to have a graduate degree than the
average American Indian in South Dakota.

When you try to account for life outcome differences this gigantic, you find
yourself beyond narrow economic incentives and in the murky world of social
capital. What matters are historical experiences, cultural attitudes,
child-rearing practices, family formation patterns, expectations about the
future, work ethics and the quality of social bonds.

Researchers have tried to disaggregate the influence of these soft factors and
have found it nearly impossible. All we can say for sure is that different
psychological, cultural and social factors combine in myriad ways to produce
different viewpoints. As a result of these different viewpoints, the average
behavior is different between different ethnic and geographic groups, leading to
different life outcomes.

It is very hard for policy makers to use money to directly alter these
viewpoints. In her book, "What Money Can't Buy," Susan E. Mayer of the
University of Chicago calculated what would happen if you could double the
income of the poorest Americans. The results would be disappointingly small.
Doubling parental income would barely reduce dropout rates of the children. It
would have a small effect on reducing teen pregnancy. It would barely improve
child outcomes overall.

So when we're arguing about politics, we should be aware of how policy fits into
the larger scheme of cultural and social influences. Bad policy can decimate the
social fabric, but good policy can only modestly improve it.

Therefore, the first rule of policy-making should be, don't promulgate a policy
that will destroy social bonds. If you take tribes of people, exile them from
their homelands and ship them to strange, arid lands, you're going to produce
bad outcomes for generations. Second, try to establish basic security. If the
government can establish a basic level of economic and physical security, people
may create a culture of achievement - if you're lucky. Third, try to use policy
to strengthen relationships. The best policies, like good preschool and military
service, fortify emotional bonds.

Finally, we should all probably calm down about politics. Most of the proposals
we argue about so ferociously will have only marginal effects on how we live,
especially compared with the ethnic, regional and social differences that we so
studiously ignore.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 24, 2010 Sunday

Election year blues hit home;
Lost jobs, slow sales dominate conversations between Ohioans leading into
governor's race

BYLINE: By William Hershey Staff Writer

SECTION: WEATHER; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 1316 words


COLUMBUS - There's a simple reason why a majority of likely voters - 52 percent
- say the state's dormant economy will be the No. 1 issue in how they vote for
governor.

The job losses, declining sales and wages and budget cuts that have become part
of the state's economic landscape have affected them personally.

The Friday, Jan. 22, report that state employment rose to 10.9 percent in
December - up from 10.6 in November and the ninth straight month of double-digit
unemployment - was another sign that tough times persist.

Voters don't agree on whom or what to blame. The economic setbacks, however,
have taken the glow off Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland's political appeal. He
won election with nearly 61 percent of the vote in 2006 but now trails
Republican John Kasich, 51 percent to 45 percent in the new poll.

Here are key findings in a Dayton Daily News/Ohio Newspaper Poll on the economy
and its relationship to the governor's race:

* Strickland's approval rating stands at 50 percent, while 45 percent
disapprove. On his handling of the economy, 54 percent disapprove, while 42
percent approve.

* Just 31 percent said a governor has "a great deal of influence" over day-today
economic conditions while 55 percent said a governor has "some" influence, 12
percent said "not much" and 2 percent said "no influence at all."

* Not many people believe things are improving. Forty-seven percent said their
standard of living is "worse" than it was four years ago, while 44 percent said
it's about the same. Meanwhile, 60 percent said they expect their family
finances to be "about the same" a year from now, while 19 percent said they'll
be "worse off." Only 19 percent said they'll be "better off."

* A large majority rated the state's economic conditions as either "fair" (47
percent) or "poor" (46 percent). And 58 percent said those conditions are
getting worse.

Voters' views

For Lynette Locklin of Dayton, 41, the problems started long before the housing
bubble burst and the Lehman Brothers investment bank collapsed in 2008.

Locklin hasn't found full-time work since 2002, when she lost her factory job.

"I just take it one day at a time," said Locklin.

She's a Democrat and plans to vote for Strickland in November. She doesn't blame
him for her troubles.

"It was a mess when he got there," she said.

Susan Pallotta, a commercial photographer from the Cleveland suburb of Brooklyn,
confronts the economic slide in her work as a commercial photographer.

"Sales are really down," said Pallotta, 48, a single mother with an 8-year-old
son. Families that used to buy a $50 package of pictures now get the "minimum
package," she said.

Normally a Democrat, she "most likely" will vote for Strickland, but isn't
excited about the election.

"I'm almost becoming apathetic," she said.

Cheryl Duncan, 47, an antiques dealer in Brookville, said the economy has
"pretty much killed off the antique business."

"My business has really tailed off," she said.

Duncan plans to vote for John Kasich.

"He's not so liberal," she said. "I'm just tired of the liberal Democrats in the
state and in the country running us off into the ditch."

Sign of the times

Voters' angry mood became apparent Tuesday in blue-state Massachusetts when
Republican Scott Brown won the U.S. Senate seat that Ted Kennedy had held from
1962 until his death in August.

Brown's surprise win "elated" Joan Mehl, 79, of Wyoming, in suburban Cincinnati.
A Republican, Mehl blames Congress and former Democratic President Bill Clinton
for the economic mess. Their policies that made it easier for financially
unqualified people to buy houses backfired, she said.

"Let's let everybody buy a house whether they can afford it or not," she said
mockingly.

But Mehl didn't let former President George W. Bush off the hook either. She
faults him for not vetoing bad legislation.

"George Bush didn't do everything right," she said. "He didn't do everything
wrong."

While she's enthusiastic about the election, Mehl is "very pessimistic" about
the future and worries about what it will hold for her two children and one
grandchild.

Evan Nabrit, 27, from Westerville outside Columbus, is a Democraticinclined
independent who will "probably" vote for Strickland, though Westerville is
Republican candidate John Kasich's hometown.

A visual artist, Nabrit said he has met Strickland and considers him a "nice
guy." However, he personally felt the sting from spending cuts that Strickland
and legislators made to balance the state budget.

"I don't approve of some of the cuts he made," said Nabrit.

He used the computers at the local library to help with his business, and when
library hours were reduced due to state budget cuts, Nabrit had to buy his own
equipment. "It was expensive," he said.

Republican Betty Miller, 62, from Convoy in Van Wert County, about 30 miles east
of Fort Wayne, Ind., said she thinks her family is worse off than it was four
years ago and she will "probably" vote for Kasich. But Ohio's economy started
souring before Strickland became governor, she said.

"I don't think it's all Strickland's fault," said Miller, a retired
administrative assistant for American Electric Power. "I think it goes back to
(Republican Bob) Taft."

She sounded a rare conciliatory tone.

"I think we all need to work together as a group instead of Republicans against
Democrats and political groups," said Miller. "I don't know. We just need to do
something."

For Joe Nollendorfs, 35, from Walbridge in Wood County south of Toledo, there is
a silver lining to the economic hard times.

"I'm a first-time homebuyer, and I bought a home for 60 percent (of list
price)," said Nollendorfs. "I didn't plan for the economy to go down, but I held
off until the time was right. My wife and I started cutting our spending years
ago. We're down to one cell phone, one car."

Nollendorfs works with Air Force recruiters in Toledo and said the economic
downturn has resulted in an up-tick in recruiting.

He is re-evaluating his status as a Democrat, but doesn't blame the Obama
administration for today's economic problems.

"It has started filtering money and it will take years before the effects of
that are felt 100 percent."

While the poll focused on the governor's race and the economy, respondents had a
chance to weigh in on other issues.

? How will the state budget affect voters' decisions? Article

A majority - 52 percent - said they would oppose investing money in the 3C
transportation plan, the proposal to bring passenger rail service to Cincinnati,
Columbus, Cleveland and Dayton. Forty-one percent favored the investment, while
6 percent said they didn't know.

Also, likely voters in the poll were asked about a projected state budget
shortfall of several billion dollars facing the next governor. The shortfall is
projected because billions of dollars of federal stimulus and other one-time
money, used to balance the current budget, won't be available next time.

Just 4 percent said the budget should be balanced through "state tax increases,"
while 34 percent said spending cuts should be used. The biggest number - 58
percent - said "a combination of tax increases and spending reductions" should
be used.

On proposed legislation to prohibit housing and workplace discrimination based
on sexual orientation or gender identity, likely voters were divided.

Forty-eight percent favored the bill, while 43 percent opposed it and 9 percent
said they didn't know. The bill has passed the House but is stalled in the
Senate.

The poll findings are from a statewide sample, chosen at random, of 808 likely
voters interviewed by telephone. The poll was conducted by the Institute for
Policy Research at the University of Cincinnati between Jan. 13 and Jan. 19. It
has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 percent.

Contact this reporter at (614) 224-1608 or whershey@DaytonDailyNews.com

Laura A. Bischoff of the Columbus Bureau and Jim Provance of The (Toledo) Blade
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The (Cleveland) Plain Dealer photo by Marvin Fong
Columbus Dispatch photo by Tom Dodge

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

Seven Women of Influence to be honored

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: SPRINGBORO & CLEARCREEK TWP.; Pg. RI11

LENGTH: 215 words


DAYTON - The YWCA Dayton will honor seven local women at its annual Women of
Influence Awards Luncheon on March 19 at the Dayton Convention Center.

Also, a Lifetime Achievement Award will be presented to Marie "Penny" Wolff,
office administrator at the law firm Sebaly, Shillito and Dyer.

The 2009 Women of Influence Honorees are:

Sister Carol Bauer, vice president, mission effectiveness, Good Samaritan
Hospital;

Marsha Bonhart,

news anchor, WDTN-TV (Channel 2);

Marsha Froelich,

executive director, Clothes That Work!;

Tess Little, artist and professor, Sinclair Community College;

Linda Lombard,

community volunteer;

Paula Schaeffer,

community volunteer; and

Janaki Venkayya,

president and CEO, GlobeTech Exchange. The YWCA Dayton Women of Influence
honorees are women in greater Dayton who have made a positive influence on the
lives of others as part of their careers, as volunteers or as role models or
mentors.

The Women of Influence Luncheon serves as the largest annual fundraiser for the
YWCA Dayton and is supported by WDTN, AT&T Ohio, CDO Technologies Inc., Faruki
Ireland & Cox PLL, Miami Valley and Good Samaritan Hospitals, SoBran Inc. and
Vectren.

Tickets for the luncheon are $65 per person.

For more information, call the YWCA Dayton at (937) 461-5550, ext. 179, or visit
www.ywcadayton.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The YWCA Dayton 2009 Women of Influence honorees are women in the
greater Dayton community who have made a positive influence on the lives of
others as part of their careers, as volunteers or as role models or mentors.
This year's honorees (back row, from left) are: Janaki Venkayya, Linda Lombard,
Tess Little and Sister Carol Bauer; and (front) Penny Wolff (Lifetime
Achievement Award), Paula Schaeffer and Marsha Froelich. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 29, 2008 Monday

Crime Watch for 09/29/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 630 words


District Court 19-2-01 covers Springettsbury and Hellam townships, Hallam and
Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Tyrone Lowe, 2220 Boas St., Harrisburg; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving while
operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to court.

Cristine L. Saylor, 120 Smith Road, Red Lion; retail theft; waived to court.

Christopher Chronister, 1000 W. Foxcroft Drive, Camp Hill; bad check; held for
court.

William B. Frierott, 548 W. Market St., indecent exposure, open lewdness; waived
to court.

Robert Jay McClain, 122 S. Prospect St., Hellam; terroristic threats, simple
assault, harassment; waived to court.

Amanda E. Richards, 2138 Oreville Road, Lancaster; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
under suspension, vehicle registration suspended, passing in lane adjacent to
emergency response area; waived to court.

Cory Ray Erdenbrack, 3391 Druck Valley Road; manufacture/deliver/possession with
intent to manufacture or deliver, driving under suspension, conspire to
manufacture/deliver/possess with intent to manufacture or deliver; waived to
court.

Eric Lee Paules, 4693 E. Prospect St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving on
right side of roadway; waived to court.

Ashleigh-Alexis Beattie, 707 Hardwick Place; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
under suspension, disregard flashing red signal, failure to yield to emergency
vehicle; waived to court.

Darwin Rodriguez, 120 E. South St.; retail theft; held for court in absentia.

William J. Krout, 2309 Sunset Circle, Glenville; retail theft; waived to court.

Luis B. Caraballo, 241 S. Queen St.; retail theft; waived to court.

Betzaida Lagares, 33 E. Charles Lane; retail theft; waived to court.

Richard G. Allen, 3600 E. Market St.; retail theft, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Kristy L. O'Brien, 3600 E. Market St.; retail theft, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.
---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
James Lindsey Yingling, 3731 Hanover Pike, Manchester, Md.; driving under the
influence: general impairment; waived to court.

Katie Campbell, 26 McCosh St., Hanover; accident involving damage to attended
vehicle, failure to stop at red signal, careless driving; waived to court.

Justin Lee Dorsey, 615 York St., Hanover; use/possession of drug paraphernalia;
waived to court.

Eric James Peters, 421 Saint Bartholomew Road, Hanover; driving under the
influence, certificate of title, certificate of title, required financial
responsibility, unauthorized use of auto, driving under suspension; held for
court.

Bobbi Jo Reed, 503.5 York St., Hanover; default in required appearance; waived
to court.

Wesley P. Minor, 24 Pleasant St., Apt. 3, Hanover, false identification,
protective equipment for motorcycle, driver required to be licensed, operating
vehicle without inspection; waived to court.

Michael Gordon Altland II, 8306 Orchard Road, Thomasville; theft by unlawful
taking, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

William Kevin Cavey Jr., 329 Frederick St., Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Allen L. Laughman, 336 Green Springs Road, Hanover; use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

Thomas Earl Stahl, NFA; possession of marijuana; waived to court.

Jeremy Eugene Rummel, 270 Round Hill Road, East Berlin; burglary, theft by
unlawful taking, receiving stolen property, person not to possess, use,
manufacture, control, sell or transfer firearms, simple assault, criminal
mischief; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday
                                Marshall Edition

Artist enjoys variety of styles

BYLINE: By RUSTY NIXON, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 347 words


PLYMOUTH -- There's a word that describes artist Casey Gasway pretty well.

Eclectic, meaning a little of this and a little of that.

If you stop at the Life Enrichment Center this month, that's what you will see.

During his youth, like everyone else at the time, he was influenced by the work
of the Andy Warhol generation.

His more mature work is harder to pin down on influence.

"I'm influenced by all of them (artists)," he said. "I know that's a real
general answer but I think because of having gone to art school I'm heavily
tainted with all of them.

"I suppose the French Bohemians are the biggest influence, but I haven't cut my
ear off and put it in a box yet."

Artists tend to have master/apprentice relationships. Casey's master was Robert
Evans, Evans' master was Stanley Hayter, and Hayter's master was Henri Matisse.

"That's where my influence of line and color comes from," said Gasway.

"I feel that I want to progress their work in mine. My wife jokes that I'm
modernizing the modernity of modernism."

Born in Brazil, Ind., Gasway earned a degree in art history from Indiana State
University.

He has a long pedigree as an artist. His great-uncle graduated from the Pratt
Institute and it was Gasway's aunt who "took away my crayons and replaced them
with watercolors."

He has had paintings or shows at the Art Institute of Chicago, The Cincinnati
Museum of Art and the Mike Blaine Gallery in Indianapolis.

"I've been working in professional art for about five or six years now," he
said, then laughed. "Of course, I don't make a living at it. Who does?"

Gasway moved to Plymouth from West Cliff, Colo., after his wife, Annie, received
a teaching position in the English department at Plymouth High School.

"I'm very happy in my environment here and that means good things for my work,"
he said.

"Plymouth is just a wonderful town. It has very interesting architecture and the
town has a lot of pride. I'm very happy that I'm seeing a lot more color."

Gasway's show runs through the month of April at the Life Enrichment Center,
1305 W. Harrison St. Hours are 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. weekdays.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  One of Casey Gasway's favorite works is a portrait of his son, Cooper.
Tribune Photo/RUSTY NIXON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      April 8, 2002 Monday, FINAL Edition

District Court

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; District Court; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 491 words


The following people were found guilty recently in Portland District Court:

Rhonda Beisaw-Dewildt, 45, of Waterford, driving after license suspension,
4/29/00 in Gray, $200, eight days in jail; driving after license suspension,
3/5/02 in Gray, $200, eight days in jail.

Robert W. Blethen, 43, of Yarmouth, operating under the influence, 2/1/00 in
Falmouth, $500, two days in jail, license suspended 90 days.

Shawn R. Boucher, 27, of Arundel, driving after license suspension, 10/19/01 in
Scarborough, $200, seven days in jail.

Milagro Britt-Scott, 33, of Portland, assault, 12/7/01, $200.

Donald Dean, 21, of South Portland, operating under the influence, 2/8/02 in
South Portland, $600; theft by unauthorized use of property and driving after
license suspension, $300; operating under the influence 1/31/02 in South
Portland, $600.

Andrew Dewar, 23, of Brunswick, operating under the influence, 12/8/01 in
Yarmouth, $400.

Sheri Dyer, 22, of Windham, operating under the influence, 2/21/02 in Portland,
$400, 72 hours in jail, license suspended 90 days.

Christina Lestage, 18, of South Portland, driving after license suspension,
2/23/02 in South Portland, $200; minor transporting liquor, $100, license
suspended 30 days.

Angela M. MacDonald, 20, of Cumberland, driving after license suspension,
1/23/02 in Cumberland, $200; possession of drug paraphernalia, $150; possessing
marijuana, $400.

William Parker, 31, of South Portland, driving after license suspension, 3/1/02,
$200.

Mark F. Pinkoski, 42, of Gray, operating under the influence, 11/13/01 in Gray,
$500, three days in jail, license suspended 90 days.

Larry E. Prout, 27, of Saco, driving after license suspension, 2/12/01 in
Scarborough, $200, with $50 suspended; driving after license suspension, 4/20/01
in Scarborough, $200 with $50 suspended; operating under the influence, $1,000,
12 days in jail, license suspended 18 months.

Shannon Ramos, 23, of Biddeford, driving after license suspension, 1/21/02 in
Scarborough, $200.

Petronilo Rodriguez, 22, of Gorham, procuring liquor for a minor, 2/8/02, $500.

Robert Savage, 39, of Wilsons Beach, Neb., operating without status current,
2/7/02 in Falmouth, $250.

Serena Seals, 18, of Portland, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
2/14/02, $500 with $250 suspended, $47 restitution.

Richard Smith, 32, of Williamsburg, Va., operating without status current,
1/11/02 in New Gloucester, $250.

Thomas R. Young Trucking Inc. of Freeport, driving after license suspension,
1/22/02 in South Portland, $200.

Wayne Townsend, 51, of Yarmouth, operating under the influence, 9/11/01 in
Falmouth, $1,000, 180 days in jail with all but 20 days suspended, one year of
probation, license suspended 18 months.

Sean Wing, 27, of Windham, criminal trespass, 12/29/01 in Windham, $150.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           December 21, 1999 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sole Influence: Mountain of trouble brewing at Mount Zion?

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 736 words


If you're a fan of Mount Zion Christian Academy and it's basketball coach, Joel
Hopkins, you might want to avoid "Sole Influence: Basketball, Corporate Greed,
and the Corruption of America's Youth."

The authors - Dan Wetzel, managing editor of Basketball Times, and Don Yeager,
associate editor of Sports Illustrated - explore the influence Nike and adidas
have on the world of sports.

Included in the book is a not-so-flattering chapter on Mount Zion and its
"basketball factory." Particularly interesting is the description of Hopkins'
relationship with Sonny Vaccaro, the adidas representative who helped former
Mount Zion star Tracy McGrady land a six-year, $12 million endorsement deal.

"Sole Influence" quotes McGrady as saying he almost chose Nike during a visit to
their facilities at Beaverton, Ore.

"I stopped myself," McGrady is quoted as saying. "I was like, 'I can't do this.
Me and Sonny are very close and adidas, we're like family.' "

For their parts, Mount Zion received $300,000 annually as a result of McGrady's
deal. Hopkins and associate Alvis Smith split another $300,000.

But the most damning charges come from Tony Bobbitt, a former prep star from
Daytona Beach, Fla.

"After being rebuffed, Bobbitt says Hopkins told him Mount Zion had something
Mainland High couldn't offer, the key to him securing NCAA freshman
eligibility," the book said. " 'He said he'd take care of me,' Bobbitt said.
'That my test scores would be taken care of. Stuff like that. Me and my dad,
after they left, we were like 'naaaah.' We couldn't believe it. Like it was the
wrong thing to do.' "

Another Mount Zion recruit, Jamario Moon of Coosa County, Ala., had similar
charges against Hopkins.

"They said I didn't have to worry about academics," Moon said. "You had to go to
class but you didn't have to worry about no grades."

As for ACC coaches, the book reports "there has been discussion of creating a
handshake agreement between league schools that no program will recruit any
Mount Zion players."

N.C. State assistant coach Larry Harris went on the record, saying: "We don't
recruit Mount Zion because we are concerned with the academic standards ther."

Harris went on to say, "In a couple of instances, things have gone wrong and we
just don't recruit any of their players. We feel it is best for the N.C. State
program to have nothing to do with that school."

And an unidentified head coach at a Big East school is quoted as saying: "At
some point, everyone knows Mount Zion is going down in flames. The best thing to
do is stay away completely. We don't want any association with the school which
might somehow get us in trouble. We have nothing to do with them."

Times a' changing

Maybe Bill Guthridge is loosening the reins a bit on his players. Saturday night
at the National Car Rental Center in Sunrise, Fla., UNC players were seen
wandering to the bus in their game shorts and warmups after beating Miami.
Normally, buttoned-down UNC leaves in suits.

The change in dress code probably happened because the Tar Heels weren't headed
straight to the airport, as they often do after road games.

UNC stayed Saturday night in Boca Raton and flew to New York on Sunday.

And don't think all the old team traditions have gone out the window just
because the players' departing attire didn't match that of the coaches.

When senior Terrence Newby walked out with headphones around his neck, an
assistant coach quickly told him to "hide those."

O'Kelley's replacement?

Eventually, Dave Odom is going to have to replace his star guard Robert
O'Kelley. Although the Deacs probably won't find a suitable heir to the throne
in this recruiting class, they are looking down the road.

Raleigh Bonner Academy 5-11 point guard Ricky Clemons is getting attention from
the staff. In fact, no one would be shocked if he spent next year at a prep
school to improve his grades and went to Wake.

Piggie bank broke?

With two of his former players, JaRon Rush (UCLA) and Kareem Rush (Missouri),
suspended by their respective schools, much has been made about a Kansas
City-based AAU team run by Myron Piggie.

Federal investigators are keeping tabs on the former AAU coach.

Here's a list of other players who, back in 1997, laced them up for Piggie:

Corey Maggette (Duke/NBA), Ajou Deng (UConn), Korleone Young (NBA/CBA) and Mike
Miller (Florida).

Maggette, Young and Rush, the nucleus of the squad, couldn't co-exist and the
team experienced little success.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 11, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

TEXAS LAWYER I GIVEN JAIL TERM FOR HIS ROLE IN LIBYA SWINDLE PLOT

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 358 words


uf814

By The Associated Press

James C. Day, a former Texas legislator, was sentenced yesterday to four years
in prison for his part in a scheme to defraud Libya of $1 million by overstating
his influence with high officials in the United States Government.

Mr. Day, a 48-year-old lawyer from Brookshire, Tex., has been described as an
associate of the financier Robert L. Vesco, who is a fugitive from a Federal
charge. In his plea for leniency in the United States District Court in
Manhattan, Mr. Day said, ''Don't punish my family for my misdeeds.'' But Federal
District Judge Richard Owen replied, ''I just wish you had thought of that two
years ago.''

A Federal grand jury in New York and a Senate Judiciary subcommittee have been
looking into allegations that Mr. Vesco financed the scheme to help Libya obtain
military transport planes from the United States by corrupting Government
officials.

Mr. Day admitted last November in his plea of guilty to the conspiracy charge
that he exaggerated to Libyan officials his influence with John C. White, then
the Democratic party chairman, and Hamilton Jordan, then White House chief of
staff.

'Fraud at a High Level'

''These were false, fraudulent statements,'' Judge Owen said.  ''This was not
political puffery, but fraud at a high level.'' In a letter to the court,
Raymond Levites, the prosecutor, said Mr. Day also lied in 1979 about his
influence with Mr. White to agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
involved in the Abscam investigation.

Mr. Levites said that Mr. Day had asked agents for $25,000 to give Mr. White for
the use of the chairman's influence in promoting several thermal energy
proposals being considered by the Department of Energy. Later, the prosecutor
said, Mr. Day confirmed that Mr.  White knew nothing about the money or the
scheme and admitted that he intended keep the money for himself.

The judge ordered Mr. Day to surrender March 10 to a Federal marshal in New York
to begin serving his sentence.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

Crime Watch for 12/16/2011

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.

DISPOSITIONS

Tyler C. Merchant, c/o York County Prison; intent to possess controlled
substance by person not registered, escape; waived to court.

Heath F. Sterner, 78 S. Main St., Spring Grove; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under suspension; waived
to court.

Todd T. Horner, 106 W. 6th Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, endangering the welfare of children; waived to court.

Davonne Bradley, 469 W. King St.; fleeing/elude police, recklessly endangering
another person, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of
driving safely, terroristic threats; waived to court.

Besim Beganaj, 516 Laurel St., Lancaster; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely; held for court.

Alfredo A. Cumberbatch Jr., 821 Linden Ave.; retail theft-misdemeanor; held for
court.

Sandra L. Kraft, 450 Hoke St.; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered, possession of marijuana, use/possession of drug paraphernalia,
driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely,
driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under the
influence: combination of alcohol and drugs, reckless driving; waived to court.

Stephen C. Robertson, 720 Priority Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, failure to stop at red light; held for court.

Quinn D. Brown, 701 Wyncroft Terrace, Lancaster; terroristic threats with intent
to terrorize another, defiant trespass-actual communication to, harassment; held
for court.

Timothy L. Helton, 925 Dietz Road; false identification to police, unlawful
solicitation; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 30, 2011 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

POINT OF VIEW ;
NATIONAL RANKINGS DISTORTED;
Social media influential

BYLINE: MIKE KOEHLER

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 469 words


I'm writing this from Oklahoma City, the 76th-most socially networked town in
the country.

What, you didn't know? The social networking city rankings are out, thanks to
the numbers crunchers at Men's Health Magazine, of all places.

Now, don't get me wrong, I love Men's Health, especially if I need 18 easy steps
to get jaw-dropping power abs. But this latest report card about how good the
metros of the U.S. are at social networking makes my head hurt.

Some online sites have given the report some kudos, based on how Men's Health
was able to dig up and quantify the information. "The list ... is as much a
study of how to find this information as it is a valid assessment of which city
has the bragging rights," writes Mashable.com's Charlie White in his take on the
report.

While the numbers may be right - starting with LinkedIn and Facebook users per
capita - I think what gets lost in the story (not to mention its letter grades.
D-plus? Ugh!) is the main appeal of social media, especially in business.

Influence.

Men's Health built part of its study on similar research done by B2B research
firm NetProspex last fall, which also measured business people based on their
social connectivity and reach across the networks. Oklahoma City came staggering
across the finish line there as well, ranked 46th out of 50 cities.

Now do I think Oklahoma City and other Midwestern burgs need to leapfrog over
Seattle, Silicon Valley and Austin? No, obviously social media is more
mainstream in all of those places. But that's precisely my point.

In cities where social media is less adapted by the mainstream, but used by the
first-adapter and decision-making crowd across a smaller geographical space, it
can be more influential than it may be in New York, Los Angeles or Chicago.

Consider the case of Big Truck Tacos. Adopting an aggressive social media
marketing strategy, Big Truck courted the small crowd of online influences and
members of the media in Oklahoma City. The result was standing room-only crowds
at the restaurant, nearly 16,000 Facebook fans and a victory in Food Network's
$10,000 online contest to name the nation's top food truck.

Social media engagement and influence, indeed, even from a city in the low 40s.

Companies looking for an online edge shouldn't worry about the rankings Men's
Health comes up with in its lab (when it's not conducting research on squat
thrusts). Instead it needs to trust in the ability of small die-hard followers
(Tribes, as  marketing guru Seth Godin calls them) to provide online influence
and advocacy.

That's what will separate the cities where social media works and where it's
just another thing to do on your way to your fancy skyscraper.

Oh wait, we've got one of those, too.

Koehler, of Oklahoma City, is president and chief strategist of Smirk New Media.


LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Big Truck Tacos attracted followers through an aggressive
social media marketing strategy. PHOTO BY CHRIS LANDSBERGER, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: Mike Koehler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            December 31, 2006 Sunday

IRON MIKE ARRESTED FOR DRIVING UNDER INFLUENCE, DRUGS

LENGTH: 375 words


LOS ANGELES: Former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson was arrested Friday on
charges of driving under the influence and possession of drugs after nearly
crashing into a police car, justice authorities said.

Police stopped the notorious 40-year-old former boxer once known as the "baddest
man on the planet" soon after leaving a nightclub in Scottsdale, Arizona at
about 1:47 a.m., Buckeye Police Department officer Jim Garber said.

"He came out of the nightclub and almost collided with officers patrolling in a
squad car outside. He was followed and stopped and arrested for DUI and
possession of drugs," Garber told AFP.

Tyson, who was traveling alone, was booked at Maricopa County's Fourth Street
jail and appeared in court Friday. He was released but ordered to report for
drug and alcohol checks pending a further court appearance on January 16.

A police report of the arrest submitted to the court said tests had shown Tyson
was under the influence of a cocktail of drugs including depressants, stimulants
and cannabis. No alcohol was found in his system.

Three bags of white powder believed to be cocaine were found after officers
carried out a search and Tyson admitted he was "an addict and had a problem,"
according to the police statement.

The two-time heavyweight champion announced his retirement from boxing after he
lost to unheralded Irishman Kevin McBride on June 11, 2005.

Tyson (50-6, 44 KOs) squandered an estimated $300 million in earnings and
declared bankruptcy in 2003, and recently fought in a series of exhibition bouts
in order to improve his finances.

Friday's arrest is the latest in a series of brushes with the law that Tyson has
had since he exploded onto the boxing scene in the mid-1980s, becoming the
youngest heavyweight champion in history in 1986, at the age of 20.

Considered unbeatable for the rest of the decade, Tyson's career went off the
rails when he suffered a shock upset to James "Buster" Douglas in 1990.

In 1992 Tyson was convicted of raping a beauty queen at a pageant in
Indianapolis, Indiana, and was sentenced to six years in prison.

He was released in 1995, and although he regained two of his world titles in
1996, he was never to recapture the aura of invincibility he had once enjoyed.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Boxing; Crime/Courts

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            August 6, 2005 Saturday

DailyDigest

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 824 words


NEWS IN BRIEF

Registration dates announced for Unit 5

NORMAL -- Registration dates and times have been announced for Unit 5 schools.

Elementary registration for those in pre-kindergarten through fifth grade will
be from 3 to 7 p.m. Aug. 11. Junior high registration for grades 6 through 8
will be from 3 to 7 p.m. Aug. 16.

Senior high registration for those in grades 9 to 12 will be from 8:30 to 11:30
a.m. and from 4 to 6:30 p.m. Seniors will register Aug. 15; juniors, Aug. 16;
sophomores, Aug. 17; and freshmen, Aug. 18.

Police, fire, rescue

Bus accident ties up downtown traffic

BLOOMINGTON -- About seven people were treated for minor bumps and bruises
following a collision between a city bus and a pickup truck Friday afternoon in
downtown Bloomington, an emergency official said.

There were no serious injuries in the accident shortly after 2 p.m. just north
of the intersection of Main and Washington streets, police said. But emergency
vehicles, including a fire engine, three ambulances and several police vehicles,
stopped traffic between Front and Washington streets following the collision.

Further information was not available Friday evening.

IN COURT

Marijuana case in federal court

BLOOMINGTON -- A 33-year-old Texas truck driver will face federal charges that
he hauled about $1.6 million worth of marijuana through McLean County in
September, a prosecutor said.

Prosecutors dropped local charges Friday against Ramiro Anguiano of Walesco,
saying he had been indicted in federal court. Further information about the
federal indictment was not available Friday.

Illinois State Police stopped Anguiano's truck Sept. 29 on Interstate 55 at the
north end of Normal because the license plate on his semitrailer was improperly
fastened, police previously said. Police found 17 pallets containing 1,600
pounds of marijuana in the trailer, police said.

McLean County

BLOOMINGTON -- The following people were sentenced in McLean County Circuit
Court for driving under the influence. Unless otherwise noted, the offenses
involved alcohol.

Jesse Alan Fearnow, 21, of the 1400 block of South Main Street, Normal, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of probation and 30 days in
jail, stayed pending remission hearing, for driving under the influence of
alcohol. Also court supervision revoked and conviction entered for a 2004 charge
of driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment
and 100 hours of community service.

Timothy Don Ramsey, 47, of the 2000 block of Haverhill Park, Normal, fined $600,
DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of probation for driving under the
influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Christopher Lee Brown, 39, Clinton, Md., fined $1,250, DUI fine of $1,000 and
sentenced to two years of conditional discharge and 30 days in jail, with five
days to be served and balance stayed pending remission hearing, for driving
under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Michael J. Zurawski, 23, Alsip, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to
two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol; and
conviction for failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident. Must complete
recommended treatment.

Jeffrey D. Penn, 25, of the 700 block of McGregor, Bloomington, fined $300, DUI
fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for driving under
the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Matthew A. Wall, 19, of the 1100 block of Redwood Avenue, Bloomington, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

Christopher M. Gibson, 23, Eureka, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to
two years of court supervision for driving under the influence of drugs. Must
complete recommended treatment.

Michael G. Holt, 34, Stanford, fined $600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two
years of court supervision for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Recommended treatment completed.

Mario M. Jordan, 33, of the 500 block of North Oak Street, Bloomington, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol; and conviction for no valid driver's
license. Must complete recommended treatment.

Bradley B. Baker, 27, of the 900 block of North Lee Street, Bloomington, fined
$600, DUI fine of $500 and sentenced to two years of court supervision for
driving under the influence of alcohol. Must complete recommended treatment.

The Pantagraph values accuracy. If you see something that is inaccurate, report
it to the editor of the section. All corrections will run in this space, except
Sundays. If you are not sure whom to call, contact Editor Terry Greenberg at
(309) 820-3230 or tgreenberg@pantagraph.com or Managing Editor Mark Pickering at
(309) 820-3252 or mpickering@pantagraph.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rowing on the Chicago River The Pennsylvania Athletic Club Rowing Team,
left, rounds a bend in the Chicago River ahead of the U.S. National Rowing Team
as the two teams head for the finish in an 8-oared rowing event Friday, Aug. 5,
2005, in Chicago. The U.S. team nosed ahead at the finish for the win in the
event which pitted one of the top rowing clubs in the country against the U.S.
National team, which included one of the Gold Medalists in the Men's 8-Oared
competition at the 2004 Olympics in Athens, Greece.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 22, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Train hits man lying on tracks;
Police say victim, who fractured leg, possibly under alcohol influence

BYLINE: ERIC OLSON eolson@heraldsun.com; 419-6647

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 379  words


A Durham man hit by a train Monday afternoon near South LaSalle Street may have
been under the influence of alcohol, police said.

Martin Patrick Anderson, 47, of 3316 Yanceyville St., Apt. G, was lying on the
train tracks when a 105-car Norfolk and Southern train hit him around 1:41 p.m.,
Durham police spokesman Lt. N.J. Blake said.

"It is unknown at this time why he was lying on the track," Blake said.

Anderson suffered a compound fracture to his left leg and was taken to Duke
University Hospital for treatment, Blake said. He was listed in fair condition
Monday night, a hospital spokeswoman said.

Durham police Lt. D.L. Dowdy said Anderson might have been under the influence
of alcohol.

After he was hit, the conductor, whose name was unavailable, stopped the train
and reportedly helped search for Anderson. He was found lying in some brush to
the south of the tracks.

Robin Chapman, a spokesman for Norfolk and Southern, said that practice is
standard procedure.

"The conductor normally would get out and check on the victim," Chapman said.

Although Dowdy said police likely would not charge Anderson, Durham police
Officer Eric Weaver, who volunteers for Operation Lifesaver, said it is a
misdemeanor in North Carolina to trespass on a train right of way.

Operation Lifesaver is a nonprofit national education program dedicated to
ending collisions, fatalities and injuries at highway-rail grade crossings and
on railroad rights of way. The program's motto is "Stay off! Stay away! Stay
alive!"

Weaver summed it up another way. "The best thing is to not get run over by a
train," he said.

In 2002, North Carolina ranked seventh in the country for pedestrian trespassing
fatalities involving trains, with 20, according to the most current statistics
available from the Federal Railroad Administration.

The train that hit Anderson, which was carrying mixed freight from Roanoke, Va.,
to Raleigh, was 5,672 feet long and weighed 11,280 tons, Chapman said.

Anderson was released June 1 from the Durham County Jail following an arrest for
misdemeanor larceny May 29.

His criminal record also includes an Oct. 8, 2001, conviction for second-degree
burglary in Orange County. He was released from prison Feb. 12, 2003. And he was
convicted of larceny in 2001 and shoplifting in 2000.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           City Messenger (Australia)

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Album at the end of the lane

BYLINE: SAM KELTON

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 416  words


Many things have contributed to the making of Jordie Lane's Glassellland, but
nothing more so than the musical influences of his childhood.

"My strongest musical influences are ones that my parents had on the shelves
growing up. The likes of Crowded House, Stevie Wonder, Joni Mitchell and The
Beatles," he said.

"There's definitely influences, some more than others in this record, but
definitely The Beatles." Lane is back in Australia for his national tour after
releasing his latest full length album, something fans have been waiting five
years for.

Lane said he could not wait for the tour and it would be the unveiling of his
band, The Sleepers. "People can expect to see some very excited musicians ready
to play some new music," he said.

"There will be a bunch of new story songs and rocking out kind of songs." The
much-loved Australian songwriter said writing the new album was difficult at the
beginning, but once the first song was written everything flowed.

"Once that poured out, it was like something cracked open," Lane said. "The
writing process probably only took about two months all up, but spread out over
nine months." Recording the album took longer for Lane and producer/partner
Clare Reynolds, as they produced, engineered and played the instruments.

"We chose to take longer and we could be a lot more complex and put more depth
into the songs," Lane said.

He said musicians who worked on their last record, made in Nashville, Tennessee,
influenced Glassellland.

Lane said one of the hardest questions he had to answer was how the album
sounded.

He said the album portrayed the sound he had been hearing in his head. "I think
living on the west coast of Los Angeles has given the record a kind of west
coast sound," he said.

"Gritty but at the same time it has a breezy, summery vibe. Also, capturing a
story of one person has always been a huge influence on my sound." Lane said the
album's name had an interesting origin.

"There was this sign on a hill around the corner from our first recording space
that stood only three metres high that said Glassellland in big block letters,"
he said.

"It was this ironic take on the original Hollywood-land sign. Instantly it
became the symbol for the album before we'd even started writing.

"It was like a visual mantra that said: 'Your dreams are endless!' But the
difference was it was not all glossy and fake Hollywood. It was a mundane,
regular working class, real, gritty neighbourhood."Jordie Lane plays Jive on
Thursday, November 3.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: City Messenger


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Lawmakers: Do the right thing, outlaw junkets

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial © 2016 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: MY TOWN; Opinion

LENGTH: 452 words


In the political arena, those with money to spend and a cause to promote often
say all they want is "access" once a candidate is elected. They tell us they
donate to campaigns not to buy votes -- as it appears they are doing -- but
simply to obtain a fair hearing for their worthy cause.

It is a sweet notion that falls somewhere between the tooth fairy and unicorns
on the plausibility index.

The reality is that lobbyists are generally paid to win, not to simply gain
access.

Access is influential only if it actually influences someone to adopt a point of
view. Of course, there is usually much competition for that influence and
lobbyists must use creative tactics.

One such tactic is the political junket. California legislators get whisked off
to such desirable locales as Maui and Chile to ostensibly "learn more about the
issues." Nonprofits and foreign governments foot the bill for this grand
education.

Such trips are often further justified as allowing legislators to discuss policy
away from the partisan pressures of Sacramento. However, these justifications
always stop short of explaining why such a noble purpose can be accomplished
only in places such as Hawaii and not in, say, Bakersfield or Fresno.

Those explanations are not forthcoming because apologists for the practice know
that any reason proffered might peak the plausibility meter to uncharted
heights.

For years, these junkets have drawn the ire of government watchdogs, who have
been unable to shame legislators into discontinuing the practice. In fact, one
industry-paid conference in Maui has become an annual event.

So, Assemblywoman Patty Lopez, D-San Fernando, has introduced Assembly Bill
2840, which would prohibit nonprofits from covering travel and lodging expenses
for elected officials.

Lopez is to be applauded for advancing the legislation, especially since it has
little chance of passing. She will surely feel the wrath of colleagues for doing
so.

Lopez is a first-termer and was an upset winner in her race against Raul
Bocanegra. This bill further establishes her as a Sacramento outsider, which
isn't particularly fun.

If she doubts that, she should talk with Contra Costa County Clerk/Recorder Joe
Canciamilla, who spent six years trying to inject reason and ethics into the
Assembly and wound up so ostracized his caucus could meet comfortably in a broom
closet.

Still, Lopez deserves high marks for the effort.

This is a practice built on the fallacy that legislators playing golf and
partying in Hawaii at someone else's expense will somehow lead to better
government.

It is possible -- no, likely -- that those paying the tab for the trip will get
what they think is better government, but it is unlikely the rest of us will.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Lawmakers: Do the right thing, outlaw junkets

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial © 2016 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: MY TOWN; Opinion

LENGTH: 452 words


In the political arena, those with money to spend and a cause to promote often
say all they want is "access" once a candidate is elected. They tell us they
donate to campaigns not to buy votes -- as it appears they are doing -- but
simply to obtain a fair hearing for their worthy cause.

It is a sweet notion that falls somewhere between the tooth fairy and unicorns
on the plausibility index.

The reality is that lobbyists are generally paid to win, not to simply gain
access.

Access is influential only if it actually influences someone to adopt a point of
view. Of course, there is usually much competition for that influence and
lobbyists must use creative tactics.

One such tactic is the political junket. California legislators get whisked off
to such desirable locales as Maui and Chile to ostensibly "learn more about the
issues." Nonprofits and foreign governments foot the bill for this grand
education.

Such trips are often further justified as allowing legislators to discuss policy
away from the partisan pressures of Sacramento. However, these justifications
always stop short of explaining why such a noble purpose can be accomplished
only in places such as Hawaii and not in, say, Bakersfield or Fresno.

Those explanations are not forthcoming because apologists for the practice know
that any reason proffered might peak the plausibility meter to uncharted
heights.

For years, these junkets have drawn the ire of government watchdogs, who have
been unable to shame legislators into discontinuing the practice. In fact, one
industry-paid conference in Maui has become an annual event.

So, Assemblywoman Patty Lopez, D-San Fernando, has introduced Assembly Bill
2840, which would prohibit nonprofits from covering travel and lodging expenses
for elected officials.

Lopez is to be applauded for advancing the legislation, especially since it has
little chance of passing. She will surely feel the wrath of colleagues for doing
so.

Lopez is a first-termer and was an upset winner in her race against Raul
Bocanegra. This bill further establishes her as a Sacramento outsider, which
isn't particularly fun.

If she doubts that, she should talk with Contra Costa County Clerk/Recorder Joe
Canciamilla, who spent six years trying to inject reason and ethics into the
Assembly and wound up so ostracized his caucus could meet comfortably in a broom
closet.

Still, Lopez deserves high marks for the effort.

This is a practice built on the fallacy that legislators playing golf and
partying in Hawaii at someone else's expense will somehow lead to better
government.

It is possible -- no, likely -- that those paying the tab for the trip will get
what they think is better government, but it is unlikely the rest of us will.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 25, 2012 Friday

All Eyes On Big Sky

BYLINE: Tom Murse / Politically Speaking

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


If you're appalled and frightened by the tens of millions of dollars in
corporate cash being spent to influence our federal elections, here's a word
that will strike fear in your heart: Montana.

Its campaign finance law banning corporate spending on state-run elections is
under siege by an activist group whose sole self-admitted purpose is "to solicit
and anonymously spend the funds of other corporations, individuals and entities
to influence the outcome of Montana elections."

The legal arguments there are expected to be reviewed by the U.S. Supreme Court,
which issued the landmark ruling two years ago that first opened the floodgates
to corporate and union spending in national politics.

Critics of that decision, Citizens United, are pinning their hopes on the
justices having a change of heart based on Montana's arguments, or at the very
least allowing states to uphold their own laws on campaign spending at the
statewide and local levels.

The outcome could have far-reaching consequences in contests for governor and
legislatures across the nation. If Montana loses, corporations would be given a
solid green light to spend as much as they want to influence local elections.

Twenty-two states and the District of Columbia don't want that to happen and are
backing Montana. They have filed a brief in support of the state.

"The federal law struck down in Citizens United applied only to elections for
president and U.S. Congress," New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman wrote.

"By contrast, Montana's law applies to a wide range of state and local offices,
including judgeships and law-enforcement positions such as sheriff and county
prosecutor."

Pennsylvania, it is interesting to note, is not among the states supporting
Montana - even though the Supreme Court's 2010 decision conflicts with its own
law and already has sent strong shocks through the political system here.

Section 1633(a) of the state election code prohibits corporations from spending
money "in connection with the election of any candidate or for any political
purpose whatever." The Pennsylvania Department of State, which oversees
elections here, stated after the 2010 Supreme Court ruling that the state law
"cannot be administered constitutionally" in light of Citizens United.

The Citizens United ruling led to the formation of hundreds of independent
expenditure-only committees, now commonly referred to as super PACs. They can
raise and spend unlimited sums of money from corporations and unions, trashing
candidates for any public office in the land.

If you want to see the impact of the decision, look no further than Democratic
U.S. Rep. Tim Holden's 17th Congressional District, just across Lancaster
County's northern border.

The 20-year incumbent was unseated in the April 24 primary after super PACs -
including one bankrolled by a conservative Texas builder - poured more than a
half-million dollars into TV ads mercilessly bashing Holden.

One of the super PACs, the Campaign for Primary Accountability, even took credit
for unseating Holden, saying it "acted as the equalizer" against a well-funded
veteran lawmaker who enjoyed "all the benefits of incumbency."

If the potential for that sort of corporate intrusion into politics to reach
down into races for governor, state Legislature or even Lancaster County
commissioner doesn't frighten you, nothing will.

tmurse@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Murse Politically Speaking

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Oklahomans, tepees influence the Big Apple

BYLINE: The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 582 words


March 11--NORMAN -- Norman artist and museum exhibitions specialist Tim Ramsey,
together with Yolanda White Antelope of Oklahoma City, recently returned from
New York City attending the Feb. 17 opening of "Tipi: Heritage of the Great
Plains," an exhibition at the Brooklyn Museum of Art and the first major
exhibition in more than 30 years to examine tepees of the Plains Peoples.

Ramsey, a native of El Reno, presented the original concept for the exhibition
to Brooklyn Museum of Art curators Nancy Rosoff and Susan Kennedy Zeller in the
fall of 2004, and served as guest curator through the planning phases and as a
consultant throughout the process.

Ramsey's museum work has included exhibit installations at the Smithsonian,
National Museum of the American Indian, the Mashantucket Pequot Museum and
Cultural Center, State University of New York at Buffalo, Atlanta College of
Art, National Geographic and the University of Oklahoma Fred Jones Jr. Museum of
Art and Sam Noble Museum.

Also attending the opening was University of Oklahoma Sam Noble Museum's curator
Daniel C. Swan who also served as a consultant, panel discussion participant and
co-author of a vignette in the exhibition's catalog.

On view through May 15, the exhibition features more than 160 objects from the
Brooklyn Museum's collection of Plains material, as well as selected works from
other museums; objects by contemporary Plains artist; and three full-size
tepees, two with furnished interiors.

Additional Oklahoma connections are artists Harvey Pratt of Oklahoma City and
Vanessa Jennings of Anadarko along with a full-size Southern Cheyenne Beaded
Tepee with beaded interior wall liner and matching beaded furnishings made in
Western Oklahoma, originally purchased from the Mohonk Lodge Trading Post in
Clinton and dated 1904.

Pratt, a former Marine, was asked to create ledger style depictions of his
Vietnam experiences on his own personal tepee liner to juxtapose a prized
artifact in the Brooklyn Museum's collection; an historic wall liner depicting
battle scenes created in 1889 by Hunkpapa Lakota warrior Rain-in-the-Face
(1835-1905). The two liners face and compliment each other in the exhibition.

Jennings's work of a contemporary boy's Kiowa dance regalia is featured in the
children's section adjacent a child's-size play tepee surrounded by games, toys,
cradles, dolls, and other belongings related to children.

Tulsa Philbrook Museum's curator, Christina E. Burke, and University of Oklahoma
Ph.D. candidate in Anthropology, Michael P. Jordan, were involved as authors of
sections in the exhibition catalog.

Jordan and Swan's section features a story of the Kiowa Tonkongya, Black
Leggings Warrior Society and the renowned "Tipi with Battle Pictures." Burke's
section is titled "Growing Up on the Plains."

"Tipi: Heritage of the Great Plains" focuses on the tepee as the center of
Plains culture and social, religious, and creative traditions from the early
nineteenth century to the present.

The exhibition examines the tepee as an architectural form, an expression of
Plains artistic and cultural identity, and an interior space for domestic and
ritual use.

To see more of The Norman Transcript or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.normantranscript.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Norman Transcript,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110311-NQ-Oklahomans-tepees-influence-the-Big-Apple-0311-20110311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2011 The Norman Transcript


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 25, 2010 Saturday

Roundup

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


CONCORD

Driver arrested after car flips: A Concord man who flipped his car on East
Olivera Road in Concord after losing control and hitting a tree early Saturday
morning was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol,
police said.

Abraham Mendoza Sanchez, 20, of Concord, was trapped inside his car,
unconscious, around 6:30 a.m. Saturday after the car overturned in a solo
accident on Olivera near Salvio Street in Concord, police said. Sanchez, the
only person in the car, was rescued by Concord police, firefighters and
paramedics and taken to John Muir Hospital for treatment of facial injuries,
said Lt. Steve Dyer of the Concord Police Department.

Sanchez showed signs of being under the influence of alcohol, and police
arrested him at the hospital, where he remained Saturday morning for treatment,
Dyer said. The case will be forwarded to the Contra Costa District Attorney's
Office for review, Dyer said.

Sanchez was carrying his roommate's wallet, and police initially identified him
as the roommate.

-- Janis Mara

Salt Lake City

Police kill armed man at temple: A man armed with a shotgun outside a Mormon
temple near Salt Lake City was shot and killed by police Saturday, a television
station reported.

The man had been in an altercation with another man in the parking lot outside
the Oquirrh Mountain Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
in South Jordan, Fox13 said.

The confrontation began about 12:30 p.m. Police arrived shortly afterward and
repeatedly ordered the shotgun-toting man to drop the weapon, South Jordan
police Lt. Dan Starks said. When he refused, one officer opened fire, Starks
said.

Officers found numerous weapons, including guns, swords and ammunition, inside
the dead man's car, Starks said.

Police haven't said whether the two men were acquaintances or how the
confrontation between them started.

-- Associated Press

Casper, Wyo.

Two die in ski accident: Authorities say two people died and one was injured
after a man on a snowboard ran into a woman and her daughter on skis at a
Wyoming ski area.

The Casper Star-Tribune reports that the 22-year-old man and the 5-year-old girl
were pronounced dead at a Casper hospital after the accident Friday at the
Hogadon Ski Area. The mother has been hospitalized but her condition and
injuries weren't available Saturday. No names have been released.

Natrona County sheriff's Lt. Mark Sellers says the mother and girl were stopped
on a ski run when the snowboarder hit them.

-- Associated Press

St. Louis

DELAYS IN REPORTING woman's DEATH: An aspiring model who died at the home of
former Anheuser-Busch chief executive August Busch IV had a rare heart
condition, according to her ex-husband.

The St. Louis Post-Dispatch on Saturday also said there were delays in reporting
the death of Adrienne Martin, 27, who was found dead at Busch's suburban St.
Louis home Dec. 19.

The newspaper reported Saturday that Kevin Martin, a doctor of osteopathy who
practices in Cape Girardeau, said he diagnosed his then-wife with a heart rhythm
disorder in 2002, just after they married.

The newspaper reported that it took someone at Busch's mansion more than 40
minutes to call 911 after Adrienne Martin was found dead at 12:30 p.m.,
according to the St. Louis County Medical Examiner's Office.

Busch, 46, hasn't commented publicly about Martin's death. Frontenac, Mo. police
did not disclose her death until four days later -- after the newspaper reported
it on its website.

Officials said an initial autopsy was inconclusive. A ruling stating the cause
of death is expected after results of toxicology tests come back, which could
take up to six weeks.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Joyce's numbers belie production

BYLINE: JOEY JOHNSTON, jjohnston@tampatrib.com

SECTION: SPECIAL SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 763 words


Armwood High grad had a big influence on Rays' rise to top.

By JOEY JOHNSTON

jjohnston@tampatrib.com

ST. PETERSBURG - Sometimes, Matt Joyce flashes back to a day, not so long ago,
when he sat in the stands at Tropicana Field and cheered for the expansion Tampa
Bay Devil Rays.

"In a way, it's surreal," said Joyce, 26. "I'm playing for my hometown team. And
now, we're going to the playoffs."

Joyce, the Rays' right fielder and former Armwood High standout, had a big
influence on Tampa Bay's ascension to the American League East championship.

Joyce's overall numbers (.242 batting average, 10 homers, 40 RBIs in 76 games)
might not look imposing, but the backstory is fascinating.

"Matt doesn't just get big hits," Rays first baseman Dan Johnson said. "He gets
huge hits."

There was the pinch-hit, two-out, two-strike eighth-inning grand slam to center
field at Minnesota on July 3, igniting Tampa Bay's come-from-behind 8-6 victory.

There was his two-out, two-strike, sixth-inning grand slam on July 26, which
broke a scoreless tie and provided the impetus behind Matt Garza's no-hitter, a
5-0 home triumph against the Detroit Tigers.

There was his two-out, two-strike, sixth-inning three-run homer on July 30,
sending the Rays past the New York Yankees 3-2.

"He has done some real damage with two strikes," Rays manager Joe Maddon said.
"He has that really tension-free, effortless approach. The ball just comes off
hot. I love those kind of guys, man."

Maddon professed an affinity for Joyce's potential ever since the Rays acquired
him on Dec. 10, 2008, in a trade with the Detroit Tigers for right-handed
starting pitcher Edwin Jackson.

That faith was tested last season when Joyce, after batting just .188 in 11
games, was sent to Triple-A Durham, where he stayed the rest of the year.
Jackson, meanwhile, was selected for the AL All-Star team and registered a 13-9,
3.62 ERA season.

Joyce, after beginning this season in Durham and fighting through injuries,
returned to Tropicana Field on June 25. He went 0-for-4. But that was the night
Jackson, now with the Arizona Diamondbacks, threw a no-hitter.

"That was bad timing, one of the low points," Joyce said. "The guy you were
traded for throws a no-hitter against his old team. After a while, you realize
it's just a roller-coaster ride. You just have to roll with it, as frustrating
as the lows can be.

"At the beginning of this year (in Durham), it was probably some of the hardest
times I've been through. Now being able to be here and show you belong, having
people question the trade and whether or not I could play, it's frustrating. But
it's a wasted effort to be sidetracked and be diverted from what you have to do
today. You have to concentrate on what you do well."

One area where Joyce excels - pitch selection.

Rays hitting coach Derek Shelton remembers a four at-bat sequence in which Joyce
saw 34 pitches. Overall, Joyce has 40 walks and a .362 on-base percentage (along
with a .479 slugging percentage).

The next step is Joyce becoming an everyday, 500-at-bat performer. He is just
2-for-23 (.087) against left-handed pitching this season (and .163 against
lefties overall in three major-league seasons).

"I know I can do it, but I realize I haven't really helped my cause too much,"
Joyce said.

Joyce might need to settle for a supporting role in the first two games of the
American League Division Series. The Texas Rangers will open with two
left-handed starters, Cliff Lee and C.J. Wilson.

"Right now, the dynamic of our lineup is about the options we have at various
positions, but in the end, Matt is going to be an everyday player," Shelton
said. "When you're grinding through the AL East, you have to work deep into
counts and be able to hit with two strikes. Matt can do that. He's just a young
left-handed hitter who is a work in progress. He has been patient."

That's something Joyce has learned the hard way.

"If you get down on yourself in this game, it will eat you alive," said Johnson,
who played with Joyce at Durham this season.. "It doesn't matter what level
you're at, you've got to live your life as if every day could be your last.
You've got to grind. When you get the opportunity, you've got to produce. That's
like the job description of a baseball player."

And it's the definition of how Joyce has made a difference for the Rays.


Reporter Joey Johnston can be reached at (813) 259-7353.

Photo: Matt Joyce came through with several key hits this season during the
Rays' run to the AL East crown.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RAYS PLAYOFF PREVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 10, 2009 Friday

Crime Watch for 06/30/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


District Judge Kim S. Leppo's office covers North Codorus, Codorus, Manheim and
Heidelberg townships, Jef ferson, New Salem and Seven Valleys.
DISPOSITIONS
Martin T. Quinton, 1232 Blake Court; driving under the influence; held for
court.

Jonathan Amspacher, 3900 Tunnel Hill Road, Apt. 4; endangering the welfare of
children, driving under the influence; held for court.

Jonathan Amspacher, 3900 Tunnel Hill Road, Apt. 4; fleeing/eluding police,
use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to court.

Jonathan Amspacher, 3900 Tunnel Hill Road, Apt. 4; theft, receiving stolen
property; held for court.

Shannon Faircloth, 161 Red Oak Lane, New Columbia; recklessly endangering
another person, driving under the influence, reckless driving; held for court in
absentia.

Ann M. Sliver, 620 Florida Ave.; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jamie Gray, 1 McKinley Ave., Hanover; possession of drug paraphernalia; held for
court.

Christian St. Louis, 203 Burn Hill Road, Shermans Dale; worthless check; held
for court in absentia.

Chad Dittenhafer, 4708 Bentz Road, Spring Grove; receiving stolen property; held
for court.
---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Nathan Dekotah Bowers, 102.5 Fair Ave., Hanover; liquor law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Daniel J. Ottomano, 40 Elmwood Ave., Hanover; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
violation of Commonwealth rules and regulations, control of property; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Jessie Marie Myers, 36 Skylite Drive, Hanover; parking prohibited in specified
places; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Patrick Stidham, 186 N. Main St., Spring Grove; liquor law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Larry Richard Cook, 12222 Polktown Road, Zullinger; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
control of property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Delfino Morales-Licona, 413 7th St., Allentown; PA Fish and Boat Commission;
possession and display of licenses; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Lyna Tran, 354 Foxleigh Drive, Hanover; criminal trespass; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Katrina M. Smoker, 20 Pinewood Circle, Hanover; parking violation; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Kimberly Johnson, 22 Dunmore Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Clifford Cook, 975 Baltimore St., Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Roy McNall, 347 Hobart Road, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Harold W. Queseberry, 355 Barts Church Road, Hanover; PA Fish and Boat
Commission; control of property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Nathan Thomas Miller, 26 Campus Court, Spring Grove; retail theft; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Eduardo Serrano Chavez, 5 Ward Ave., Westminster, Md.; liquor law; sentenced to
pay fine and cost.

Justin B. Lighty, 16 Fair Ave., Hanover; parking prohibited in specified places;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Jennifer Depamphilis, 61 Laurel Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Christopher Scott Oken, 30 Galway Drive, Hanover; liquor law; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Timothy Phillips, 12 Zachary Drive, Hanover; school law; sentenced to pay fine
and cost.

Joseph Poole, 59 Radio Road, Hanover; PA Fish and Boat Commission; violation of
rules and regulations; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Mario Munoz-Varela, 418 Colonial Crest Drive, Lancaster; PA Fish and Boat
Commission; possession/display of license; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

John E. Stair, 125 Mussetta St., Hanover; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Daniel Howard Young, 632 Roosevelt Ave.; PA Fish and Boat Commission; control of
property; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; school law; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; curfew violation; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; harassment; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Amber Marie Hutchin son, 104 Clyde Ave., Halethorpe, Md.; disorderly conduct;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

YWCA honors Seven Women of Influence

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: HUBER HEIGHTS, RIVERSIDE, DAYTON & VANDALIA; Pg. RC3

LENGTH: 218 words


DAYTON - The YWCA Dayton will honor seven local women at its annual Women of
Influence Awards Luncheon on March 19 at the Dayton Convention Center.

Also, a Lifetime Achievement Award will be presented to Marie "Penny" Wolff,
office administrator at the law firm Sebaly, Shillito and Dyer.

The 2009 Women of Influence Honorees are:

* Sister Carol Bauer, vice president, mission effectiveness, Good Samaritan
Hospital;

* Marsha Bonhart, news anchor, WDTN-TV (Channel 2);

* Marsha Froelich, executive director, Clothes That Work!;

* Tess Little, artist and professor, Sinclair Community College;

* Linda Lombard, community volunteer;

* Paula Schaeffer, community volunteer; and

* Janaki Venkayya, president and CEO, GlobeTech Exchange.

The YWCA Dayton Women of Influence honorees are women in greater Dayton who have
made a positive influence on the lives of others as part of their careers, as
volunteers or as role models or mentors.

The Women of Influence Luncheon serves as the largest annual fundraiser for the
YWCA Dayton and is supported by WDTN, AT&T Ohio, CDO Technologies Inc., Faruki
Ireland & Cox PLL, Miami Valley and Good Samaritan Hospitals, SoBran Inc. and
Vectren.

Tickets for the luncheon are $65 per person.

For more information, call the YWCA Dayton at (937) 461-5550, ext. 179, or visit
www.ywcadayton.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The YWCA Dayton 2009 Women of Influence honorees are women in the
greater Dayton community who have made a positive influence on the lives of
others as part of their careers, as volunteers or as role models or mentors.
This year's honorees (back row, from left) are Janaki Venkayya, Linda Lombard,
Tess Little and Sister Carol Bauer; and (front) Penny Wolff (Lifetime
Achievement Award), Paula Schaeffer and Marsha Froelich. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

Dayton YWCA to honor Women of Influence

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: BELLBROOK & SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE2

LENGTH: 218 words


DAYTON - The YWCA Dayton will honor seven local women at its annual Women of
Influence Awards Luncheon on March 19 at the Dayton Convention Center.

Also, a Lifetime Achievement Award will be presented to Marie "Penny" Wolff,
office administrator at the law firm Sebaly, Shillito and Dyer.

The 2009 Women of Influence Honorees are:

* Sister Carol Bauer, vice president, mission effectiveness, Good Samaritan
Hospital;

* Marsha Bonhart, news anchor, WDTN-TV (Channel 2);

* Marsha Froelich, executive director, Clothes That Work!;

* Tess Little, artist and professor, Sinclair Community College;

* Linda Lombard, community volunteer;

* Paula Schaeffer, community volunteer; and

* Janaki Venkayya, president and CEO, GlobeTech Exchange.

The YWCA Dayton Women of Influence honorees are women in greater Dayton who have
made a positive influence on the lives of others as part of their careers, as
volunteers or as role models or mentors.

The Women of Influence Luncheon serves as the largest annual fundraiser for the
YWCA Dayton and is supported by WDTN, AT&T Ohio, CDO Technologies Inc., Faruki
Ireland & Cox PLL, Miami Valley and Good Samaritan Hospitals, SoBran Inc. and
Vectren.

Tickets for the luncheon are $65 per person.

For more information, call the YWCA Dayton at (937) 461-5550, ext. 179, or visit
www.ywcadayton.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The YWCA Dayton 2009 Women of Influence honorees are women in the
greater Dayton community who have made a positive influence on the lives of
others as part of their careers, as volunteers or as role models or mentors.
This year's honorees (back row, from left) are: Janaki Venkayya, Linda Lombard,
Tess Little and Sister Carol Bauer; and (front) Penny Wolff (Lifetime
Achievement Award), Paula Schaeffer and Marsha Froelich. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             January 4, 2009 Sunday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 556 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Richard D. Munoz-Rich, 22, of 1507 Sundance Lane for driving under the influence
, driving with a suspended license and speeding at 8:56 p.m. Thursday in the 400
block of Fox Farm Road.

Kildee E. Herring, 52, of 1621 Evans Ave. for public intoxication, open
intoxicant possession and unlawful entry onto property at 3:29 p.m. Thursday at
2302 E. Lincolnway.

Tobie D. Jones, 19, of 1114 W. Sixth St. for public intoxication at 4:44 a.m.
Thursday at 1901 Central Ave.

Erica L. Klimt, 20, of 620 Creighton St. for driving under the influence at 4:16
a.m. Thursday at East Pershing Boulevard and North College Drive.

Nicholas D. Lemons, 28, of an unknown address in Cheyenne on misdemeanor
warrants for probation violation and failure to appear in court at 2:05 a.m.
Thursday at 1516 Taft Ave. #3.

Steven M. Zangara, 24, of 5309A Atlas Loop for interfering or obstructing at
2:02 a.m. Thursday at 222 W. Lincolnway.

Justin J. Smith, 20, of 138 S. Cribbon Ave. on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to appear in court and for refusing to obey and giving a false identity at 11:40
p.m. Wednesday at his home.

David S. Patrick, 22, of 1121 King Court for driving under the influence at
11:36 p.m. Wednesday at 215 E. Lincolnway.

Joseph W. Sutcliffe, 23, of 1712 Pinto Lane on a misdemeanor warrant for failure
to comply at 11:09 p.m. Wednesday in the 600 block of East Lincolnway.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Bryan L. Messick, 38, of 3522 Bevans St. for driving under the influence,
driving without insurance, driving with a suspended license and failure to
maintain a traffic lane at 3:17 a.m. Thursday in the 3900 block of Laramie
Street.

Christopher M. Bois, 31, of 2400 Missile Drive, Apt. B13 for driving under the
influence at 12:20 a.m. Thursday at West Wallick Road and South Greeley Highway.

Harry D. Patterson, 54, of Casper on a misdemeanor warrant for probation
violation at 2:50 p.m. Wednesday in Glendo.

Kimberly A. Hayes, 48, of 312 S. Fork Road for driving with a suspended license
and marijuana possession at 3:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Laramie County jail, 1910
Pioneer Ave.

Michael L. Cotton, 34, of 316 Central Ave. #6 on misdemeanor warrants for
probation violation and failure to pay at 3:30 p.m. Wednesday at 1802 Central
Ave.

Rene Delgado, 26, of Greeley, Colo., for interference with a peace officer at
4:45 p.m. Wednesday in the 1600 block of South Greeley Highway.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Brian P. Kuzma, 25, of 5310 Imperial Court for driving under the influence at
9:18 p.m. Thursday on U.S. Highway 85 within the first mile marker.

Bryan Ristau, 42, of 7910 Healy Road for driving under the influence,
interference with a peace officer and failure to stop at the scene of a crash at
7:04 p.m. Thursday at his home.

Jared B. Parker, 24, of 2519 Pattison Ave., Apt. C for driving under the
influence and a speeding violation at 7:43 a.m. Thursday on Highway 85 at the
fifth mile marker.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 495 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Diona M. Ramirez, 26, of 339 Arkel Way for interfering or obstructing and
refusing to obey at 7:20 a.m. Friday in the 300 block of Arkel Way.

Fred G. Harder, 34, of 339 Arkel Way for a first-offense noise disturbance,
interfering or obstructing and resisting arrest at 7:18 a.m. Friday in the 300
block of Arkel Way.

Shawn P. Harper, 43, of 2510 E. 11th St. for driving under the influence,
failure to maintain a traffic lane, driving without insurance and driving with a
suspended license at 4:34 a.m. Friday at Garrett Street and Carbon Avenue.

Jessie I. Trujillo, 23, of 4971 King Arthur Way No. 2 for failure to maintain a
traffic lane and driving under the influence at 2:27 a.m. Friday at Sixth and
Central avenues.

Tyrone V. Hubbard, 49, of Townsend, Ga., for driving under the influence and
failure to maintain a traffic lane at 2:01 a.m. Friday in the 200 block of West
17th Street.

Tron S. Brown, 36, of 219 Saddle Drive for driving under the influence and a
stop sign violation at 12:55 a.m. Friday in the 1600 block of Stillwater Avenue.

Carole A. Bibler, 47, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to appear
in court at 12:15 a.m. Friday in the 700 block of Stanfield Avenue.

Thomas R. Ironshell, 19, of 705 S. Fork Road on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay at 4:09 p.m. Thursday at Ridge Road and Rock Springs Street.

John R. Lisle, 57, of an unknown Cheyenne address on an out-of-state felony
warrant at 4:03 p.m. Thursday at 121 W. 15th St.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

David W. Hardy, 50, of Rawlins on an out-of-county misdemeanor warrant at 9:38
a.m. Friday at 2310 E. Eighth St.

Adam A. Anderson, 21, of 1805 Park Ave. on a misdemeanor warrant for probation
violation at 8:35 a.m. Friday at the Laramie County Jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Martin B. Cordova, 52, of 2512 Bent Ave. for driving under the influence and
interference with a peace officer at 12:09 a.m. Friday at Seventh Street and
Stanfield Avenue.

Rocky H. Roberson, 19, of 5485 Division Ave. for failure to maintain a traffic
lane and driving under the influence at 11:40 p.m. Thursday in the 2800 block of
South Greeley Highway.

n

Recently arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol were:

Basile S. Daskalakis, 58, of Wilson on an out-of-county misdemeanor warrant at
8:30 a.m. Friday on Interstate 25 at mile marker 7.9.

Michael F. Basel, 41, of San Antonio, Texas, for driving under the influence at
8:21 a.m. Friday on Interstate 25.

Alan Cardenas-Rodriguez, 25, of Columbus, Ohio, on a felony U.S. Marshal Service
hold at 7:54 a.m. Friday on Interstate 80 at mile marker 347.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 15, 2008 Friday

More Crime Watch for 08/15/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


District Court 19-2-01 covers Springettsbury and Hellam townships, Hallam and
Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Robert A. Giove, 14 Circle Drive, Wrightsville; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver, possession of drug paraphernalia; held
for court.

Regina M. Crew, 557 W. Philadelphia St., Apt. 1; retail theft; waived to court.

Michael C. Gehman, 2507 N. Sherman St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: general impairment, maximum speed
limit; waived to court.

Fay M. Krause, 1790 Argyle Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment; waived to court.

David Hinnershitz, 281 E. Market St., Apt. 2, Hellam; driving under the
influence: general impairment, exceed maximum speed limits, disregard traffic
lane (single); held for court.

Christopher L. Quinn, 21 W. Donegal St., Apt. C, Mount Joy; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, duties at stop sign; waived to court.

Shannon E. Trish, 5070 Lincoln Hwy. W., Thomasville; driving under the influence
: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, driving
under influence: controlled substance/metabolite, disregard traffic lane
(single); waived to court.

Victor E. Ramos-Perez, 410 W. Philadelphia St.; false identification to law
enforcement authorities, driving under suspension, obstructed window; waived to
court.

Nadia Veralis Rivera- Lozano, 186 Coventry @ Waterford; burglary, theft by
unlawful taking/disposition, receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Anita J. Evans, 136 Silver Spur Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, required position
and method of turning; waived to court.

Randy Laverne Williams, 55 Hickory Drive, Manchester; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of
alcohol, traffic control signals; waived to court.

Michael Karl Vaness Jr., 683 Wallace St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; held for court in
absentia.

Chad Michael Still, 227 E. Jackson St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Darren C. Mason, 302 Cherry St., Apt. 2, Columbia; marijuana-small amount for
personal use, driving while operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to
court.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants;

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 365 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Douglas F. Chapman - 68, Sandpoint, injury to child, $5,000 bond.

Joseph K. Cooper - 34, Spokane, possession of a controlled substance, $25,000
bond.

John R. Filkins - 43, Enumclaw, Wash., possession of a controlled substance,
$25,000 bond.

Balinda Gay - 46, Los Molinos, Calif., possession of marijuana, $25,000 bond.

Thomas S. Johnson - 53, Hope, grand theft, $50,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

James E. Allen - 32, Mariposa, Calif., battery upon law enforcement officer,
$724 bond.

Ralph L. Bacon - 58, Sandpoint, driving under the influence, $300 bond.

Dennis A. Broome - 48, Sandpoint, driving without privileges (two counts), $198
bond, two days in jail.

Daniel R. Cameron - 48, Federal Way, Wash., domestic battery (two counts),
$1,564 bond.

Kirk M. Cameron - 50, Priest River, driving under the influence (two counts),
$908 bond.

Amy L. Cavanaugh - 28, Spokane, resisting/obstructing officers, $264 bond.

Jerry F. Chick - 56, Sandpoint, pedestrian under the influence of alcohol,
$1,668 bond.

Christopher M. Davis - 31, Coeur d'Alene, possession of marijuana (two counts),
$1,032 bond.

Jessica M. Decker - 37, San Diego, petty theft, $500 bond.

Fred C. Dyer - 49, Priest River, use or possession of drug paraphernalia with
intent to use, $400 bond.

Danny R. Hackle - 46, Sandpoint, battery, petty theft, injury to child,
possession of a controlled substance, $7,891 bond.

Johnathon R. Hamilton - 33, Ethel, Wash., filing a false report, supplying
liquor to minors, resisting/obstructing officers, $1,091 bond.

Christopher J. Hijeck - 35, Post Falls, violation of a no contact order (four
counts), $35,000 bond.

Roe D. Morrison - 28, Sandpoint, possession of a controlled substance (two
counts), $6,000 bond.

Lynette E. White - 43, Sandpoint, failure to purchase a driver's license, $300
bond.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: *Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner
County courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 529 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Daniel Seid reported Thursday the theft of a 2000 Mazda Protege of undetermined
value from a home in the 1200 block of North Lincoln Way.

Whitney Wood reported Thursday the $1,000 theft of a jacket and stereo equipment
from a 1996 Honda Civic parked in the 3100 block of North Kathy Loop.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Barry Watson

Rex N. Taylor, 35, Post Falls; driving without privileges; $587 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (165 days suspended), 180 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Tony R. Byers, 37, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: driving without privileges; $250
fine, 180 days in jail (166 days suspended), 180 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation. Count II: driving under the influence; $750
fine, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended), 90 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Nathan K. Waldman, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 90
days in jail (88 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Paul McCabe

Charles E. Lauria II, 45, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $500 fine,
180 days in jail (178 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Robert P. Callahan, 53, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Nickolas C. Cleveland, 22, Post Falls; driving without privileges; $500 fine
($402 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 80 hours county work
program, one year probation.

Judge Daniel McGee

Jacob L. Pritchett, 25, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Jerad D. Jones, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Kyle J. Morris, 18, St. Maries; failure to notify upon striking unattended
vehicle; $300 fine, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county
work program, two years probation.

Judge Charles Hosack

Paul J. Loutzenhiser, 30, Coeur d'Alene; battery on law enforcement officer;
$1,000 fine ($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (160 days suspended), two years
probation.

Civil complaints

Riverland Excavating Inc. v. Steve Glynn and GGI Excavation Inc., seeking
$8,720.

Advance America v. Christie Fakrieh, seeking $1,050.

Spokane Merchants Association v. Joshua Thompson, dba Lightning Siding II,
seeking $41,624.

Spokane Merchants Association v. Joshua Smith, dba Smith Landscaping, seeking
$7,919.

James and Susan Malcolm v. David White and Michelle White, seeking an amount to
be proved at trial.

Landi Gorton, aka Gianino v. Judson Gorton, seeking $5,000.

Petition for change of name

Ethan Jeffrey Rollins, petition for change to Ethan Jeffrey Landon.

Divorces sought

Troy Lehti from Angela Lehti.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 13, 2006 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Rhett Miller blends Texas roots, British influences

BYLINE: By Terry Perkins SPECIAL TO THE POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: GET OUT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 522 words


Unlike many Texas musicians, Rhett Miller isn't part of the legendary Austin
music scene -- although he was born in Austin. Miller grew up in the Dallas
area, where he ended up as lead singer and guitarist with the Old 97's, an
alt-country band formed in 1993.

But Miller's musical roots go back to his first solo recording, "Mythologies," a
1989 acoustic folk effort with a major British pop rock influence. One
particular British songwriter -- Ray Davies of the Kinks -- was a strong
influence personally as well as musically.

"Ray Davies wrote 'Waterloo Sunset,' my very favorite song," says Miller,
speaking by phone from Atlanta, a stop on the tour in support of his latest solo
album, "The Believer."

"I guess he always appealed to me because, while Mick and the Stones and the
Beatles were over here going crazy and getting rich, Ray was pushing a pram
around his neighborhood in London.

"There's something about that that I relate to. I've never really liked the rock
star lifestyle. Maybe my career would have flourished more if I was that kind of
guy. But it all seems so phony to me."

Miller and his wife have one child, and they are expecting their second in late
April. In fact, Miller has scheduled his tour to make sure he's home in plenty
of time for the birth of the baby. And he plans to take plenty of time off from
the Old 97's this year.

"The other guys in the band are OK with that, he says. A couple of them have
kids, too. But we'll still be out there in a way, because the band is in a movie
coming out, called 'The Breakup.' The penultimate scene in the movie takes place
at an Old 97's concert, and we've got a solid five to seven minutes of screen
time ... plus Jennifer Aniston commenting on how cool we sound!"

There are plenty of great sounds -- and well-crafted songs on "The Believer," a
recording Miller considers his best yet. On the album, he's backed by an
all-star band including drummer Matt Chamberlain, multi-instrumentalist Jon
Brion and guitarist Gary Louris. But Miller preferred to go on tour with an
existing band: Crookston, a New York trio that includes guitarist Tommy
Borschied, a former member of the Minneapolis band Honeydogs. For this tour,
they were called the Believers.

"It's been really great," says Miller. "There's something about this band being
together and already having a dynamic, that really makes everything mesh really
well. We're playing better all the time, so it should sound really nice by the
time we get to St. Louis."

Miller took a moment at the end of the interview to comment on his first
recollections of playing in St. Louis -- with a Dallas band called Killbilly in
the early 1990s.

"I played rhythm guitar and toured with Killbilly during the last year the band
was together," Miller says. "We used to come up to St. Louis and play a lot,
maybe every couple of months or so. I definitely remember some great shows at
Cicero's. I also remember banging my head on the ceiling there a lot. There
wasn't much headroom on that stage."

---

Rhett Miller

When: 8 p.m. Tuesday

Where: The Gargoyle, Washington University, 1 Brookings Drive

How much: $15

More info: 314-534-1111

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  MUSIC

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - (Rhett Miller)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFILE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 11, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Genetic Influence on Parenting

Judy Mann

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C15; JUDY MANN

LENGTH: 998 words


What influences how you react to your children?

We know that parents who have been abused by their own parents or caretakers are
more likely to abuse their own children than are parents who were not abused.
There also are behavioral patterns that seem to recur in some families more than
others.

We are far more willing to attribute physical patterns that recur, such as a
distinctive shade of blue eyes, to genetic influences than we are willing to
attribute behavior patterns to them. Figuring out the source of behavior has
been one of the most controversial aspects of all the nature/nurture debates.

Involved in this quest is David Rowe, a behavioral geneticist at the University
of Arizona in Tucson and the author of "The Limits of Family Influence." He was
one of the experts who presented findings at last week's conference on
"Parenting and the Child's World," sponsored by the National Institute of Child
Health and Human Development and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

He and his colleagues did a study of three types of adult siblings raising
children under the age of 8. The adults they studied were identical twins,
fraternal twins and adopted siblings. "The genetic expectation is that if genes
influence parenting styles, the identical twin siblings should parent more alike
than the fraternal, and both should parent more alike than the adoptive
siblings," Rowe says. The environmentalist school of thinking believes that you
learn parenting by observing your own parents, which would mean "then, the
siblings should parent somewhat alike but genetics should have no consequence."

The result of the study, he said, is that there is a genetic influence on
parenting. "The identical twins parented most alike, the fraternal twins were in
the middle, and with the adoptive siblings, you get a big contrast. One might be
very warm and the other very aloof," he says. "The genetic influences come about
because our personality traits influence how we parent. Warm and affectionate
parents are more often extroverted, outgoing people. They are more emotionally
stable kinds of people.

"We know there are genetic influences on personality," he says, particularly on
these five traits: extroversion, emotional stability, agreeableness,
conscientiousness and intellectual interest, "which overlaps with intellectual
ability."

But behavior between parents and children is not unilateral, and there is a
large body of research that shows that an infant who wins parental attention
with an activity such as smiling or crying will be inclined to repeat that
activity. "Children elicit parenting behavior," Rowe says. "A highly active
child that breaks toys and runs around" and might endanger himself will provoke
much more vigilant behavior in parents than will the more sedentary child. "This
is especially true of children who have problems. Difficult children receive
harsh discipline because they are harder to parent. A parent can look very good
when the first child is easy, and then the second child comes along and is not
so easy, and you don't look so good anymore."

He cites the findings of the Colorado Adoption Project that defined some adopted
children as high-risk children based on the impulsive, minor delinquent behavior
of their biological mothers. "These are all babies adopted very early," Rowe
says, and the question was whether they received different parenting from their
adoptive parents, who knew nothing of their biological mother's "antisocial"
behavior, than other adopted children did from their adoptive parents. "The
result was that the adoptive parents meted out more harsh discipline to the
difficult children, the ones with the biological background suggesting they will
be difficult. Children come into a family, and they evoke a different parenting
style. You should never think of parenting as parent influence on child alone
but also the child on the parent. This has not been given enough emphasis.
Parents who have more than one child will recognize how different children evoke
different behaviors from them."

In another study, this one of adolescent twins, Rowe found that the identical
twins reported much more similarity in such things as the warmth their parents
showed them, than did fraternal twins, which again underscores the impact the
child has on how he is parented.

"I think parents overestimate their influence," says Rowe, who has one child.
"The kinds of characteristics that children develop in the long run depend much
more on the nature of the child than the nurture that child receives. I like to
tell parents to relax more, but I've never been able to do that."

Rowe is one of the researchers working with the National Longitudinal Study of
Adolescent Health, which has more than 3,000 pairs of identical twins, fraternal
twins, siblings, half siblings and unrelated young people ages 14 to 18 in its
sample. "We did a genetic study of aggression and found . . . a modest genetic
influence." Further, he says, "there is a tendency for higher levels of
aggression in all schools that were ethnically diverse, which is not too
surprising, but a little discouraging. Kids are in different cliques, and there
are conflicts between them."

Another window into whether the environment or genetics shapes behavior came
from looking at smoking behavior in siblings. While starting to smoke is
influenced by peers, genetics influence addiction levels. "Fraternal are as
alike as identical twins," he said. "The smoking result is interesting because
the amount of smoking they do once addicted seems to depend pretty strongly on
genetics." If parents are heavy smokers, their children tend to smoke more
heavily. His advice to parents is one we have heard before, but his research
makes it all the more compelling, particularly for parents who are heavy
smokers: "You want to stop that first cigarette if you can." Raising a teenager
who smokes is one area where parents have an impact.


LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          November 21, 1995, Tuesday,

GRAND JURY CHARGES MAN IN BEATING OF GIRLFRIEND

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 3B, INDICTMENTS

LENGTH: 1036 words


A 35-year-old man accused in a violent assault on his girlfriend in a Portland
apartment has been indicted by a Cumberland County grand jury.

Michael Curran, address unknown, is charged with aggravated assault, a Class B
felony punishible by up to 10 years in prison.

The alleged victim, Rhonda Russell, said she and Curran were drinking in her
Cumberland Avenue apartment April 6 when he became upset and beat her, according
to a police statement in court records.

Russell described the alleged assault to police: ''His hands were around my neck
choking me. I could feel my air supply was being cut off. I got light headed.
(Curran) then stated punching me repeatedly in the face. I don't know how many
times . . . Michael Curran then stopped and left. He said nothing as he left. I
got up and got a towel to put on my face.''

Russell suffered a broken nose, cracked cheekbone and broken bones around her
eye socket in the April 6 assault, according to medical records. She was
hospitalized at least a week.

Curran remains free on bail.

The following are other indictments handed down in October by a Cumberland
County grand jury. ROBBERY

Paul Dimeo, 24, of Old Orchard Beach.

Donald McDonald, 20, of 9 North St., Westbrook.

Stefan Paladino, 18, of Sherman Street.

GROSS SEXUAL ASSAULT

Ronald Baurle, 49, of 20 Munjoy St., two counts; also unlawful sexual contact,
assault and criminal threatening with the use of a dangerous weapon.

Earl E. Bennett, 34, address unknown, three counts; also unlawful sexual
contact.

David Deschambeault, 40, of Casco.

Jeffrey Hanson, 31, of 23 West Pownal Road, North Yarmouth, three counts.

ASSAULT

Leslie Allen, 37, of 24 Foxcroft Drive, Scarborough; also aggravated criminal
mischief, two counts, burglary, two counts, theft and arson.

AGGRAVATED ASSAULT

Dwayne Rogers, 31, of 70 Forest Ave.

Charles Scott, 19, of 203 Oxford St.

Donna Howard, 36, of 66 Sherman St.

BURGLARY

Guy Leach, 28, transient; also theft and criminal mischief.

Larry Cote Jr., 22, of 96 Central St., Westbrook, two counts; also theft, nine
counts.

William Reichert, 25, of 10 Pine Road, Falmouth; also theft.

Scott Camara, 22, of 69 Riverton Drive; also theft, theft by unauthorized use of
a motor vehicle, criminal mischief, two counts, theft by receiving and operating
after suspension.

Thomas Maddocks, 20, of Miami, Fla.; also theft.

Bradford Landry, 26, of 601 North Elm St., Yarmouth; also criminal threatening.

HABITUAL OFFENDER, DRIVING UNDER INFLUENCE

Carleton Nason, 44, of Harmons Hill Road, Standish; also operating under the
influence/excessive blood alcohol.

Corey Munn, 26, of 13 Linwood Ave., Old Orchard Beach.

Gary Romasco, 43, of 57 Larch St.

Timothy Watts, 20, of 163 Devereaux Circle, South Portland; also operating under
the influence/excessive blood alcohol and violation of condition of release.

Raymond Bourget, 36, of 100 State St.

Robert Jordan, 37, of 79 Frances St.

Jonathan Davis, 21, of 159 Hicks St.; also operating under the influence/
excessive blood alcohol and failure to stop for a police officer.

Gary Gray, 24, of RR5, Gorham; also operating under the influence/excessive
blood alcohol.

George Jones, 34, of 80 Middle Road, Cumberland; also operating under the
influence/excessive blood alcohol.

Michael Lindsey, 32, of 30 Winn Road, Falmouth.

HABITUAL MOTOR VEHICLE OFFENDER

Curtis Moody, 27, of RFD1 Machias; also operating under the influence/excessive
blood alcohol.

Come Charron, 23, of 25 Falmouth St.

Rodney Toothaker Jr., 27, of 193 Grant St.

Joseph Barnaby, 39, of 1736 Minot Ave., Auburn.

OPERATING UNDER THE INFLUENCE/EXCESSIVE BLOOD ALCOHOL

Normand Comeau Jr., 29, of Litchfield; also operating after suspension.

Bret Cullen, 36, of 63 Park Ave., Greenland, N.H.; also operating after
suspension.

ELUDING A POLICE OFFICER

Jo Ann Allebach, 39, of 393 Center St., Auburn; also operating under the
influence/excessive blood alcohol and criminal speed.

Aaron Chute, 18, South Casco; also criminal speed, driving to endanger,
operating without a license, unregistered motor vehicle and criminal mischief.

Harry Fillmore, 21, of 3 Cottage Road, Windham; also operating after suspension
and driving to endanger.

NEGOTIATING A WORTHLESS INSTRUMENT

Michael Creamer, 31, of 11 Smith Road, Windham, two counts; also forgery.

THEFT

Mariam Ayub, 47, of 713 Stevens Ave.; also unemployment fraud.

Mark Chambers, 23, of 57 Rochester St., Westbrook; also unemployment fraud.

Kenneth Kaminski, 53, of 100 Madeline St., South Portland.

Nancy L. O'Dell, 18, of 31 Amesbury St., Rockland.

Charlotte Coley, 21, of 1 Gilcrest St., Thomaston.

Janet Storer, 29, of 2 Duck-A-Way, Freeport.

Tyrone Farley, 25, of 16 Fernald Drive, Freeport.

Julie Profenno, 24, of 50 Johnson Road, Windham.

Tony Walkup, 22, of 8 Noble Ave., Freeport.

Arthur Sherman, 31, of 125 Pierce St., Lewiston; also aggregated negotiating a
worthless instrument.

Gertrude Jardine, 59, of 24 Diver St., Lowell, Mass.

Meekelia Walker, 29, of 21 Agawan St., Lowell, Mass.

AGGREGATED THEFT

Diane Bailey, also known as Diane Alexander, 33, of South Pleasant St.,
Richmond.

THEFT BY UNAUTHORIZED TAKING

Melvin Cottle Jr., 29, of 36 Center St., Biddeford; also aggregated forgery.

CRIMINAL USE OF EXPLOSIVES

Jason Merritt, 20, of 11 Leach Road, Fryeburg.

BURGLARY, MOTOR VEHICLE

Sheldon Moreau, 24, of 111 Sherman St; also theft by unauthorized use of a motor
vehicle and theft.

Douglas Monson, 26, of 55 Landry Circle, two counts; also theft, two counts.

James Small, also known as Michael Chandler, 32, transient, nine counts; also
theft, nine counts, criminal mischief, eight counts, burglary, two counts and
forgery.

TRAFFICKING IN PRISON CONTRABAND

Hernert Pendleton III, 22, of 1 Whitehall Ave., South Portland.

THEFT BY RECEIVING

Edward C. Buckley, 42, address unknown.

ESCAPE

Douglas Athearn, 18, of 675 Westbrook St., South Portland; also assault on a
corrections officer.

Timothy Gavett, also known as Timothy Berry, 18, of 675 Westbrook St., South
Portland.

VIOLATION OF CONDITION OF RELEASE

Stephen Barlow, 28, of 43 O'Brien St.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1995 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 23, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

EDITOR'S NOTE (CORRECTION)

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 159 words


A July 2 editorial commenting on the corrupting influence of money on the
political process cited large contributions to Missouri gubernatorial candidates
by Daniel B. Lichtenstein of St. Louis, Frank A. Bowman of St.  Louis, Gary C.
and Anita Robb of Kansas City and the International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers Educational Committee of Washington, D.C. The editorial went on to say
that these contributions ''were made for one reason: to buy influence with the
person who wins the governor's chair . . . That influence may be paid off in the
form of contracts for discretionary government work, or it may be intended to
shape legislation. . .'' It was unfair to the contributors to assert that the
only reason they contributed was to obtain influence over the candidates. The
editorial should have allowed for the possibility of other reasons. Many
contributors are motivated by an interest in good government and expect nothing
in return.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             July 26, 2003 Saturday

Arrest log

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 623 words


Acton

Peter L. Wattles, 42, 25 North Ave., Norwood; operating under the influence of
alcohol, speeding, marked lanes violation.

Bedford

Roxanne T. Bell, 20, Lawrence; operating under the influence of liquor, marked
lanes violation.

Dracut

Dawn Casati, 35, 4 Rosemary, Salem, N.H.; unlicensed motor vehicle operation.

Harvard

Douglas A. Knight, 42, Harvard Rdoad, Bolton; operating under the influence of
alcohol.

Littleton

Brian Helmuth, 26, 33 High St., Acton; illegal possession of marijuana.

Crystal S. Vespy, 18, 16 Bulette Road, Acton; illegal possession of marijuana.

Jonathon Helmuth, 19, 33 High St., Acton; possession of alcohol, improper
operation of a motor vehicle.

Juan Santiago Jr., 29, 55 West Fourth St., Lowell; operating under the influence
of alcohol, operating after suspension[subsequent offense], speeding.

Salvatore Lopez, 26, 271 Chatham St., Lynn; operating without a license; Lynn
Court warrant for motor vehicle charges.

Lowell

William Ducey, 56, no known address; trespassing after notice.

Sidney Dehate, 43, no known address; distribution of a class A substance,
conspiracy to violate drug laws.

Christopher Rodriguez, 19, 221 White St.; straight warrant, operating a motor
vehicle after suspension, operating an uninsured motor vehicle, operating an
unregistered motor vehicle.

Angel Perez, 21, 243 Moody St.; straight warrant, operating after suspension,
subsequent offense, no inspection sticker, speeding.

Alan Potter, 46, 278 Central St. Apt. 17, possession of a class A substance,
conspiracy to violate drug laws.

Dennis Ricupero, 48, no known address; distribution of a class A substance,
distribution of a class A substance in a school zone.

Barbara Romano, 43, 1045 Middlesex St. Apt. A; violation of a restraining order,
resisting arrest.

Kelly Wilson, 33, 47 Elm St. Apt. D; straight warrant, assault and battery.

Nashua

Ahmad Hassan, 26, 5 Norton St.; warrant three counts of sale of cocaine.

Sandra L. Macquarrie, 58, 361/2 Russell St.; warrant two counts of sale a
narcotic.

Joshua M. Poff, 19, no fixed address; warrant three counts sale of a narcotic.

Christopher S. Ducharme, 29, 15 Russell St.; warrant sale of a narcotic.

Paul J. Hennigan III, 20 Neillian Way, Bedford, Mass.; willful concealment.

Jeremy T. McKenna, 18, 7 Lee St.; driver's license prohibitions, driving with
suspended license.

Jose L. Garcia Jr., 36, 76 Lock St.; domestic violence criminal threatening.

Jason R. Kinney, 29, 5 Stanley St., Hudson, N.H.; warrant burglary.

Jason J. Barriere, 28, 3 York St.; driving with suspended license.

Sandra Grunder, 42, 105 Spit Brook Road; driving after first prohibition.

Jesus Torres, 18, 17 Cross St.; driving without a license [second offense].

Christian Carson, 22, Forest Road, Greenfield; warrant for domestic violence
[simple assault].

Michael S. Manoukian, 23, 169-1 West Hollis St.; possession of marijuana.

David J. Delesio, 42, 3 McLaren Ave.; counterfeit inspection sticker.

Emerson Emerson Jr., 29, 150 Golfview Drive, Manchester; driving after license
suspension [second offense], prohibition.

Daouda Dieng, 18, 72 Prospect St., Milford, N.H.; possession of narcotics, being
a minor in possession of alcohol.

Michael B. Ryan, 19, 8 Pavillion Road, Amherst, N.H.; possession of narcotics,
being a minor in possession of alcohol, possession of false identification.

Richard Smith Jr., 40, 174 Heino Road, Agworth; driving while intoxicated.

Comfordt Alston, 25, 19 Buck St.; criminal liability to robbery.

Justin R. Andrews, 24, 71 Trestlebrook Drive; driver's license prohibitions,
driving after license suspension.

Ransy Scanlon, 27, address not available; warrant for domestic violence [simple
assault].

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 2, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Ripe Time for Soviet Students in U.S.

BYLINE: By SETH MYDANS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 10; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Sept. 1


Far from the Moscow barricades, Soviet students in the United States can only
watch in suspense as their country transforms itself. But some say that,
paradoxically, they may be in the right place at the right time.

"Even though I wasn't there, I feel that what has happened is part of my life
too, because the majority of the people around the Parliament building were of
my generation," said Pavel Gelman, a 24-year-old drama student at Pepperdine
University in Malibu, Calif. "I think it is appropriate for me to be here
because now it is clear that whatever happens, the Soviet Union and the West
will need and cooperate with each other more than ever."

Officials here said Soviet student exchanges, which have increased rapidly since
President Mikhail S. Gorbachev came to power in 1985, were likely to play an
increasingly significant role as the Soviet Union looks to the West for ideas.

A Chance for Influence

"Our generation has a big chance to influence all these changes," said Maxim
Pavlushin, 23, who has just arrived for a nine-month course at Columbia
University's School of International and Public Affairs in New York. "I think
that I will be more useful -- my knowledge will be more useful -- for my country
after my study here."

Dan E. Davidson, executive director of the American Council of Teachers of
Russian, which coordinates the majority of Soviet student exchanges, said:
"There is enormous opportunity now for the United States to engage these
incredible human resources that the Soviet Union represents. This is a country
that looks first and foremost to the United States as a model."

Mr. Davidson said close to 2,000 Soviet students, teachers and researchers were
on long-term exchanges to the United States, a giant increase from only a score
of scholars when Mr. Gorbachev took office. Many more Americans are studying in
the Soviet Union.

Among the Russians is Georgi Bovt, 31, a specialist in American political
parties, who arrived at Columbia with Mr. Pavlushin. Mr. Bovt said he planned to
develop contacts here and acquire additional expertise to serve as an adviser to
the Russian republic government of President Boris N. Yeltsin.

Taking New Skills Home

Another scholar at the same institute, Andrei Kuteinikov, 32, has just completed
his course of study and is about to return to Moscow to open an office there for
Merck and Company, the pharmaceutical concern based in Rahway, N.J.

He said the events in his homeland have convinced him that the time is ripe to
return there as a businessman.

"Before it happened, my mother insisted that I should stay here and find a job
in the United States until everything was settled between the Communists and the
democrats in the Soviet Union," he said. "But now most people have this feeling
that Communism is really defeated."

Like other students, he said his time in the United States had been invaluable
for the taste it gave him of the way an open society functions. "Life is a
system of very small, tiny details that you cannot see in reading magazines or
academic books," he said.

He said he would, among other things, require workers in his office to wear
white shirts, a tiny detail that would symbolize the efficiency and productivity
of the American workplace.

Among the less optimistic Soviet students here is Dmitri Noraev, a 24-year-old
physicist who arrived recently at the University of Southern Californiaafter
witnessing the events in Moscow firsthand.

"To tell you the truth, before the coup I had no doubt that I'll return to the
Soviet Union to work," he said. "But now I'll wait and see how things turn out.
If the democratic changes are irreversible, then I will come back to Russia to
work."

Mr. Davidson of the teachers' council said these exchange students are part of
an explosion of mutual interest among students in the Soviet Union and the
United States. As the pace of student exchanges has risen, so has the number of
Americans studying Russian in schools and colleges here.

He said that from 1981 to 1991 there has been an increase of about 10 percent a
year in the number of students studying Russian in college and that the number
in secondary schools has tripled from 1980 to 1990.

"Now this is an immensely attractive subject area," Mr. Davidson said. "There is
a stimulus for Americans to take up Russian because they can have real
confidence that there will be opportunities to use it."

Prefering to Stay in U.S.

One Soviet student who has instead cast his lot with the United States is Anton
Churmanteyev, who is studying political science and business at Columbia and who
decided long before the coup attempt that he would not return home.

"I prefer to live in the United States," he said. "It is very hard to return to
the Soviet Union when you have lived in a normal country."

Mr. Churmanteyev, 28, said that, at least as of a week ago, his parents were
Communist Party members, part of what he called "all that party stuff, all that
Communist stuff" that Soviet citizens have had to live with for 74 years.

"My mother believes in Communism," he said. "She likes Lenin, though she doesn't
like Stalin or Brezhnev. She believes in Communism and the system."

Freedom for Mr. Churmanteyev means the possibility of living anapolitical life,
a private, personal life divorced from the orthodoxy of the past and the
convulsions that grip his homeland today.

"I'm fed up with politics. There's too much politics in the Soviet Union. I'm
not interested in it any more," he said. "It's maybe a shame, but actually I
don't want to be there."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: "Our generation has a big chance to influence all these
changes," said Maxim Pavlushin, who is taking a nine-month course at Columbia
University's School of International and Public Affairs; "Most people have this
feeling that communism is really defeated," said Andrei Kuteinikov, another
scholar who has just completed his course of study and is about to return to
Moscow. (Photographs by Jack Manning/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 14, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Foreign Input On Fed Cited

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 7, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 167 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 13


Foreign-owned banks have enough influence in the New York and San Francisco
Federal Reserve districts to raise serious questions about the continued
independence of the Federal Reserve system from foreign influence,
Representative Benjamin S. Rosenthal, Democrat of New York, said today.

Mr. Rosenthal said that the current system by which directors are elected to
district Federal Reserve banks ''operates to give a considerable voting
influence to the largest foreign-owned banks in the New York and San Francisco
districts.''

The New York Congressman, chairman of the House Commerce, Consumer and Monetary
Affairs Subcommittee, made his comments in a letter to Paul A. Volcker, chairman
of the Federal Reserve Board.

In his comments, Mr. Rosenthal cited the Marine Midland Bank, the
European-American Bank and Trust Company and the Republic National Bank as
foreign controlled banks in the New York Fed district, and the Union Bank and
the Bank of California in the San Francisco district.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

J. R.'s JOY RIDE Mercurial ex-Knick now an essential Cavalier - with LeBron's
help

BYLINE: Justin Terranova

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 516 words


J.R. Smith drew comparisons to Dennis Rodman this offseason - both from Knicks
president Phil Jackson and Rodman himself.

Now Smith may have met his version of Michael Jordan.

"There are players like LeBron [James] who had great influence on players who
have had, let's say, murky pasts," said TNT play-by-play man Marv Albert, who is
calling the Eastern Conference finals.

"Michael Jordan is the same way. When Rodman was brought to Chicago that worked
out pretty well, despite some things going on off the court that were a little
bit different. On the court he played as hard as anyone in the league. That's
the influence of Michael.

"LeBron is such a strong influence in a good way on the team.   It's respect for
how good they are and not wanting to disappoint. They do it differently. LeBron
is a little bit more vocal.   Michael can give a guy a look that could send a
message. There are similarities also."

Smith's role has become even more important with Kevin Love out for the
remainder of playoffs with a shoulder injury and Kyrie Irving nowhere near 100
percent playing on a banged-up knee. Smith torched the Hawks for 28 points in
the Cavaliers' 97-89 Game 1 win over the Hawks on Wednesday night.

It was part of Smith's bounce back after being suspended for the first two games
of the Bulls series for slapping Boston's Jae Crowder. Now the Cavaliers seem
destined for the Finals with the Hawks potentially losing DeMarre Carroll, who
has been their best player this postseason, with a knee sprain.

The Hawks' loss could be the NBA's gain with the potential of matching James up
against the Warriors and MVP Steph Curry, who held a 1-0 lead over the Rockets
heading into Game 2 Thursday night.

"You know the league and ABC would be delighted to see LeBron James in the
Finals," Albert said. "It's a great matchup because of the shooting ability of
the Warriors and the way the Cavaliers have been playing. Cleveland's team has
changed - they've gone through it seems three different rosters - [so] their
record isn't indicative of the talent. So, they are now like a 60-win team. That
would be an excellent series."

As Albert calls the Eastern Conference finals, his former colleague Steve Kerr
is guiding Golden State. Kerr left the booth to coach the Warriors this
offseason after spurning Jackson and the Knicks.

"I am so happy for him. We text back and forth," Albert said. "And sometimes
it's humorous texts because - and I say this in the most favorable way - Steve
has a twisted sense of humor and he's watching us all the time and commenting on
how I might phrase something.

"And I got a great kick out of the fact that he got 10 technical fouls. He does
not come across as someone who is going to be vociferous and arguing all the
time. He has done a terrific job because he took over a team that was good and
Mark Jackson was very well liked as a coach, and he took them to another level.
That's very hard to do. Because of the way his personality is, he has such a
touch with people and he obviously loves what he's doing. "

jterranova@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NO FOOLIN': J.R. Smith (right), a one-man circus as a Knick and
elsewhere, has benefited from the strong leadership of LeBron James in
Cleveland, says TNT's Marv Albert. Getty ImagesGetty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday

Country Will Mark First Above The Influence Day

BYLINE: Compass Mark

SECTION: E; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 219  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The first National Above the Influence Day, sponsored by the White House Office
of National Drug Control Policy, will be observed Thursday, Oct. 18. The day
will celebrate youths who rise above peers who pressure them to use drugs and
alcohol.

The day is part of National Substance Abuse Prevention Month.

Many youths feel constant pressure to fit in by acting a certain way and
conforming to their peers. Above the Influence Day is about teens staying true
to themselves and not allowing negative influences to affect them. Its goal is
to give teens the tools they need to stand up to negative influences.

The Above the Influence Day campaign is a part of the National Youth Anti-Drug
Media Campaign, a program of the Office of National Drug Control Policy.

On Thursday, teens nationwide will participate in a live streaming panel
discussion about peer pressure led by Gil Kerlikowske, director of the Office of
National Drug Control Policy.

To learn more about Above the Influence Day and to download a tool kit, visit
ATIPartnerships.com.

Compass Mark, 630 Janet Ave., is a nonprofit organization dedicated to reducing
the incidence, prevalence and consequences of the abuse of and addiction to
alcohol and other drugs. For more information, call communications coordinator
Emily Mace at 299-2831 or visit compassmark.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                October 1, 2011

American Nietzsche: A History of an Icon and His Ideas

BYLINE: Scott Duimstra

SECTION: REVIEWS; Arts and Humanities; Pg. 82 Vol. 136 No. 16

LENGTH: 205 words


In Ratner-Rosenhagen's (history, Univ. of Wisconsin-Madison) examination of
Nietzsche's influence on America, it is surprising to read how many scholars,
political activists, ministers, and everyday citizens were influenced by his
ideas. She explains that her book is not about Nietzsche disciples in the United
States but instead about how his philosophy helped challenge and influence the
ideas of a diverse group of Americans. She looks at why each group or individual
was drawn to Nietzsche's attack on universal truths and morality, and how they
used his writings to support and develop their own philosophy, belief system, or
cause. While it's not surprising that he influenced philosophers and literary
critics like Walter Kaufmann and Harold Bloom, the sections on his influence on
figures like Jack London and Huey P. Newton are insightful and intriguing.

VERDICT Ratner-Rosenhagen's skillful combining of historical research and
philosophical analysis in a way that is both accessible and informative makes
this book a pleasure to read. Highly recommended for scholars and general
readers interested in Nietzsche's philosophical legacy or America's intellectual
history.--Scott Duimstra, Capital Area Dist. Lib., Lansing, MI

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2011 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           February 28, 2008 Thursday

Sports Journal

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 848  words


Justice

Cards bail on troubled infielder

IRVINE, Calif. - The St. Louis Cardinals have released utilityman Scott Spiezio,
a move that came after police issued a six-count warrant for his arrest
following a December car crash. Spiezio did not play in Wednesday's exhibition
game against St. Louis University at Jupiter, Fla. The warrant filed Tuesday
alleges driving under influence, driving under the influence with a blood
alcohol content of .08 per cent or more, hit and run, aggravated assault,
assault and battery. The maximum penalty is two years in state prison.

Allegations

Pettitte stays mum on investigation

TAMPA, Fla. - Andy Pettitte stood in the dugout talking with Hall of Famer
Reggie Jackson as the New York Yankees played an intrasquad game Wednesday.
Wearing a bright yellow, short-sleeved shirt, the left-hander was smiling and
laughing. Pettitte, however, remains caught in the dispute between ex-teammate
Roger Clemens and Brian McNamee, the former trainer of the two pitchers. The
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee sent a letter to Attorney
General Michael Mukasey asking the Justice Department to investigate whether
Clemens committed perjury. Among the reasons cited in the letter was testimony
given by Pettitte, who declined comment through the Yankees' public relations
department.

Surgery

Doctors to correct Cub's heart problem

MESA, Ariz. - Cubs second baseman Mark DeRosa will undergo a heart procedure in
Chicago today to correct an irregular heartbeat. Team doctor Stephen Adams said
DeRosa is expected to return to Arizona on Sunday, be back on the field as early
as Monday and ready to play in spring training games by March 8. "Theoretically,
this should take care of the problem," Adams said Wednesday. Alan Kadish, a
cardiovascular electro physiologist at Northwestern Hospital, will perform the
hour-long procedure that Adams described as "simple but very high tech." DeRosa
should return to his Chicago home Thursday night, Adams said. The infielder
experienced an irregular heartbeat Saturday during a workout and spent the night
in a Mesa hospital. He returned to Chicago on Monday and underwent a medical
evaluation Tuesday.

Injury

Elbow strain sidelines KO king

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. - AL strikeout leader Scott Kazmir will be sidelined for at
least two weeks of spring training because of an elbow strain, although the
Tampa Bay left-hander remains confident he'll be ready for opening day. The Rays
said Wednesday that a MRI did not reveal a serious injury, but stressed the club
will not take any unnecessary chances with the 24-year-old's recovery, even if
it means him missing a start or two when the season begins. "The good thing is
we're talking weeks, not months," executive vice president Andrew Friedman said.

Return

Lefty returns after visa problems

FORT MYERS, Fla. - Francisco Liriano arrived at Minnesota Twins spring training
Wednesday after missing the first nine days because of visa problems in his
native Dominican Republic. The pitcher cleared up those issues Monday and hopped
a Tuesday morning flight to the United States. The former all-star is coming off
Tommy John surgery. Liriano strolled into the clubhouse shortly after 8:30 a.m.
Atlantic with a big smile on his face. He was immediately greeted by teammates
eager to see the left-hander who went 12-3 with a 2.16 ERA and 144 strikeouts in
121.0 innings in 2006 before developing arm problems. "We can start now,"
catcher Mike Redmond shouted across the room. "Franchise is here!"

Baseball

Even Wrigley Field isn't sacred

CHICAGO - The chief executive officer of the Tribune Company says he won't
hesitate to sell the naming rights to Wrigley Field - even if baseball purists
don't like the idea. During an interview on CNBC, Sam Zell says despite Wrigley
Field being known worldwide, he didn't get a discount because he wasn't going to
use the naming rights that the field represents. Zell said he plans to sell the
Cubs and Wrigley separately and in his own time frame. He also disclosed that
Major League Baseball has approved "four or six" potential ownership groups and
that any one of them would be fine. The sale of the team has been delayed by
Zell's plan to sell the team and the stadium separately, and to have a state
agency acquire and renovate Wrigley.

Change

Rockies decide against inking Perez

TUCSON, Ariz. - Neifi Perez's homecoming with the Colorado Rockies isn't going
to happen. Perez and the Rockies had agreed to a US$750,000 minor league
contract on Tuesday, a goodwill gesture that manager Clint Hurdle called a
lifeline for one of the more popular players in club history who has hit hard
times of late. But the team later had second thoughts and decided against
bringing him back. "We just didn't feel like it was a good fit," assistant
general manager Bill Geivett said. The first player suspended by baseball for
stimulants since they were banned before the 2006 season, Perez has 18 games
remaining on an 80-game suspension he received last season after testing
positive for a third time. The Rockies hope Perez can find a job with another
team.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           January 9, 2008 Wednesday

Wal-Mart's influence minimized

BYLINE: Vivien Lou Chen and Lauren Coleman-Lochner Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 467 words


Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, has a negligible economic
influence on the small counties where it is located and doesn't destroy local
businesses, according to research by the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.

The bank study of 40 counties in its district between 1986 and 2003 found the
Bentonville, Ark., retailer slightly boosted business growth, employment and
earnings compared with counties without a Wal-Mart, senior economist Terry
Fitzgerald said in a paper released Tuesday.

The findings challenge the conventional view that Wal-Mart has a significant
economic influence on local communities, Fitzgerald said. Almost 90 percent of
the U.S. population lives within 15 miles of a Wal-Mart store, and about five in
six Americans shopped there in 2005, he said.

"The biggest surprise is that Wal-Mart's economic influence is pretty small,
given how rancorous the debate is," Fitzgerald said in a phone interview. "The
success of local communities depends on other factors other than the presence or
non-presence of Wal-Mart."

Personal income growth during the two decades was virtually identical in
counties with or without Wal-Marts, Fitzgerald wrote. Earnings per job also grew
faster from 1985 to 2005 in counties with a Wal-Mart store, he said.

"We cannot say that Wal-Mart is directly responsible for any particular outcome,
positive or negative, in the counties investigated," the economist wrote.
"Proving a causal relationship between Wal-Mart and local economic trends is
rife with complications. Indeed, such complexity is one of the reasons
controversy continues to swirl around the company."

Wal-Mart spokesman John Simley said he hadn't seen the study and couldn't
immediately comment.

Wal-Mart has come under attack for depressing wages, ushering in sprawl and
undercutting local businesses. "There is strong evidence that jobs created by
Wal-Mart in metropolitan areas pay less and are less likely to offer benefits
than those they replace," a study by the UC Berkeley Center for Labor Research
and Education concluded last month.

In urban and suburban areas where Wal-Marts open, and where jobs tend to be
higher-paid, "we found an impact that is quite significant," said Ken Jacobs, a
University of California, Berkeley professor who co-au- thored the December
study.

Eighty-three percent of retail jobs are found in urban and suburban areas,
Jacobs said.

Another study also issued last month by his colleagues at the UC Berkeley Labor
Center concluded that wages in states with 50 or more Wal-Marts were 10 percent
lower and health coverage 5 percentage points lower than in areas without
Wal-Marts.

"It's not a surprise that where you have the strongest opposition to Wal-Mart is
in urban areas," Jacobs said. E-mail: vchen1@bloomberg.net;
llochner@bloomberg.net

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                                   Edition 1

Poet king of pop is back

BYLINE: By Alan Nichol, The Evening Chronicle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 500 words


This year sees the 40th anniversary of one of Bob Dylan's best known songs, All
Along The Watchtower, given classic status by the version recorded by Jimi
Hendrix the following year.

Dylan's biblical references and sense of foreboding made an indelible mark on
the song-writing world.

Mercifully, the great man is still patrolling the watchtower and visits
Newcastle's Metro Radio Arena, next Thursday.

Dylan, born in Duluth, Minnesota, and then named Robert Allen Zimmerman, was an
avid fan of rock `n' roll.

However, one name made a huge impression on the young Bob, Little Richard.

After a spell at university in Minneapolis/St Paul's he joined the Bohemian set
in the Dinkytown area. Next came a pilgrimage to see his key influence then,
Woody Guthrie.

For a while Dylan assumed the Guthrie persona, complete with dress-sense,
harmonica brace and travelling tales.

His subsequent emergence from the dynamic Greenwich Village scene is well
recorded, as is his status as the era's folk-singing voice of protest.

However, despite the influence of his low-selling debut record it was his later
work, Bringing It All Back Home (1964), Highway 61 Revisited (1965) and Blonde
On Blonde (1966) which really changed the way pop music was made.

Since then the enigmatic writer has produced more than 40 albums.

He is, all things considered, without equal in terms of influence and standing
in post-war popular music.

His last record, Modern Times, won him two more Grammy awards and took him to
the top of the US chart at the age of 65, the oldest living recording artist to
do so.

Around the same time as Bob Dylan began, in Beaumont, Texas, the young John
Dawson Winter III was getting to grips with the blues.

By the age of 15 he was getting into his stride with his band, Johnny & the
Jammers, recording School Day Blues for Dart, a small Houston label.

By the time Hendrix was putting his own stamp on that Dylan song, Johnny Winter
had his own trio and was achieving nationwide prominence.

His debut release - which included work by Sonny Boy Williamson and Elmore James
- appeared at the end of 1968 and he was at the Woodstock festival the following
year.

He later toured with one of his heroes, Muddy Waters. He continued to record in
the subsequent years and toured throughout the US with George Thorogood & the
Destroyers.

His latest release is 2004's Grammy-nominated, I'm A Bluesman (Virgin/EMI). It's
a long time since Johnny Winter last toured the UK but you can catch his
singular talent at the Carling Academy, in Westgate Road, Newcastle, on Tuesday,
April 24.

Two local lads and former buddies in the Kingsnakes, Paul Lamb and Johnny
Dickinson, on harmonica and vocals/slide guitar respectively, will open the
show. Ticket info from 0870 771 2000 or online at www.ticketweb.co.uk.

On Tuesday the Trossachs Troubadour, folksinger, Alasdair Roberts, visits The
Sage Gateshead on his UK spring tour. He has also toured recently with the
darling of the Nu-folk movement , Joanna Newsom. Ticket info 0191 443 4661.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

District Court

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; District Court; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 478 words


The following people were found guilty recently in Portland District Court. Only
cases that include a jail sentence or fines of at least $150 are included. The
dates refer to the times of the infractions.

North East Freightways Inc. of Manchester, N.H., violation of hazardous material
regulation, 10/7/06, $250.

Kristopher B. Peabody, 24, of Westbrook, possession of marijuana, 10/10/06,
$350.

Stephen Pisani, 27, of Portland, habitual motor vehicle offender, 8/2/06, $500.

Juan G. Restrepo, 39, of Worcester, Mass., duty status not current, 11/1/06,
$250.

Jesse Talty, 28, of Scarborough, driving while license suspended or revoked,
8/19/06, $500.

Warren Taylor, 18, of Falmouth, driving to endanger, 8/9/06, $575.

Jennifer D. Beaudoin, 20, of Sabattus, driving while license suspended or
revoked, 7/2/06, $500.

Craig A. Beaulieu, 35, of Augusta, operating under the influence, 7/7/06, $700.

Joseph N. Bourque, 76, of Leominster, Mass., operating with false duty record,
11/17/06, $750.

Daysy Castaneda, 42, of Portland, driving without a license, 10/11/06, $150.

Debra M. Creighton, 50, of Falmouth, failure to stop, remain, provide
information, 8/11/06, $250.

Jayson M. DiBiase, 27, of Westbrook, driving while license suspended or revoked,
10/7/06, $500.

Thomas Ellington, 39, of South Portland, operating under the influence,
11/27/06, $700; driving while license suspended or revoked, 11/27/06, $250.

Samantha Forbis, 19, of Portland, unlawful possession of scheduled drug,
7/12/06, $400.

Cherie Ann Haskell, 41, of Sebago, operating under the influence, 8/12/06, $500.

Ryan Holland, 26, of North Sebago, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
11/17/05, $75.63 restitution, $1,000.

Zachary J. Holmes, 22, of Cape Elizabeth, operating under the influence,
10/15/06, three days in jail, license suspended 90 days, $600.

Paul F. Hooper, 25, of Gorham, theft by unauthorized use of property, 7/22/06,
$105 restitution, two days in jail.

Claudia S. Liriano, 24, of Westbrook, driving while license suspended or
revoked, 9/29/06, $250.

Robert MacDonald, 66, of Westbrook, failing to comply with sex offender
registration act, 10/5/06, seven days in jail.

Ricker Hill Orchards Inc. of Turner, unsafe/defective vehicle, 10/5/06, $500.

Eduardo Romeiro, 37, of Quincy, Mass., duty status not current, 10/26/06, $250.

Carolyn M. Roukey, 38, of Westbrook, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer,
7/15/06, seven days in jail.

Smokey's Greater Shows of Bangor, operation by unqualified driver, 6/25/06,
$250.

John Spruce Jr., 46, of Gray, driving while license suspended or revoked,
10/11/06, $500.

David St. Cyr, 51, of Portland, operating under the influence, 8/27/06, 180 days
in jail with all but 10 days suspended, one year probation, license suspended 18
months, $1,000.

Kevin W. Tibbitts, 43, of Windham, no brake action present, 11/1/06, $100; no
proof of periodic inspection, 11/1/06, $100.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 2, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

IDAHO RECORDS;

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 424 words


OUTSTANDING WARRANTS

BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417,
or the Bonner County Communication Center (208) 255-2946.

FELONIES

Jessica N. Bujko -  23, Priest River, failure to appear/possession of a
controlled substance, $30,000 bond.

Gay L. Estep - 36, Hope, failure to appear/insufficient funds check fraud, $500
bond.

Paul D. Goodmundson - 48, Sandpoint, failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $10,300 bond.

Thomas S. Johnson - 52, Hope, grand theft, $50,000 bond.

Joshua L. Wharton - 32, Sandpoint, parole violation/operating a vessel under the
influence of alcohol, $40,000 bond.

MISDEMEANORS

Renae A. Akers -  35, Spokane, failure to comply/frequenting a place where a
controlled substance is used, $88 bond.

Derek E. Anderson - 28, Spokane, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Terry R. Anderson - 47, Portland, failure to appear/driving under the influence,
carrying a concealed weapon without a permit, $2,250 bond.

Alfred D. Andrews - 34, Colburn, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
$219 bond.

Terrance M. Annis -  38, Priest River, failure to appear/providing false
information, possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to use, $1,400 bond.

Paige T. Atwood - 49, Newport, Wash., failure to appear/insufficient funds check
fraud, $500 bond.

Sean A. Aulbach - 39, Sagle, failure to appear/obscene live conduct, driving
under the influence, $2,500 bond.

Steven R. Austin - 44, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving under the influence,
resisting/obstructing officers, $214 bond.

John J. Baidenmann III -  33, Stockton, Calif., failure to appear/driving while
suspended, driving without privileges, $2,300 bond.

Skeeter L. Bastible -  30, Proctor, Mont., failure to appear/insufficient funds
check fraud, $500 bond.

Jolene A. Bearchild - 26, Great Falls, Mont., failure to purchase a driver's
license, $300 bond.

James M. Dodd - 21, Sandpoint, failure to appear/driving without privileges,
reckless driving, $3,000 bond.

Jacob D. Johnson - 18, Priest River, parole violation/malicious injury to
property, $20,000 bond.

Donald J. Mazur II - 51, Sandpoint, failure to appear/forgery, $5,000 bond.

Clifford D. Phelps - 22, Sandpoint, failure to appear/battery, driving under the
influence, $7,000 bond.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             May 25, 2006 Thursday

MTV's best at festival: Eric Jerardi Band perform on Harbor Lights Stage during
lakeside event

BYLINE: Alicia Spates, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 572 words


May 25--DECATUR -- Spectators at the Lakeside Music and Arts Festival will get
to see why the Eric Jerardi Band was named by MTV the Midwest's Best Unsigned
College Band in 1991.

The band will be performing at the Lakeside Music and Arts Festival with several
performances starting at 6:30 p.m. Sunday, May 28, at the Harbor Lights Stage.

Eric Jerardi, guitarist, said, "The band's never been better."

After 15 years, the band is still producing well-received music and selling out
concerts, and has developed a personal style and large fan base, Jerardi said in
a phone interview.

He described the band's music as something similar to blues rock, but, he said,
"I think it's a little bit more developed than that."

"They're a Texas blues band," Lakeside producer Brian Byers said. "If you like
the early ZZ Top sound -- before they sold out -- you'll love this."

Dayton, Ohio, native Jerardi began his musical career playing the piano as a
child. Even though he was referred to as a "child prodigy," he didn't care for
playing the piano and began playing the guitar in high school. He formed a band
in college, at which point he received the title from MTV.

"From that point on, I just kept playing. It never ends for me," said Jerardi of
touring.

His musical influences include B.B. King, Robin Trower, Led Zeppelin, Black
Sabbath and Stevie Ray Vaughan. He also credited Jimi Hendrix as an influence,
after finding out he influenced Vaughan.

"It's funny how the people who influenced them become your influences too," he
said.

His latest and third studio album, "Virtual Virtue," was described on his Web
site as a "breakthrough album" with emotional hits like, "Tomorrow," "Pain" and
"Tortured Soul."

Pianist and keyboardist Chuck Leavell appeared on the album as a special guest.
Leavell has played for The Rolling Stones and Eric Clapton

"I want another good name music celebrity like Leavell on this next CD," said
Jerardi, who is currently working on his next CD, scheduled to release sometime
this year.

"I have big plans for this next CD. I want this next record to be better than
the last."

The guitar-driven and passionate performer has another passion -- wine.

Jerardi, who said he is well-educated on fine wine, was recently the host for
the first DVD series titled "Get Real Wine Series." The first show, which was
released last fall, is of the 2005 Napa and Sonoma Harvest and shows how wine is
made.

Jerardi said he believes wine is like music because people make an effort to
produce them both. He added that he likes wine made by hand (or feet), rather
than made in a factory.

Traveling with a wine cellar on his tour bus, Jerardi said his performance will
be "in your face, high energy" with unexpected surprises.

He didn't want to reveal his "unexpected surprises," so instead, responded with
a laugh, saying, "I'm such a character."

WHAT: The Eric Jerardi Band

WHEN: 6:30 p.m., 7:30 p.m., 8:30 p.m., 9:30 p.m., Sunday, May 28

WHERE: Harbor Lights Stage of the Lakeside Music and Arts Festival, Lake Decatur

ON THE WEB: www.ericjerardi.com and www.getrealwine.com

Alicia Spates can be reached at aspates@herald-review.com or 421-6986. Tim Cain
contributed to this story.

Copyright (c) 2006, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20060525-HV-0525-MTV-s-best-at-festival-Eric-Jerardi-Band-perform-on-Harbor-Ligh
ts-Stage-during-lakeside-event

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2006 Herald & Review


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   November 11, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Maverick Lastman to guide megacity

BYLINE: JOAN WALTERS, SOUTHAM NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Toronto Mayor Mel Lastman moves significantly up the North American political
pecking order following his electoral victory Monday and the new megacity gains
long-awaited influence and clout.

"I'm going to be your worst nightmare," the flamboyant veteran politician told
Ontario cabinet minister David Johnson during an interlude on TV, noting he will
now speak with authority on behalf of 2.4 million residents.

Lastman, the 65-year-old former mayor of the suburban city of North York,
defeated lawyer-activist Barbara Hall, the mayor of Toronto for the last three
years. Both their cities were merged, along with four other municipalities, into
the amalgamated super-city that becomes a reality on Jan. 1.

Lastman is a recognized maverick, an old-style politician who has guided the
thriving suburb for more than 25 years. Supporters identify his ability to fight
for his constituency, and his ability to use power, as something he will put to
good use in coming years.

"In economic and political influence, the city now moves considerably above the
salt," says Patrick Lavelle, chairman of the Business Development Bank of
Canada, "and gains unprecedented influence."

Perhaps enough influence to produce the kind of federal concessions familiar to
big city U.S. mayors, including Richard Daley of Chicago and New York's Rudolph
Giuliani, who have had a voice at their federal table for years.

Toronto, with 57 elected members, now has the biggest city council in North
America, and a government larger than some provinces', strong positioning for
economic and social deal-making with Ottawa and Queen's Park.

"Using that power outside the municipal confines of the city is exclusively up
to the mayor," says Lavelle, a deputy in the administration of former Ontario
premier David Peterson.

Clear priorities for the city are fair shares of federal-provincial funding and
more direct say in a range of issues -- crime, refugee resettlement and national
unity. Liaison with other Canadian mayors, notably Vancouver and Montreal, will
be increasingly important

"Senior levels of government will ignore Toronto and sister cities at their
peril," says Liberal Senator Keith Davey, who believes full-fledged party
politics will quickly become part of the megacity council scene.

"I have been telling my own party for years that the new power of the municipal
politician cannot be ignored, so let's tap into it."

Only a handful of Ontario government ministries, for example, have operating
budgets larger than Toronto's $ 6.5 billion anticipated spending. The city's
population of 2.4 million is greater than all the Atlantic provinces combined.

The momentum of the city will unquestionably propel its mayor. After close to a
decade of economic downturn, the city is economically alive.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: (Mel) Lastman

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 19, 2008 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

THROWN FOR A CURVE. Joba busted for driving under the influence in Neb.

BYLINE: BY DORIAN BLOCK DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 353 words


YANKEES PITCHER Joba Chamberlain was arrested early yesterday morning in
Nebraska for driving under the influence of alcohol, the state patrol said.

The 23-year-old starter - with a wholesome reputation - was driving southbound
on Highway 77 in Lincoln, Neb., his hometown, at 1 a.m. when a trooper pulled
over his dark-colored 2006 BMW for speeding, said Deb Collins, a spokeswoman for
the Nebraska State Patrol.

The trooper detected the smell of alcohol on the Yankee's breath and saw an open
container of alcohol on the front passenger's seat. Chamberlain was given a
preliminary Breathalyzer test on the scene and was then taken to the Cornhusker
Place, an emergency detox center in Lincoln, where the area's drunken drivers
spend the night.

He was given another Breathalyzer test there, but the results were unavailable
last night, Collins said.

Chamberlain was "lodged" on charges of driving while under the influence, having
an open container in his car and speeding. He will most likely be arraigned
tomorrow, Collins said.

Reached on his cell phone last night, Harlan Chamberlain, Joba's father and
highly visible fan, said he had no comment.

A Yankees spokesman also said the team had no comment.

The season ended last month for Chamberlain and the Yankees, as the team failed
to make the postseason for the first time in 13 years.

Chamberlain was called up to the Yankees in August 2007 after moving briskly
through the Yankees farm system. He began the 2008 season in the bullpen but the
Yanks were forced to move him to the starting rotation due to several injuries
and underperformances.

His debut in June as a starting pitcher was an emotional one, with his partially
paralyzed father flying to New York to watch his son play.

Chamberlain was sidelined throughout August with rotator cuff tendinitis. He was
brought back to the bullpen in September to help the Yankees regain ground in
the pennant race. He appeared in 42 games this season, ending with a 4-3 record
and a 2.60 ERA.

Yankees co-chairman Hank Steinbrenner announced last week Chamberlain will begin
the 2009 season as a starter.

dblock@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joba Chamberlain was arrested for driving under the influence in
Lincoln, Neb. Photo by Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

LENGTH: 614 words


NFL DOCTOR CLAIMS HE WASN'T CONTACTED DURING CONCUSSION STUDY: The co-chairman
of the NFL's head, neck and spine committee has sent a letter to Congress
stressing that he was not contacted during a government study on the link
between football and brain disease.

That study concluded that NFL officials improperly sought to influence the
findings.

Dr. Richard Ellenbogen wrote to New Jersey Rep. Frank Pallone to note that
claims he and others tried to influence a National Institutes of Health grant
selection are inaccurate. Ellenbogen called not being interviewed a "basic lack
of fairness" and a "maligning without so much as the courtesy of a direct
question to me by your staff."

ATLANTA, MIAMI, LOS ANGELES AWARDED SUPER BOWLS BY NFL: The NFL awarded Super
Bowls to Atlanta, Miami and Los Angeles, three cities that made significant
financial investments in new stadiums or recently upgraded an existing one.

Atlanta will host the game in 2019, followed by Miami (2020) and Los Angeles
(2021), it was announced Tuesday at the NFL owners meetings.

Atlanta will host its third Super Bowl, but the first at its new $1.4 billion
stadium which opens in 2017. The previous two were at the Georgia Dome.

Miami will have its record-setting 11th Super Bowl following a $450 million
stadium renovation.

Los Angeles, which gets the relocated Rams this season, has not hosted a Super
Bowl in the area since 1993 in the Rose Bowl in Pasadena. The game will be
played at the new $2.6 billion stadium in Inglewood, California, which opens in
2019.

SANCHEZ SURPRISE PARTICIPANT AT BRONCOS OTAS: Mark Sanchez wasn't about to let a
weight room mishap keep him from running the Denver Broncos' offense when the
Super Bowl champs began OTAs.

Sanchez donned a black wrap on his surgically repaired left thumb and got in
plenty of work Tuesday, defying the odds and enjoying some cachet among his
teammates.

Sanchez tore a thumb ligament on his non-throwing hand on May 13 and underwent
surgery 48 hours later. He was originally expected to miss the start of
organized team activities this week, which might have stalled his quest to win
the starting job ahead of first-round draft pick Paxton Lynch and second-year
pro Trevor Siemian.

NYQUIST PULLED FROM BELMONT STAKES DUE TO SICKNESS: The trainer of Nyquist says
the Kentucky Derby winner is sick and won't run in the Belmont Stakes on June
11. Doug O'Neill said Tuesday that Nyquist is "out because of sickness."

Nyquist's bid for a chance at the Triple Crown ended when he finished third
behind Exaggerator in the Preakness at Pimlico Race Course on Saturday.
O'Neill's assistant Jack Sisterson said from Baltimore that the colt's blood
work came back and showed an elevated white blood cell count.

NCAA BASKETBALL CHAMPIONS VISIT WHITE HOUSE: Beat the buzzer, visit the White
House.

White House officials said Tuesday that the Villanova men's basketball team will
visit with President Barack Obama next week. The visit comes nearly two months
after Villanova won its first title since 1985, on a buzzer beater from Kris
Jenkins against North Carolina.

CRAIG SAGER TO RECEIVE JIMMY V PERSEVERANCE AWARD AT ESPYS: Craig Sager keeps a
copy of Jim Valvano's 1993 ESPYS speech on his phone. He would play it back
sometimes during those long days in the hospital receiving treatment for
leukemia. This summer, Sager will receive the Jimmy V Perseverance Award as ESPN
honors the TNT sideline reporter.

"It just shows it's not about me; it's about something bigger than me," Sager
told The Associated Press on Tuesday about ESPN recognizing a commentator from
another network.

"What I represent is somebody who, like Jimmy V said, 'Don't give up. Don't ever
give up.' "

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Italy showcases Matisse's Oriental influences

BYLINE: Agence France-Presse in Rome

LENGTH: 548  words


The influence of Arab, African and Asian art on Henri Matisse is the theme of a
major collection of the French artist's work that has gone on show in Rome.

The exhibition, Matisse Arabesque, runs until June 21 at the Scuderie del
Quirinale - the former stables of Italy's presidential palace, which have been
transformed into a museum that boasts spectacular views over the Eternal City.

Curator Ester Coen has set out to demonstrate how Matisse's enduring fascination
with what he would have referred to as the Orient influenced the work of an
artist who is considered one of the fathers of modern art.

Visitors look at a painting by French artist Henri Matisse during a media
preview of the exhibition Matisse Arabesque at the Scuderie del Quirinale museum
in Rome. Agence France-Presse

In particular, a love of arabesque - designs based on the intertwined, flowing
lines of early Islamic art - had a huge influence on how Matisse (1869-1954)
came to think about perspective and space in his painting.

Late in his life, the Frenchman came to believe his education had involved a
gradual realization that he had to "forget the technique of the masters or
rather to understand it in a completely personal way".

"Next came the knowledge and influence of the arts of the Orient," he said.

Matisse also once said that modern art, "in its very essence is closer to
archaic and primitive arts than to the arts of the Renaissance".

Those ideas form the basis for the exhibition. And Coen illustrates the point by
accompanying Matisse's paintings with examples of the kind of decorative arts
from which the artist took inspiration, among them Moorish tiles, African masks,
shields and wood carvings, and textiles from places as far afield as Uzbekistan
and Japan.

The exhibition also underlines the huge impact that the time Matisse spent in
Morocco in 1911-12 had on his subsequent career.

Works such as Zorah on the Terrace - one of a number on loan from Moscow's
Pushkin museum - and Moroccan Garden (from New York's MoMA) illustrate some of
the motifs and techniques that were to recur in his work for decades.

The Pushkin has also provided Goldfish, arguably the best known of the paintings
on display in Rome.

Art historians believe that masterpiece was less obviously inspired by the time
Matisse spent in Tangiers, where he registered his admiration for the locals'
capacity to spent hours gazing into goldfish bowls in quiet contemplation.

The Moorish Screen, from the Philadelphia Museum of Art, provides the most
obvious demonstration of Matisse's admiration of the decorative traditions of
North Africa and the Middle East, and his willingness to incorporate them into
contemporary scenes - enhancing a magical quality to his work at the expense of
realism.

The collection of more than 100 works was put together in collaboration with
some of the world's leading museums: The Tate in London, New York's Met and the
Pompidou Center in Paris, as well as the Pushkin, the Hermitage in St.
Petersburg and MoMA.

"There are some exceptional paintings here and it was very difficult to get them
released," says Coen. "That makes it all the more important to have this
opportunity to breath the air of the Orient and to appreciate the Islamic art
that Matisse brought to Paris."

(China Daily 03/17/2015 page21)

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Italy showcases Matisse's Oriental influences

LENGTH: 548  words


The influence of Arab, African and Asian art on Henri Matisse is the theme of a
major collection of the French artist's work that has gone on show in Rome.

The exhibition, Matisse Arabesque, runs until June 21 at the Scuderie del
Quirinale - the former stables of Italy's presidential palace, which have been
transformed into a museum that boasts spectacular views over the Eternal City.

Curator Ester Coen has set out to demonstrate how Matisse's enduring fascination
with what he would have referred to as the Orient influenced the work of an
artist who is considered one of the fathers of modern art.

Visitors look at a painting by French artist Henri Matisse during a media
preview of the exhibition Matisse Arabesque at the Scuderie del Quirinale museum
in Rome. Agence France-Presse

In particular, a love of arabesque - designs based on the intertwined, flowing
lines of early Islamic art - had a huge influence on how Matisse (1869-1954)
came to think about perspective and space in his painting.

Late in his life, the Frenchman came to believe his education had involved a
gradual realization that he had to "forget the technique of the masters or
rather to understand it in a completely personal way".

"Next came the knowledge and influence of the arts of the Orient," he said.

Matisse also once said that modern art, "in its very essence is closer to
archaic and primitive arts than to the arts of the Renaissance".

Those ideas form the basis for the exhibition. And Coen illustrates the point by
accompanying Matisse's paintings with examples of the kind of decorative arts
from which the artist took inspiration, among them Moorish tiles, African masks,
shields and wood carvings, and textiles from places as far afield as Uzbekistan
and Japan.

The exhibition also underlines the huge impact that the time Matisse spent in
Morocco in 1911-12 had on his subsequent career.

Works such as Zorah on the Terrace - one of a number on loan from Moscow's
Pushkin museum - and Moroccan Garden (from New York's MoMA) illustrate some of
the motifs and techniques that were to recur in his work for decades.

The Pushkin has also provided Goldfish, arguably the best known of the paintings
on display in Rome.

Art historians believe that masterpiece was less obviously inspired by the time
Matisse spent in Tangiers, where he registered his admiration for the locals'
capacity to spent hours gazing into goldfish bowls in quiet contemplation.

The Moorish Screen, from the Philadelphia Museum of Art, provides the most
obvious demonstration of Matisse's admiration of the decorative traditions of
North Africa and the Middle East, and his willingness to incorporate them into
contemporary scenes - enhancing a magical quality to his work at the expense of
realism.

The collection of more than 100 works was put together in collaboration with
some of the world's leading museums: The Tate in London, New York's Met and the
Pompidou Center in Paris, as well as the Pushkin, the Hermitage in St.
Petersburg and MoMA.

"There are some exceptional paintings here and it was very difficult to get them
released," says Coen. "That makes it all the more important to have this
opportunity to breath the air of the Orient and to appreciate the Islamic art
that Matisse brought to Paris."

(China Daily USA03/17/2015 page9)

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

GROUP'S FILING TARGETS DUKE

BYLINE: IVAN PENN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 731 words



HIGHLIGHT: The utility wrongfully charges for plants despite large reserves, the
complaint says.


North Carolina utility watchdog group NC WARN filed a complaint Tuesday with
federal regulators alleging that Duke Energy wrongfully charges its customers
for new power plants while operating with exorbitant reserves.

The 19-page complaint highlights Duke's Florida operations as one of the
utility's prime examples of large reserves.

The Tampa Bay Times reported in July that Duke Energy Florida listed its
anticipated reserves for this month at 38 percent of its full potential
generation - 18 percent above state requirements and 23 percent above standards
in almost all other areas of the country.

Meanwhile, Duke and Florida's other investor owned utilities requested - and
state regulators granted - the gutting of energy efficiency goals. The utilities
also won approval to end solar rebate programs.

At the same time, state regulators gave Duke approval to build a $1.5 billion
natural gas plant in Crystal River.

"Duke Energy manipulates the electricity market by constructing costly and
unneeded generation facilities, directly leading to generating capacity far
above what is reasonable or necessary to meet demand," NC WARN, an environmental
organization, wrote in its complaint.

Jim Warren, NC WARN's executive director, said part of the problem stems from
the utilities' "undue influence" over state regulators through campaign
contributions to elected officials and other pressures. He said that influence
has left "a bruise on the democratic process in a lot of ways."

"We're talking about a whole range of years-long influence," Warren said. "It
happens under Democratic and Republican administrations. Huge amounts of
campaign money and lobbying prowess. There's a whole range of activities that
are central to the business model of entities like Duke Energy."

In response to NC WARN's complaint, Dave Scanzoni, a Duke spokesman, said in a
statement that the utility has built new plants in recent years after closing 35
coal-fired units since 2011. Scanzoni said Duke has built plants to ensure that
its customers have power even during the most severe winter and summer weather
patterns.

"Unlike NC WARN, Duke Energy takes seriously its responsibility to provide
reliable, dependable electricity to its customers - 24/7, 365 days a year,"
Scanzoni said.

"The North Carolina Utilities Commission has repeatedly rejected NC WARN's
similar arguments in the past," he added. "In addition, the North Carolina
Public Staff - which represents customers and the public - has repeatedly
supported, as reasonable, Duke Energy's investment in power plants and
electricity reserves to meet customer needs at all times."

Duke, based in Charlotte, N.C., merged with Progress Energy, which was based in
Raleigh, N.C., in July 2012, forming the largest utility in the country with 7.1
million customers in six states.

NC WARN argues that instead of finding ways to reduce the energy needs of its
customer base, Duke and other utilities keep getting bigger, building more
plants and growing reserves.

"The excess capacity throughout the Southeast region can and should be used
among the various utilities to supplement each other's generation requirements,
rather than to duplicate the waste of unneeded or under-utilized generation," NC
WARN stated.

Florida is particularly flush in excess capacity, even with the minimum
requirement of 20 percent reserve. Most areas of the country require just a 15
percent reserve. At that level, Florida could power an additional million homes.

Duke, Tampa Electric and Florida Power & Light all reported to the state reserve
margins for this year in excess of 20 percent.

NC WARN requested that regulators at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
investigate Duke's operations and explore the potential benefits of the utility
entering into a "regional transmission organization." NC WARN also has requested
FERC hold hearings.

RTO systems require utilities to make their transmission lines available to
power producers without discrimination, allowing customers greater choice about
who provides their electricity.

Such a system would in effect create competition for Duke and other
investor-owned utilities.

NC WARN also wants federal regulators to emphasize the use of rooftop solar as
an alternative to building more big box power plants along with the regional
cooperation.

Contact Ivan Penn at ipenn@tampabay.com or (727) 892-2332. Follow
@Consumers_Edge.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Oklahoma State football: Turmoil at Texas Tech does little to influence Cowboys'
offensive game plan

BYLINE: By Kyle Fredrickson Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 520 words


STILLWATER - Two weeks after coach Kliff Kingsbury signed a multi-million dollar
contract extension through 2020, Texas Tech's performance was hardly worth the
price of admission.The Red Raiders were blown out by Arkansas at home, 49-28,
allowing a staggering 438 yards rushing and seven touchdowns on the ground. Two
days later, it was reported defensive coordinator Matt Wallerstedt had been
fired for reportedly being "under the influence of an unknown substance" at a
campus football building.Tough luck in Lubbock. Good timing for Oklahoma
State.But don't go assuming the Cowboys will just run down the throat of the Red
Raiders for an easy victory. OSU coach Mike Gundy was asked Thursday if the
Razorbacks' success running the ball will influence his game plan."Not really
any, because Arkansas (runs) a completely different system than what we have,"
Gundy said.

"That's kind of a broad answer for a lot of people â?¦ but Arkansas is going to
play with two tight ends and a fullback. I'm going to guess they practice those
plays a lot. So it's a different scheme for us than what Arkansas plays with on
a week-to-week basis."But it's more than just scheme. It's personnel, too.The
Arkansas offensive line starts two seniors and averages more than 320 pounds per
position. The Cowboys' unit? It has three first-time starters - center Paul
Lewis, right guard Zac Veach and right tackle Zach Crabrtee - none of whom weigh
more than 300 pounds.And Gundy has been very critical of the unit over the past
two weeks."(The OSU offensive line is) getting a little better," Gundy said
Thursday. "It's just going to take a while for them to get to where the lines
that we've played here in the last three or four years. They're not anywhere
near being in the same capacity that those lines were."But what about the
defensive coordinator change? Mike Smith, Wallerstedt's interim replacement, is
only two years removed from being an intern with the New York Jets. Now, he's in
charge of a Tech defense in shambles.According to OSU fullback Jeremy Seaton, it
hardly makes any difference."There's no way they can just change their defense
around that drastically in the amount of time that they have," Seaton said. "So
that's not something we're worried about. It's going to be the same players on
the field doing basically the same coverage that they already were. We have go
out and execute our assignments."Gundy agreed, saying that without game film of
Smith's playcalling tendencies, there are no pregame adjustments to be made. OSU
will go off the game film available, and if necessary, change its plan in the
first quarter if Tech alters its scheme.One last note on Arkansas' success
against the Red Raiders? The Razorbacks dominated time of possession and had the
ball more than 13 minutes in the third quarter.With two up-tempo offenses
squaring off Thursday, it's unlikely the Cowboys will simulate that time of
possession margin. But it doesn't mean offensive coordinator Mike Yurcich
wouldn't take it."Heck, if we could have the ball 13 minutes in the third
quarter, I'll take it," Yurcich said. "Sounds good to me."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday

Oklahoma State football: Turmoil at Texas Tech does little to influence Cowboys'
offensive game plan

BYLINE: By Kyle Fredrickson, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 520 words


STILLWATER - Two weeks after coach Kliff Kingsbury signed a multi-million dollar
contract extension through 2020, Texas Tech's performance was hardly worth the
price of admission.The Red Raiders were blown out by Arkansas at home, 49-28,
allowing a staggering 438 yards rushing and seven touchdowns on the ground. Two
days later, it was reported defensive coordinator Matt Wallerstedt had been
fired for reportedly being "under the influence of an unknown substance" at a
campus football building.Tough luck in Lubbock. Good timing for Oklahoma
State.But don't go assuming the Cowboys will just run down the throat of the Red
Raiders for an easy victory. OSU coach Mike Gundy was asked Thursday if the
Razorbacks' success running the ball will influence his game plan."Not really
any, because Arkansas (runs) a completely different system than what we have,"
Gundy said.

"That's kind of a broad answer for a lot of people â?¦ but Arkansas is going to
play with two tight ends and a fullback. I'm going to guess they practice those
plays a lot. So it's a different scheme for us than what Arkansas plays with on
a week-to-week basis."But it's more than just scheme. It's personnel, too.The
Arkansas offensive line starts two seniors and averages more than 320 pounds per
position. The Cowboys' unit? It has three first-time starters - center Paul
Lewis, right guard Zac Veach and right tackle Zach Crabrtee - none of whom weigh
more than 300 pounds.And Gundy has been very critical of the unit over the past
two weeks."(The OSU offensive line is) getting a little better," Gundy said
Thursday. "It's just going to take a while for them to get to where the lines
that we've played here in the last three or four years. They're not anywhere
near being in the same capacity that those lines were."But what about the
defensive coordinator change? Mike Smith, Wallerstedt's interim replacement, is
only two years removed from being an intern with the New York Jets. Now, he's in
charge of a Tech defense in shambles.According to OSU fullback Jeremy Seaton, it
hardly makes any difference."There's no way they can just change their defense
around that drastically in the amount of time that they have," Seaton said. "So
that's not something we're worried about. It's going to be the same players on
the field doing basically the same coverage that they already were. We have go
out and execute our assignments."Gundy agreed, saying that without game film of
Smith's playcalling tendencies, there are no pregame adjustments to be made. OSU
will go off the game film available, and if necessary, change its plan in the
first quarter if Tech alters its scheme.One last note on Arkansas' success
against the Red Raiders? The Razorbacks dominated time of possession and had the
ball more than 13 minutes in the third quarter.With two up-tempo offenses
squaring off Thursday, it's unlikely the Cowboys will simulate that time of
possession margin. But it doesn't mean offensive coordinator Mike Yurcich
wouldn't take it."Heck, if we could have the ball 13 minutes in the third
quarter, I'll take it," Yurcich said. "Sounds good to me."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 583 words


NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Robert Burton

Richard J. L. Hepler, 39, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $500 fine,
180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 32 hours county work program, 12 days
unscheduled jail time, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

Judge Scot Nass

Tyroc C. Vineyard, 46, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $682 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days suspended, five days credited), 90 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Nathan D. Hester, 30, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $682 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (171 days suspended), 194 days driver's license
suspension, one year probation.

Brandy L. Ware, 39, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $682 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (173 days suspended, seven days credited), 260 days
driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Paul S. West, 46, Worley; disturbing the peace; $200 fine, six days in jail
(credited).

Nickalas W. W. Klaes, 39, Spokane Valley; use or possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use; $500 fine ($250 suspended), 90 days in jail
(85 days suspended), one year probation.

Kennard P. Supak Jr., 21, Spokane Valley; frequenting a place where a controlled
substance is used, etc.; $300 fine, 20 days in jail (credited).

Judge Barry Watson

Thomas S. Alfrey Jr., 27, Lapwai, Idaho; misdemeanor probation violation; 180
days in jail (62 days credited) or proof of completion of evaluation and
treatment.

Holly J. Stiles, 35, Athol; resisting/obstructing officers; $500 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, two years probation.

Civil complaints

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Wilhelm Lueker, seeking $5,370.

Citibank v. Mitzi Michaud, seeking $7,545.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lisa and Marvin Jasmin, seeking $1,662.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Cynthia Primrose Johnson and Patrick Johnson,
seeking $2,901.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Geoffery Edmondson, seeking $3,434.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Lyndsi and Joshua Baldwin, seeking $1,404.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Valinda and Shawn Scarborough, seeking
$1,110.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Bradley and Willie Gilmore, seeking $4,387.

North Idaho Credit Corp v. Chris Walcott and Katherine Walcott, seeking $4,506.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Rachel Smith, seeking $1,310.

Civil judgments

Capital One Bank v. Frederick Leclair, plaintiff awarded $1,179.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Scott Hopp Sr., plaintiff awarded $2,017.

Midland Funding LLC v. Jason Quigley, plaintiff awarded $4,000.

Portfolio Recovery Associates and GE Capital Retail Bank/JC Penney v. Audrey
Lewis, plaintiff awarded $1,822.

Capital One Bank v. Benjamin Leavitt, plaintiff awarded $1,520.

National Collegiate Student Loan Trust v. Nicole Stufflebeam and Eric
Stufflebeam, plaintiff awarded $3,129.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Robert Amos and Zara Amos, plaintiff awarded
$416,220.

Civil dismissals

Velocity Investments LLC v. John McGavick.

Black Rock Homeowners Association Inc. v. Lautrec LLC.

Mountain West Bank v. Brian Morrill and Rachel Morrill.

Divorces sought

Whitney M. Ryser from Brandon L. Ryser.

Divorces granted

Nanette M. Adams from Ralph T. Adams.

James R. Rouse from Angela S. Rouse.

Carly M. McPeak from Robert H. McPeak.

Mark A. Hamlin from Pamela D. Hamlin.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Legislation tries to bar foreign influence

BYLINE: Stephen Largen, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 654 words


Feb. 04--Legislation recently introduced in both houses of the S.C. General
Assembly by a pair of Upstate legislators seeks to bar international law from
being applied in state courts, making the Palmetto State one of a half dozen
states considering similar bills.

Critics of the bills in South Carolina and other states have assailed the
legislation as thinly veiled attacks on Muslims, describing the bills as careful
re-wordings of an amendment to Oklahoma's constitution barring state judges from
considering Islamic law.

That amendment passed overwhelmingly in November, but a federal judge has since
issued an injunction temporarily blocking it from going into effect.

The sponsor of the Senate version of South Carolina's bill, Sen. Mike Fair,
R-Greenville, said Thursday that while he is not aware of any cases of foreign
law being used in a South Carolina court, his bill is nonetheless necessary in
order to prevent any potential future application of foreign law.

"It's an effort to try to get ahead of the curve of what's going on in other
states," he said.

"There are many cases of family court circumstances when a particular religion
would give primacy more to a man rather than to a woman. America is a government
of laws, and the mandate is to submit to the governing authority."

Alluding to the controversy over the Oklahoma constitutional amendment that
specifically barred the application of Sharia law -- the code of law derived
from the Koran -- Fair said his bill cannot be interpreted as targeting one
group or religion.

"There's no victim in singling out any one (religion) when you can write it in
bland kind of circumstances," he said.

Several area legislators have signed on as co-sponsors to the bills, including
Sen. Lee Bright, R-Roebuck, and Republican Reps. Rita Allison and Bill Chumley.

Ibrahim Hooper, a national spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic
Relations, said the South Carolina bills and others in Alaska, Arkansas,
Indiana, Nebraska and Wyoming are targeting Muslims even though the bills do not
specifically reference Islamic law.

"It's all with a wink and a nod," Hooper said.

"We all know what it's about. What we're seeing nationwide is an effort to
stigmatize Muslims with the use of these bills."

Hooper said some of the bills "seem meaningless" because of "watered-down
language."

Nonetheless, his group plans to mount legal challenges to the bills should they
advance, he said.

Josie Brown, an assistant professor at the University of South Carolina School
of Law, said U.S. courts already cannot apply religious law.

"It is already true as a matter of U.S. Supreme Court precedent that our courts
cannot rule on cases that turn on the resolution of religious doctrinal
disputes," she said.

"I am not sure what specific problems regarding the actual or imminent
invocation of religious or foreign law the legislation seeks to address."

Brown said the S.C. bills could pose a problem for courts attempting to
interpret business contracts.

"Foreign law can be incorporated in contract clauses between American and
foreign business partners, and the implicit preclusion of the enforcement of
such clauses might raise a number of practical and legal difficulties," she
said.

Both bills have been referred to their respective judiciary committees.

House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Harrison, R-Columbia, said that while
he "can't imagine that our courts consider foreign law anyway," the bill will be
debated in committee if Greenville Rep. Wendy Nanney, the Republican who
introduced it and a member of the committee, pushes it.

To see more of The Spartanburg Herald-Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.goupstate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg,
S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110204-SG-Legislation-tries-to-bar-foreign-influence-20110204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2011 Herald-Journal


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

Crime Watch for 05/05/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1492 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Benjamin M. Rouco, 1182 Wyndham Drive; criminal trespass/enter structure,
criminal trespass/fenced or enclosed; waived to court.

John S. Christensen, Laurel Hall, York College; driving under the influence:
minors, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of driving
safely, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, obedience to traffic
control devices, alcohol by minor; waived to court.

Glenn E. Jenkins, 3901 Cranston Ave., Baltimore, Md.; criminal
conspiracy/forgery, forgery/unauthorized act in writing, theft by deception,
receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Lamar Bellamy, 2660 Stevenson Drive; criminal mischief, harassment; pleaded
guilty, served time.

Angela McAfee, 1059 Roosevelt Ave.; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

James Murphy, 3 Sigsbee Ave.; harassment; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Christopher Linder mann, 3075 Emig Mill Road, Dover; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Raphael Diaz, 430 N. George St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Joseph Moussa, 3727 Wheatland Drive, Dover; tax violation; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Philip McDowell, 200 S. Yale St.; snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Joseph Brizuela, 64 Jensen St., East Brunswick, N.J.; disorderly conduct; found
guilty, paid fine and costs.

William Cloyd, Queensgate Dental, 2081 Springwood Road; mercantile business tax
violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Lori Markle, 216 Glen Ave., Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Erick Markle, 216 Glen Ave., Glen Rock; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Kimberly Hamaker, 1975 Wyatt Circle, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Earl Hamaker, 1975 Wyatt Circle, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Jason Kline, 197 E. Telegraph Road, Airville; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

James Shaffer, 1700 Orange St.; snow and ice removal; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Kerry Beaverson, 969 S. Royal St.; public drunkenness, disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, served time.

Timothy Hertzog Sr., 138 E. Liberty Drive, Lancaster; bad check; pleaded guilty,
paid fine, costs and restitution.

David Vandekieft, 7390 Woodbine Road, Airville; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Lisa Lockard, 107 E. Broadway, Red Lion; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Larry Augustus, 307 S. Queen St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, sentenced
to time in jail.

Teresa Hollenbaugh, 4035 Fox Run Road, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Raymond Murphy Jr., 12951 Stamper Road, Brogue; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Chantelle Keating, 5167 Lehman Road, Spring Grove; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Allison Moore, 406 North St., McSherrystown; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Metro Sopp III, 147 E. 7th Ave., second floor; harassment; found guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Kristin Rajotte, 10575 Spring Road, Red Lion; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Anthony Spinelli, 3191 Spinelli Lane, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Donna Spinelli, 3191 Spinelli Lane, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Tony Testerman, 279 Middle River Road, Brogue; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Robert Houser-Bogue, 101 Quail Run Drive, Centreville, Md.; disorderly conduct;
found guilty, paid fine and costs.

Michaelean Crimmins, 107 N. 7th St., Wrightsville; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Terrance White, 834 W. Poplar St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Lisa Walker, 2416 Northland Ave.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Susanna Hericz Hagan, 15 Park St., Seven Valleys; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Shane Faust, 105 S. Richland Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and costs.

Robena Spangler, 2350 Magnolia Terrace, Harrisburg; snow and ice removal;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Rosa Marrero, 718 W. Locust St.; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Eliezer Garcia, 659 W. Clarke Ave.; public drunkenness; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.
---
District Judge Scott J. Gross' office covers Fairview, Newberry and Conewago
townships, Goldsboro, Lewis berry and York Haven.
DISPOSITIONS
Robert Dujuan Dixon, Harrisburg; intent to possess substance by person not
registered, fleeing or attempt to elude officer; waived to court.

Michael Frank Neail, Chambersburg; retail theft, conspire to commit retail
theft; waived to court.

Angel Luis Gonzalez, York; conspire to receive stolen property; held for court.

Leonardo Ruiz, York; conspire to receive stolen property; held for court.

Billie Lynn Summerville, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jared R. Rohrbaugh, Manchester; burglary; waived to court.

Michael McKinley, Mount Wolf; burglary; waived to court.

Derek Holley, Etters; marijuana-small amount for personal use, driving under the
influence; held for court.

Steven Franklin Thomas, Manchester; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
held for court.

Tyler Kendall, New Cumberland; intent to possess controlled substance by person
not registered; waived to court.

Floyd K. White IV, Manchester; use/possession of drug paraphernalia; waived to
court.

Curt D. Steck, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Brian Boyce Jr., York; harassment-communication repeatedly in another manner;
waived to court.

Michael John Wolf, Etters; driving under the influence; held for court.

Mark Bogart, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Jack Douglas Shanks, Etters; driving under the influence; waived to court.

David Lopez, Harrisburg; driving under the influence, driving without a license;
waived to court.

Paul A. Alcoser, New Cumberland; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Brett Dennis, (charged three times), York; theft by unlawful taking, conspire to
commit burglary, burglary, criminal mischief; waived to court.

Brett Dennis, (charged three times), York; burglary, conspire to commit
burglary, criminal mischief; waived to court.

Brett Dennis, York; burglary, conspire to commit burglary; waived to court.

Kayla Bowers, York; theft of services-acquisition of service, bad checks; waived
to court.

David Jamal Adams, Harrisburg; false identification to law enforcement, false
report; waived to court.

Larry E. Sutton Jr., Lemoyne; aggravated indecent assault-complainant less than
13 years of age, aggravated indecent assault; held for court.

Candy Jane Reynolds, Dover; defiant trespass posted; moved to non-traffic.

Jeffrey Alan Witmer Jr., York; harassment-communication repeatedly in another
manner, defiant trespass actual communication to; guilty plea.

Justin M. Oberlander, York; disorderly conduct, hazardous/physical offense;
moved to non-traffic.

William C. Wilson III, Mount Wolf; photograph /film depict on computer sex,
aggravated indecent assault-complainant less than 13 years of age, aggravated
indecent assault without consent; waived to court.

Bobbie Jo Williams, Dover; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Mark Dido, Enola; driving under the influence, careless driving; waived to
court.

Michael R. Hostler, Manchester; driving under the influence, restrictions on
alcoholic beverages; held for court.

Robert A. Gosling, Lebanon; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Nathan Dennis Runk, Littlestown; driving under the influence; waived to court.

Lisa Cramer, Glen Rock; hinder apprehension/prosecution-harbor or conceal, false
report; waived to court.

James Richard Whiteak er, Etters; theft by unlawful taking-movable property;
waived to court.

Melissa Smith, Mechanicsburg; driving under the influence, driving while
operator's privilege suspended or revoked; waived to court.

James Anthony Finney, Harrisburg; receiving stolen property; waived to court.

Wayne Daniel Mikos, Dover; driving under the influence, use/possession of drug
paraphernalia; waived to court.

J. Frank Kautz, Harrisburg; indecent assault without consent of others, simple
assault; held for court.

Randy Lee Demmitt, York Haven; driving under the influence, failure to stop at
red signal; waived to court.

Marilyn E. Kresge, Harrisburg; forgery-utters forged writing, theft by
deception, false impression; waived to court.

Patricia Ann Marie Schmidt, York Haven; accidents involving death or personal
injury, accident involving damage to attended vehicle, driving under the
influence; waived to court.

Dallas James Hacker berg, York Haven; marijuana-small amount for personal use;
waived to court.

James Douglas Neail, Chambersburg; manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to
manufacture or deliver; held for court.

Shannon L. Leiby, Etters; sell/furnish liquor etc. to minor; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 10, 2008 Sunday

Md. Woman Critically Injured In Cycle Crash Top 10 Warrant List

BYLINE: Police, Fire Log

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1384  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


A man and woman riding a motorcycle in the 1800 block of Willow Street Pike
Saturday crashed and were taken to Lancaster General Hospital with severe
injuries, West Lampeter Township police Officer Thomas Murray said.

Leslie Davis, 59, and his wife, Ethel, of Dundalk, Md., were southbound on a
2005 Harley-Davidson shortly before 5:45 p.m. when he tried to stop for a line
of traffic and lost control, Murray said.

Both riders were thrown off and the cycle slid into the rear of a stopped 1998
Chevrolet pickup truck driven by Burnell Martin, 16, of the first block of
Limerock Road, Lititz.

Ethel Davis was listed in critical condition at the hospital Saturday night. No
information was available on Leslie Davis.

No one else was injured in the crash, Murray said.

DUI: Matthew L. Weaver, 23, of East Lampeter Township, was stopped by State
Police at Ephrata at 4:10 a.m. Saturday at routes 30 and 283 and found to be
under the influence of alcohol, police said. Weaver was arrested without
incident.

Carrie Anne Cling, 31, of New Holland, was charged with driving under the
influence of intoxicants Saturday, State Police at Ephrata said. Cling was
pulled over on Route 23 at Delp Road for a traffic violation at 1:05 a.m. and
was found to be under the influence of alcohol, police said.

Joshua Lee Hartranft, 19, of Denver, was charged with driving under the
influence of alcohol, underage drinking and careless driving Saturday, State
Police at Ephrata said.

Hartranft was eastbound in the 300 block of Orchard Road when he lost control of
his 2007 Chevrolet Cobalt, slid across the roadway and struck a tree at 4:30
a.m., police said.

FIRE ALARMS: County radio dispatchers reported that a fire suppression unit went
off in the kitchen of the General Sutter Inn, Lititz, around 10:10 a.m.
Saturday. Dispatchers said several employees complained of skin irritation.

County dispatchers reported a fire at a nursing home at Newport Avenue and the
county line in Christiana at 6:34 a.m. Saturday. The incident turned out to be
smoke from a dryer unit, dispatchers said.

DISORDERLY CONDUCT: Courtney Lynn Williams, 18, of Paradise Township, was cited
for disorderly conduct after a dispute with her mother in the first block of
Leacock Road, Paradise Township, at 5:53 p.m. Friday, State Police said.

PUBLIC DRUNKENNESS: Dana T. Demmy, 43, was arrested for public drunkenness after
he was observed staggering and stumbling while walking near his home in the 300
block of East Main Street at 7 p.m. Friday, New Holland police said.

Hakim A. Mustafa, 25, was cited for public drunkenness at his home in the 300
block of East Filbert Street at about 4 a.m. Saturday, police said.

Constantin G. Katsarous, 28, of the 1200 block of Sweetbriar Way, was taken into
custody for being highly intoxicated and yelling profanity at 3 a.m. Saturday in
the 200 block of North Duke Street, Lancaster police said. He was cited and
released.

Daniel Cooke, of the 500 block of West Main Street, Ephrata, was charged with
public drunkenness Saturday, Ephrata police said. Cooke was stopped as he was
walking in the 500 block of West Main Street at 1:04 a.m. and was found to be
intoxicated, police said.

ACCIDENTS: State Police at Lancaster investigated a two-vehicle accident on
Route 41, south of Lincoln Highway in Salisbury Township, at 12:21 p.m.
Saturday.

The drivers were Jack L. Smith Jr. , 57, of Oxford, and Tanya J. Martin, 38, of
Paradise, who had three juveniles in her car, police said.

No injuries were reported.

East Cocalico Township police are looking for a white male who was in a
hit-and-run accident in the 2300 block of North Reading Road Friday.

Police said the man swerved his gray Jeep Cherokee into the southbound lane and
struck a 2008 Nissan Altima head-on at 12:08 p.m.

The driver of the Nissan was uninjured but her car was towed, police said.

A witness said the Jeep pulled into the Muddy Creek Shops parking lot before
fleeing north on North Reading Road, according to police. The Jeep has severe
front end damage and is missing part of the front bumper. Contact Officer Steven
Savage at 336-1725, ext. 286, with information.

VANDALISM: Vandals smashed a flower planter on the driveway of a residence on
Kimberly Avenue in Providence Township between 1 and 1:30 p.m. Friday, State
Police said.

Two glass jars of sour cherry jam were thrown at a car in the 100 block of
Harristown Road, Paradise Township, between 11:30 p.m. Friday and 6:30 a.m.
Saturday, State Police at Lancaster said.

The impact caused the car window to break, police said. Anyone with information
is asked to call 299-7650.

Windows were broken out on two cars in the first block of North Ann Street and
one car in the 800 block of South Lime Street overnight Friday.

The incidents resulted in at least $400 of damage, police said.

THEFTS: Electronics valued at more than $300 were stolen from a 2007 Chevrolet
parked in the first block of North Plum Street, city police reported Saturday
morning.

The passenger side window on the front door was broken to gain entry, police
said. Taken were a Sirius satellite radio receiver valued at $200, an iPod MP3
player valued at $150 and a car cell phone charger, $15.

SHOTS FIRED: Police recovered eight .45-caliber shell casings in the 200 block
of West Walnut Street Saturday after a neighborhood resident reported hearing
two shots fired outside his bedroom window at 12:48 a.m.

WARRANTS: Andres Torres-Rivera, 32, of the 600 block of North Market Street, was
arrested on a bench warrant for simple assault after officers spotted him
walking outside a bar in the 400 block of North Prince Street shortly after 1:30
a.m. Saturday, police said.

Hector L. Carrion-Ortiz, 32, of the 2200 block of Oak Hollow Drive, Columbia,
was taken into custody on warrants after officers stopped a vehicle in which he
was a passenger at 12:19 a.m. Saturday in the 200 block of North Prince Street,
police said. He paid the warrants and was released.

Dianne M. Johnson, 52, of the 500 block of North Lime Street, was arrested for
false imprisonment/simple assault, and on summary warrants, at 12:41 p.m. Friday
in the 500 block of Lafayette Street, police said.

She was charged and paid the warrants, police said.

UNAUTHORIZED: A 17-year-old girl has been arrested for unauthorized use of her
mother's vehicle and other traffic violations stemming from an accident in
Pequea Township, Southern Regional Police said.

Police found the unoccupied vehicle crashed into a PPL utility pole Aug. 2.

West Lampeter Township police helped identify the car's owner, a Willow Street
woman who was not identified.

PARTY: A group of 14 boys and girls, ages 16 through 17, was arrested for
charges ranging from disorderly conduct to underage drinking at 9:40 p.m.
Thursday, on West Willow Road, Willow Street.

Southern Regional Police Cpl. John Michener charged the juveniles after
responding to a complaint about a drinking party, police said.

Shown are the names on the city's list as of Aug. 10. Last known addresses and
the number of outstanding tickets are listed. Please contact 735-1791 with any
information on these persons' locations, or e-mail
dinkelk@police.co.lancaster.pa.us

1. Deborah Espinosa, 100 block of Lepore Drive, nine parking and one compulsory
school attendance violation.

2. Erick Parsons, first block of South Lime Street, 12 parking.

3. Sandra Larue, 1100 block of Rohrerstown Road, 11 parking.

4. Torrey Colbert, first block of South Sixth Avenue, Coatesville, 13 parking.

5. Juan Quintero, 300 block of South Ann Street, 21 parking, one noise ordinance
violation and one red light violation.

6. Taina Maldonado aka Ivette, first block of South Franklin Street, 20 parking,
six compulsory school attendance violations and one noise ordinance violation.

7. Bryan Onley, first block of Church Street, six parking, four driving under
suspension, one inspection violation, one permitting an unlicensed driver to
operate vehicle, one curfew violation and one red light violation.

8. Safiyyah Warren, 1000 block of 70th Avenue, Philadelphia, 11 parking.

9. Anna Wesley, 700 block of East End Avenue, nine parking, one failure to pay
fines, two seat belt violations and one disregarding of a traffic control
signal.

10. Sandra White, 500 block of Poplar Street, nine compulsory school attendance
violations and one criminal mischief violation.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 9, 2007 Monday
                                  All Editions

Bangor lawyer certified in national OUI law

BYLINE: JUDY HARRISON OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


Wayne Foote knows a lot about drunken driving.

He understands the anatomy, biology, chemistry, physiology and toxicology
involved in how the body absorbs and eliminates alcohol and other drugs.

He comprehends how the equipment used to measure blood alcohol levels works, and
he understands its limitations.

More importantly, Foote knows that whether a person is convicted of driving
while under the influence of intoxicants in Maine sometimes hinges on legal
questions such as search and seizure, due process and illegal interrogation.

His expertise in these areas earned the Bangor-based lawyer accreditation from
the National College for DUI Defense in Montgomery, Ala.

Some states refer to the charge as DUI, or driving under the influence. The
wording of Maine's law is "operating under the influence of intoxicants," or
OUI.

Foote is the only lawyer in the state and one of 36 in the nation to earn the
certificate, which is akin to the board certification a doctor can earn in a
specific field.

Earning the certificate was not easy.

Foote attended classes once or twice a year for eight years. He then took a
detailed written exam similar to the bar exam.

In some ways, it was more than the bar exam, he said, but worth the expense and
the effort.

"I get to make the Constitution come to life," said Foote, 56, in an interview
last week. "Science, law and police procedure all come into play in these cases.
They are pretty complex to defend and I find them fascinating."

Not surprisingly, the outcome of an OUI charge is vitally important to
defendants and sometimes victims as well.

"People's jobs are on the line and their freedom is on the line," Foote said.
"For many of my clients, it's their first brush with the law, and they need
someone to guide them through the process."

He said that 100 percent of his practice is focused on criminal law, with about
80 percent of the cases he handles involving an OUI charge. He takes 25 to 30
cases to trial each year, most of them involving a drunken-driving charge.

He estimates that he wins 60 percent to 65 percent of jury trials and 75 percent
to 80 percent of jury-waived trials.

"Statistics don't predict the outcome of any one case," he said. "I have to look
at the 'triable' issues. If there are no triable issues, you don't want to put
your client through that. ... I can't make any guarantees. These are hard cases"
to win.

Going to trial also can be expensive, Foote said. Jury trials can cost $12,000
or more depending on how long a trial lasts, the number of expert witnesses
needed to testify and other factors.

Foote does not take every case. He said that he could help just one in four of
the people who seek his advice.

One of the people Foote helped was Erik Nestor, 35, of Narragansett, R.I.

Nestor was arrested Oct. 6 at the Blackwoods Campground in Acadia National Park.
He was charged with operating a motor vehicle in the park with a blood alcohol
level in excess of 0.08, the legal limit in Maine, and of operating a motor
vehicle in the park while being incapable of safely operating it.

Nestor's blood alcohol level was 0.10 percent, according to court documents.

Because the park is federal property, criminal cases are handled in U.S.
District Court in Bangor. Drunken driving on federal property is considered a
petty offense under federal law.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Margaret Kravchuk in February found Nestor not guilty on
both charges after a bench trial in federal court in Bangor.

She said prosecutors failed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Nestor
"operated a motor vehicle at a time when his consumption of alcohol rendered him
incapable of safely operating the same."

The judge also found that the federal standard for proving a driver was impaired
was higher than the state law applied in Maine.

In her written ruling she cited testimony from a government witness who said the
breath test result was subject to a margin of error, so Nestor's blood alcohol
level could have been as low as 0.075 and as high as 0.125 percent.

Because the test was given nearly an hour after Nestor's last beer, the alcohol
from that last drink had not yet been absorbed into the defendant's bloodstream
at the time of the operation.

It takes 30 minutes to an hour for a man weighing 180 to 200 pounds to absorb
alcohol into the bloodstream. Nestor weighed 190 pounds, according to court
documents.

Many of those facts, Kravchuk said, came out during Foote's cross-examination of
the prosecution's expert witness.

The issues Kravchuk outlined in the Nestor case are the ones Foote sees most
often in the cases he takes.

The "gross inadequacy" of the breath tests and the inexact science of how
alcohol is absorbed and eliminated from the blood are common triable issues, he
said.

He said he also understands the toll drug and alcohol abuse take on individuals,
families and society.

In addition to evaluating the case, Foote said, he knows that suggesting a
client seek help to evaluate a possible substance abuse problem sometimes is
part of his job.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 2, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 492 words


MIAMI -- Two America West pilots at the helm of a Phoenix-bound jetliner were
ordered to return to the airport terminal moments before takeoff yesterday and
were arrested for being legally drunk, police said.

Pilot Thomas Cloyd, 44, had a .091 blood-alcohol level, while Christopher Hughes
registered .084, both over Florida's .08 limit, police said.

They were charged with a felony count of operating an aircraft under the
influence and operating a motor vehicle under the influence, and both were
suspended with pay pending an investigation by the airline.

Security screeners at Miami International Airport first noticed a whiff of
alcohol on the men when the pilots tried to bring cups of coffee through the
checkpoint. Screeners alerted police, and the tower ordered the plane back to
the terminal, where the pilots were given sobriety and breath tests.

* NEW YORK -- New York City smokers were grumbling as they began paying more
than $ 7 for a pack of cigarettes. The city bumped its per-pack tax from 8 cents
to $ 1.50 in an effort to generate an additional $ 111 million and help close a
$ 5 billion budget gap. Smokers, who were just getting used to a state tax
increase of $ 1.50 a pack that took effect in May, were stunned to learn that at
a pack a day, they would burn more than $ 2,500 a year on cigarettes, double the
national average.

* MAITLAND, Fla. -- A 20-year-old man was shot to death and a 15-year-old boy
was pistol-whipped at the home of an Orlando Magic player in an apparent
home-invasion robbery, police said. Troy Hudson, a point guard for the NBA team,
was not home when Carrick Reid, 20, of Orlando, was fatally shot. The
15-year-old was not identified by authorities. A third person escaped through a
window, police said.

* NEWARK -- Paterson, N.J., Mayor Martin Barnes pleaded guilty to taking more
than $ 200,000 worth of cash, trips, a swimming pool and other gifts from
companies seeking to do business with the city. Barnes, who lost a bid for
reelection in May, faces up to 37 months in prison.

* TRENTON, N.J. -- New Jersey will pay $ 5 million to settle a race
discrimination lawsuit filed by 13 black state troopers who said they were
harassed and denied promotions. Negotiations ended in April, but the deal could
not be completed until the state budget was approved early yesterday.

* SOUTHFIELD, Mich. -- Tarajee Maynor, 25, of Detroit, was charged with
first-degree murder for allegedly leaving her children to die inside her
sweltering car while she had her hair done. Acacia D. Maynor, 10 months, and
Adonnis D. Maynor, 3, were so desperate for a breath of air that they left mouth
prints on the inside glass of the car where they were left for three hours,
police said.

* ORLANDO -- Amtrak's Silver Meteor train from New York to Miami collided with a
car at a Florida railroad crossing, killing two people inside the car, police
and Amtrak said. No one aboard the train was injured.

From news services

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 2, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Clinton Adams, 83, a Painter Who Helped Resurrect Lithography

BYLINE:  By KEN JOHNSON

SECTION: Section 1; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 344 words


Clinton Adams, an artist and writer and one of the most important influences on
the development of fine-art printmaking in America, died on May 13 at his home
in Albuquerque. He was 83.

In 1960, Mr. Adams helped start the renowned Tamarind Lithography Workshop in
Los Angeles with the artist and printmaker June Wayne. The program was intended
to revive the art of lithography by training apprentices to become masters of
the medium and by collaborating with well-known artists in the production of
marketable works.

In 1970, the program moved to Albuquerque, where it was renamed the Tamarind
Institute and made a division of the University of New Mexico. Mr. Adams, who
had been a dean at the university since 1961, continued as director of the
institute until his retirement in 1985.

As a painter and printmaker, he produced a low-key mix of traditional
representation and Modernist abstraction. He had more than 30 solo exhibitions,
and his works were collected by the Brooklyn Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern
Art in New York, and the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.

But his influence was most widely disseminated through his writings, including
"The Tamarind Book of Lithography: Art and Techniques" (Harry N. Abrams, 1971),
which he wrote with Garo Antreasian and which is considered the standard text on
the subject.

He also wrote the definitive history "American Lithographers 1900-1960: The
Artists and Their Printers" (University of New Mexico Press, 1983).

Born on Dec. 11, 1918, in Glendale, Calif., Mr. Adams studied art at the
University of California at Los Angeles. After serving in the Army Air Forced
during World War II, he returned to teach at U.C.L.A. and began to study
lithography. During the 1950's, Mr. Adams was chairman of the art departments of
the University of Kentucky at Lexington and the University of Florida at
Gainesville before returning to Los Angeles and helping to start the Tamarind
Lithography Workshop.

He is survived by his wife, Mary, whom he married in 1943; his son, Michael, of
Albuquerque; and four grandchildren.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Clinton Adams

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday
                                Geelong Edition

Laid back, ready to entertain

BYLINE: TYLER SMITH

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 469 words


MANY things have contributed to the making of Jordie Lane's Glassellland, but
nothing more so than the musical influences of his childhood.

"My strongest musical influences are ones that my parents had on the shelves
growing up. The likes of Crowded House, Stevie Wonder, Joni Mitchell and The
Beatles," he said.

"There's definitely influences, some more than others in this record, but
definitely The Beatles." Lane is back in Australia for his national tour after
releasing his latest full length album, something fans have been waiting five
years for.

Lane said he can't wait for the tour and it will be the unveiling of his band
The Sleepers.

"People can expect to see some very excited musicians ready to play some new
music," he said.

"There will be a bunch of new story songs and rocking out kind of songs." The
much loved Australian songwriter said writing the new album was quite difficult
at the beginning, but once the first song was written everything flowed.

"Once that poured out, it was like something cracked open," Lane said. "The
writing process probably only took about two months all up, but spread out over
nine months." Recording the album took longer for Lane and producer/partner
Clare Reynolds as they produced, engineered and played the instruments "We chose
to take longer and we could be a lot more complex and put more depth into the
songs," Lane said. He said musicians who worked on their last record, made in
Nashville, Tennessee, influenced Glasselland.

Lane said one of the hardest questions he has to answer is how the album sounds.
He said the album just portrays the sound he's been hearing in his head.

"I think living on the West Coast of Los Angeles has given the record a kind of
West Coast sound," he said.

"Gritty but at the same time it has a breezy, summery vibe.

"Also, capturing a story of one person has always been a huge influence on my
sound." Lane said the name of the album had an interesting origin. "There was
this sign on a hill around the corner from our first recording space that stood
only three metres high that said Glassellland in big block letters," he said.

"It was this ironic take on the original Hollywoodland sign. Instantly it became
the symbol for the album before we'd even started writing.

It was like a visual mantra that said: 'Your dreams are endless!' But the
difference was it was not all glossy and fake Hollywood. It was a mundane,
regular working class, real, gritty neighbourhood." Lane's tour will finish at
the Queenscliff Music Festival in November. He said he was looking forward to
the festival as it was a great atmosphere and a good time to catch up with other
musicians.

"You get this moment of hanging out with some of your favourite people," he
said."There's nothing like the festival crowds, the energy that everyone brings
and shares."

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Geelong Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                              May 14, 2007 Monday

Police log

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 591 words


The following police reports were received Monday by Public Opinion: --
Chambersburg

CRIMINAL MISCHIEF: Someone entered the community gardens to the rear of
Ministries Network, 10 Redwood St., and uprooted several plants and threw a
brick through a greenhouse window between 7 p.m. on Friday and 10 a.m. on
Saturday, Chambersburg police said.

(Incident No. C2007-04770)

CRIMINAL MISCHIEF: Someone entered and damaged multiple bags of concrete with a
knife at Nitterhouse Concrete, 859 Cleveland Ave., sometime during the day
Friday, Chambersburg police said.

Anyone with information is asked to call the Chambersburg police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. C2007-04696)

-- Guilford Township

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Jason Snook, 31, Chambersburg, was arrested by
Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, for driving under the influence Sunday
afternoon on Main Street.

Police stopped Snook's vehicle around 2 p.m. for an expired registration sticker
and a strong odor of alcohol, and an open can of beer was detected.

(Incident No. H03-1663827)

DISORDERLY CONDUCT: Lee Eugene Sprow, 49, Chambersburg, was arrested for
disorderly conduct Sunday evening at 3015 Anthony Highway by Pennsylvania State
Police, Chambersburg, said.

Police said that Sprow shouted obscenities loudly in a public area which caused
public inconvenience, annoyance and alarm. Police repeatedly told Sprow to
remain silent while they investigated an unrelated incident at the scene.

(Incident No. H03-1663903)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Joseph Lucas Jr., 29, Hagerstown, Md., was arrested
for driving under the influence by Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg,
after a traffic stop Sunday at 11:28 p.m. on Interstate 81 near mile marker 14.

(Incident No. H03-1663953)

-- Antrim Township

CRIMINAL TRESPASS: Someone entered an abandoned house in front of Chambersburg
Mall, Black Gap Road, on May 2 and removed several pieces of copper pipe from
the basement, Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said.

Anyone with information is asked to call the state police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. H03-1660605)

ACCIDENT: Frankie D. Thomas, no age provided, Harrisburg, was arrested for
driving under the influence and summary offenses after a one-vehicle accident
Sunday on Mt. Pleasant Road.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said that Thomas was traveling west in
a 2006 Chevrolet Cobalt when he lost control of the vehicle. Thomas's lost
control of the car on a right-handed curve, which struck a guard rail.

(Incident No. H03-1663769)

FLEEING AND ELUDING: Jarred Halteman, 21, Wrightsville, Ga., was arrested after
attempting to flee from police Sunday afternoon.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said that Halteman was traveling south
on Interstate 81 at a high rate of speed around 1:04 p.m. and attempted to elude
police by exiting the interstate at mile marker 3. Police said that Halteman
lost control of his vehicle and struck a fence at the end of the off ramp. He
then began driving north on U.S. 11 and eventually surrendered to police in the
parking lot of the Mason Dixon Auto Auction.

Halteman was arrested by police and transported to the Chambersburg barracks for
processing.

(Incident No. H03-1663817)

AGRICULTURAL VANDALISM: Someone shot a calf that belongs to Keith Grove,
Greencastle, while it was in an open barn at 71 Mason Road on Sunday around 1:30
a.m.

Police said that unknown caliber weapon was used to shoot the calf and that the
suspects fled north on four-wheelers.

Anyone with information is asked to call the State Police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. H03-1663734)

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 18, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

NOFZIGER CHARGED UNDER ETHICS LAW; DENIES WRONGDOING

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD D. MAY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1274 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 17


A Federal grand jury found that Lyn Nofziger illegally ''profited from the
political reputation and influence'' he gained as a senior White House aide,
according to an indictment unsealed here today.

It said that Mr. Nofziger, who had been the top political adviser to President
Reagan, illegally lobbied the White House on behalf of the Wedtech Corporation
just three months after leaving his Government job.

According to one of six counts in the indictment, on April 8, 1982, Mr.
Nofziger, ''with the intent to influence, made a written communication'' on
behalf of Wedtech to Edwin Meese 3d, then the counselor to the President and now
the Attorney General.

First Under Ethics Provision

Mr. Nofziger had left his job as Assistant to the President for Political
Affairs the previous January. The charges announced today are the first
indictment of a former senior Federal official under Section 207 of the Ethics
in Government Act of 1978, which prohibits such officials from lobbying their
old agencies for one year after leaving the Government.

Mr. Nofziger said today that he was ''innocent of any deliberate violation of
the law.''

James C. McKay, the special prosecutor who brought the indictments against Mr.
Nofziger, is also investigating Mr. Meese's links to Wedtech for possible
violations of other provisions of the ethics law.

Both Mr. Meese and Mr. Nofziger have acknowledged assisting Wedtech in obtaining
its first big contract, a $32 million agreement to build small engines for the
Army, but they have denied doing anything improper.

Wedtech at Center of Scandal

The indictment announced today was the first suggestion that there had been any
direct contact between the two men on the matter, though it did not really bear
on the issue of whether Mr. Meese, who has not been charged with any wrongdoing,
might have improperly profited from his efforts in the company's behalf.

New York, Federal and Congressional investigators are looking into allegations
that the rise of the Welbilt Electronic Die Corporation from an obscure
manufacturer in the Bronx Wedtech, a major Government contractor, was based
largely on influence-buying and bribery.

As of today, 19 people associated with Wedtech have been indicted in Washington,
Baltimore and New York.

Law Is Called Ambiguous

Mr. Nofziger charged today that the special prosecutor, or independent counsel,
''and his large staff of lawyers, F.B.I. agents and I.R.S. investigators have
systematically ruined my good name, my business and my finances.'' He added,
''If the independent counsel wants my scalp, he will have to get it the
old-fashioned way.''

Paul L. Perito, Mr. Nofziger's lawyer, said at a press briefing this morning
that the indictment would be ''vigorously'' fought on the grounds that Mr.
Nofzigfer broke no law, that the statute under which he has been charged is
''ambiguous, vague and possibly unconstitutional'' and that the appointment of a
special prosecutor to investigate Mr. Nofziger is also ''constitutionally infirm
under the separation-of-powers concept.''

Work for Fairchild and Union

The five remaining counts in the indictment, handed up Thursday, charge Mr.
Nofziger with illegally lobbying other senior Government officials on behalf of
Wedtech, the Fairchild Republic Corporation and the National Marine Engineers
Beneficial Association of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.

Mark A. Bragg, Mr. Nofziger's partner, was also charged with having ''aided,
abetted, counseled, induced, procured, and willfully caused'' Mr. Nofziger to
lobby unlawfully for Wedtech.

The indictment comes as the former deputy White House chief of staff, Michael K.
Deaver, is facing perjury charges in connection with statements he made about
his lobbying activities after leaving office and as other former Reagan aides
testify before Congressional select committees in regard to the Iran-Contra
affair.

Details of the Charges

The charges in the indictment included these:

* That Mr. Nofziger, ''with intent to influence, made an oral communication'' to
unnamed staff members of the National Security Council on behalf of the
Fairchild Republic Corporation, a division of Fairchild Industries. Mr. Nofziger
is accused of lobbying for Government purchases of Fairchild's A-10 anti-tank
aircraft, produced at the company's plant in Farmingdale, L.I. As a result of
those and other lobbying efforts, the indictment charges, ''the A-10 was the
subject of a directive of the President of the United States that A-10
production be continued.''

* That Mr. Bragg ''conducted day-to-day lobbying'' on behalf of Wedtech ''at the
direction'' of Mr. Nofziger and ''invoking the name and influence'' of Mr.
Nofziger. When Mr. Bragg thought it ''critical'' to the contract negotiations on
the engines, the indictment charges, Mr. Bragg ''counseled and caused defendant
Nofziger to exercise his political influence personally and directly on behalf
of Welbilt.'' In 1982, Mr. Bragg ''advised and directed'' Mr. Nofziger to
contact James E. Jenkins, then Mr. Meese's deputy at the White House, ''for the
purpose of influencing Jenkins on behalf of Welbilt,'' according to the
indictment. Mr. Nofziger subsequently wrote Mr. Jenkins in connection with the
engine contract and Mr. Jenkins later held a meeting in the White House attended
by Wedtech executives, Army and Small Business Administration officials.

* That in 1982 Mr. Nofziger illegally lobbied on behalf of Wedtech with John
Marsh Jr., then Secretary of the Army, and with James C. Sanders, then head of
the Small Business Administration.

* That Mr. Nofziger wrote a letter to Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Meese's deputy at the
White House, on behalf of the marine engineers' union in connecton with
expanding the use of civilian manning for United States Government ships. The
indictment charges that Mr. Nofziger illegally contacted Mr. Jenkins on behalf
of Wedtech in connection with the engine contract as well. $1 Million From
Wedtech Mr. Nofziger and Mr. Bragg are partners in a consulting and public
relations company called Nofziger-Bragg Communications. In 1983, they received
about a million dollars in stock and fees from Wedtech.

Mr. Bragg's lawyer, Richard Ben-Veniste, said today that his client was
innocent. He called the law ambiguous and said that he considered the indictment
''curious'' in that ''there is no criminal intent required as a matter of
proof.'' He said Mr. Bragg had consulted with lawyers and been advised that his
activities were not illegal.

Mr. Nofziger's lawyer, Mr. Perito, made the same point, arguing that proof of
criminality requires that an individual ''knowingly, willfully or
intentionally'' violate the law. He said the indictment released today makes no
such claim and that his client has been advised by other lawyers that he was
operating within the bounds of the law.

Mr. Perito added that the statute of the Ethics in Government Act under which
Mr. Nofziger was indicted is unclear about what constitutes lobbying, whether
the White House can be considered a Government ''agency'' and what constitutes a
matter ''pending'' before an agency.

More than 100 members of the Reagan Administration have faced ethical or legal
charges. However, the current Administration is also the first to be covered
from the beginning by the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, which set stricter
standards than existed in the past.

Commenting on the charges against Mr. Nofziger, E. Lawrence Barcella Jr., one of
his lawyers, commented, ''I knew the Carter Administration was against the
three-martini lunch, but I didn't realize they'd made it a felony.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

What Bill O'Reilly's take on the Electoral College and 'white establishment'
misses;
Conservative Fox News pundit Bill O'Reilly says liberals want to abolish the
nation's current presidential election system to wrestle power from the 'white
establishment.' But it's not clear that adopting the popular vote would
immediately do that.

BYLINE: Amanda Hoover

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 951 words


Bill O'Reilly doesn't want the Electoral College - or the disproportionate power
it brings rural, white voters - to disappear.

In a two-and-a-half minute introduction to the segment, the conservative Fox
News anchor threw his support behind the system, insisting its survival was
necessary to ensure that voters in predominantly rural states are not overrun by
a growing population of minorities in city centers.

"The left sees white privilege in America as an oppressive force that must be
done away with." he told The O'Reilly Factor viewers on Tuesday. "The left wants
power taken away from the white establishment. They want a profound change in
the way America is run. Taking voting power away from the white precincts is the
quickest way to do that."

The segment has left liberals reeling, with many calling Mr. O'Reilly's comments
racist, saying he appears to prefer white votes holding additional influence
over ballots cast by minorities. But for some, O'Reilly's comments illuminate a
larger segment of the population that fears the eroding influence of white
voters in a rapidly changing America - the very group that President-elect
Donald Trump rallied to win key swing states.

Those disappointed with Mr. Trump's victory have protested the centuries-old
system and called for a shift to a popular vote that would create equity among
individual votes nationwide. Others have pushed back, arguing that the system
put in place by the Founding Fathers in 1787 is a traditional and key element of
the US democratic process.

O'Reilly is correct from a mathematical standpoint: The Electoral College does
place an emphasis on votes from those in rural, and generally white, areas,
allowing a vote cast in Wyoming, for example, to have 3.6 times the influence of
one cast in California. But that doesn't necessarily mean the system is working
better for them, says George Edwards, a professor of political science at Texas
A&M University.

Under the current system, candidates focus their attention on big swing states
such as Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida, never taking the time to visit with
voters in large swaths of rural America. That lack of access can hinder voter
turnout in states as different as Wyoming and California.

"Right now, the candidates ignore rural areas," Dr. Edwards tells The Christian
Science Monitor in a phone interview. "You can't do worse than nothing. Any
change in the system can't make them worse off than nothing."

In O'Reilly's view, however, a popular vote system would essentially strip
states like Wyoming of their voice in the presidential election. Under today's
system, Democratic and Republican candidates alike spend time in places like
Iowa and New Hampshire, not only drumming up support but also taking time to
hear directly from voters about what issues are important to them.

In the segment, he argued that abolishing the electoral college would make large
cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston more appealing
campaign destinations for Democratic candidates, who may seek to win favor with
minorities and urban dwellers and tip the national vote to the left while
largely ignoring white voters living in "fly-over" states.

"[Liberals] well know that neutralizing the largely rural white areas in the
Midwest and South will ensure liberal politicians get power and keep it,"
O'Reilly said. "White working class voters must be marginalized. And what better
way to do that than center the power in the cities?"

O'Reilly's characterization that the push to abolish the Electoral College is
driven by a desire to overthrow the reign of "white privilege" on the electoral
process has drawn particular critisism from both ends of the political spectrum.



Juan Williams, a Fox News contributor and regular substitute host for The
O'Reilly Factor, dismissed O'Reilly's claim that race is the driving factor in
the debate around the Electoral College.

"There is a racial overlay," Mr. Williams said on the show. "But not everybody
who is challenging the Electoral College is doing it because of race. Lots of
people think it should be 'one person, one vote' no matter where you live in
America. But if you're out in the sticks now your vote is now worth more than a
vote in California."

That's a major sticking point for proponents of the popular vote. But, in
O'Reilly's view, simply reverting to a system based on the popular vote would
not just bring the weight of a single vote in California in line with a vote in
Wyoming, it would also tip the entire election into the hands of Californians.

With more than 39 million residents, California is the most populous state,
making up roughly 12 percent of the United States population. In the 2016
presidential election, Hillary Clinton won California by 4.3 million votes. If
the same were to happen under a popuar vote system, California could in effect
cancel out the votes of a whole handful of smaller states.

Bu Dr. Edwards, who wrote the book "Why the Electoral College is Bad for
America," suggested that if the popular vote were the law of the land, the
campaign in California - and ostensibly the outcome - would have been very
different.

As it is now, candidates take for granted that California will go blue. But
there are nearly 5 million registered Republicans in California, 30 times as
many as in Wyoming. If every vote was to be weighed individually, Republican and
Democratic candidates alike would spend time in the state - a point Donald Trump
alluded to shortly after the election.

"[Candidates] don't run ads in California. They don't invest in the ground game
in California," Edwards says. "But they would. They would take their case to
people everywhere because all those votes count."

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2014 Tuesday

Most Wanted/Sheriff's Reports for Jan. 28, 2014

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


Jan. 28--Editor's Note: The following are suspects booked into the Wilson County
Jail during the specified time frame. All persons charged are innocent until
proven guilty in a court of law.

Jan. 16

Darius Montez Rhodes, 22, of Murfreesboro, was held for court.

Tonya Marie Rompasky, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with writing a worthless
check.

Stevie Wayne Tomlinson, 43, of Lebanon, was charged with failure to appear,
resisting arrest and public drunkenness.

Darian Eugene Wilmeth, 41, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence.

Brandon Dane Windrow, 32, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with domestic assault and
resisting arrest.

David Konta Woodmore, 33, of Lebanon, was charged with attachment: contempt.

George Tyrell Woods, Jr., 37, of Lebanon, was charged with aggravated assault.

Jan. 17

Ryan Kyle Bell, 28, of Mt. Juliet, was in jail serving weekend time.

Recarlos Lamont Crutcher, Sr., 42, of Lebanon, was charged with driving on a
revoked license.

Casey James Guzak, 37, of Nashville, was held for court.

James Edgar Holcomb, 58, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence.

Robert Van McCallum, 59, of Lebanon, was in jail serving weekend time.

Nathaniel Ragland, 50, of Lebanon, was charged with driving on a revoked
license.

William Hunt Stutts, 25, of Lebanon, was charged with shoplifting and criminal
trespassing.

Rachel Miles Thomas, 42, of Mt. Juliet, was in jail serving weekend time.

Jan. 18

Sarah Jo Alsup, 24, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the influence.

Jennifer Ann Casassa, 49, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with violation of
conditional release domestic and domestic assault.

Daniel Shane Cooksey, 19, of Lebanon, was charged with aggravated assault,
assault, public drunkenness and consuming alcohol under 21 years of age.

Travis Lee Horne, 32, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the influence.

Ryan Monterio Horton, 32, of Lebanon, was charged with aggravated assault.

Mindy Gail Rutland, 34, of Ashland City, was charged with failure to appear.

Brian Keith Smith, 47, of Knoxville, was charged with driving on a revoked
license, driving under the influence and violation of implied consent law.

John Ray Thompson, 61, of Lebanon, was charged with robbery.

Stevie Renee Tidwell, 26, of Nashville, was charged with failure to appear.

Jan. 19

Cheryl Renee Barrett, 35, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence.

John Raymond Elliott III, 67, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with driving under the
influence.

Kimberly Nicole Glover, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with driving under the
influence and violation of implied consent law.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140128-1LD-Most-Wanted-Sheriff-s-Reports-for-Jan-28-2014-0128-20140128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            November 17, 2013 Sunday

This is a Quark CopyDesk document!

BYLINE: Randy Kindred;rkindred@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 522 words


A young Rick Horton attended church every Sunday. When he left the building, he
left religion behind. It would be there the next Sunday.

"Growing up in New York (Hyde Park), there was a bit of a disconnect between
what you do in church and the rest of your life," Horton said.

The gap began to close for Horton when he joined the Roosevelt High School
baseball team. His coach, Duane Davis, led the players in prayer prior to every
game.

No telling the stir that would cause in today's world. In the late 1970s, no one
objected vociferously.

Still ...

"It was such an odd thing to do, especially in New York where things were so
progressive and they were trying to stamp out anything religious in many ways,"
Horton said.

Davis did it anyway, and at least one of his players - a promising left-handed
pitcher - found it enlightening.

Horton went on to pitch for the St. Louis Cardinals, helping secure National
League pennants in 1985 and 1987, and won a World Series ring with the Los
Angeles Dodgers in 1988.

Now a Cardinals' broadcaster, he's thought of Davis a lot lately. His former
coach died on Nov. 4. The connection Davis made between faith and fastballs
lives on through Horton, director of the Greater St. Louis Area Fellowship of
Christian Athletes and a 20-year FCA staff member.

"I had not seen him (Davis) a lot over the past 15, 20 years, but there were a
lot of great memories of the legacy and the influence he had on my life," Horton
said. "That's what the FCA does. It empowers coaches to impact tomorrow's
leaders and citizens.

"Whatever part of the country you're in, coaches can have great influence
positively and negatively. We'd like it to be a positive influence."

Horton will talk faith and baseball on Thursday as featured speaker for the
annual Bloomington-Normal Area FCA banquet at the Marriott Hotel & Conference
Center in Normal. There will be a ballpark theme, right down to the cuisine.

Horton has an appetite for the game and certainly the FCA.

"I'm honored to get to speak there," he said. "What I tell people is I love the
Cardinals and I love baseball, but my real DNA is FCA.

"That's what defines what's most important to me - in addition to my family -
and that's my faith and sports. When I talk vocationally, my personal mission is
to the athletes and coaches and helping them to compete in a more godly way."

Horton felt blessed to be at the microphone for the Cardinals' season. He
watched talented veterans and young power pitchers mesh into National League
champions before losing 4-2 to the Red Sox in the World Series.

"It was just clutch hitting and young players responding to the leadership of
the older players like (Yadier) Molina and (Chris) Carpenter and (Adam)
Wainwright," Horton said. "They didn't all have beards or play a particular
song. It was just baseball the way it ought to be.

"It was real fun to watch Mike Matheny kind of mold that. Mike is on the
advisory board of the FCA and is a longtime FCA guy. He is such a solid manager
and leader of men. I know his faith has a lot to do with that."

Just like Duane Davis.

. The Kindred Blog: www.pantagraph.com/blogs

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rick Horton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Pantagraph


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            December 23, 2011 Friday
                                 Mersey Edition

A Rouse-ing chorus of approval for Josh

BYLINE: Jade Wright

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 481 words


HIS sound may suggest laid back Americana, but Josh Rouse takes his influences
from across the world.

Growing up in an army family, he spent time in California, Utah, Wyoming,
Nebraska, South Dakota, Georgia, and Arizona.

Music was one of the few constants in a life filled with new towns, new schools,
and new friends, and he took coms fort in bands like the Smiths and the Cure.

After receiving guitar lessons from his uncle, Josh began writing songs as an 18
year-old and moulded himself into a skilled composer, eventually scoring a
contract with the Rykodisc subsidiary Slow River.

His debut album, Dressed Up Like Nebraska, was released in 1998. He pulled up
sticks shortly thereafter and resettled in Nashville, where he was befriended by
Kurt Wagner, frontman of the chamber country group Lambchop. The two began
writing together and issued a collaborative EP, Chester, in the autumn of 1999.

He explored the influence of his adopted home state, Tennessee, with 2005''s
Nashville, before settling in Spain. He settled in the small seaside town of
Puerto de Santa Maria and began writing songs shaped by his new surroundings.

Josh's album this year, Josh Rouse & the Long Vacations, saw him draw from the
AM radio sounds he grew up with, as well as present-day influences from his
adopted home of Spain.

He drew the album's players from a mostly local crew of musicians. Across the
breadth of these nine songs, the supporting cast exhibit an uncanny ability to
interpret the material.

He's taken influences from every place he's stayed and, since he's in Liverpool
next months for a gig at the Black-E, might he take inspiration from the
hometown of The Beatles? "I am looking forward to playing the great music city
of Liverpool," says Josh, 39.

"The last time I was there it was 2004 and it was raining I believe. It was a
nice crowd, I flew out on Easyjet the next day and bought some Beatles magnets
in the airport."

The first album he ever bought was British - "Saturday Night Fever by the Bee
Gees," he smiles.

"A great pop group really, Britain really has a knack with catchy melodies that
don''t tire."

The Beatles rank alongside his favourite musicians too.

"I''m a fan of John and Paul as they are timeless pop song writers," he says.

"Also a big fan of Joao Gilberto as I like a good rhythm player with a soft
voice."

Josh is going to be playing material from his new album when he plays the
Black-E. It's selling like hot cakes online, but Josh admits he's not really
familiar with the technical side of things. He can't get his head around
Facebook or Twitter.

"I use neither," he admits. "I''m not much of a digital networker. I looked on
Google. There are approximately 1,500,000 things to say about me it seems."

¦ Josh Rouse plays the Black-E on Thursday January 26 at 7.30pm. Tickets pounds
15 (advance) available from Ticketweb & Probe Records.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Josh Rouse and the Long Vacations play the Black-E next month

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

District Court Log

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 477 words


Tuesday, May 25

Judge Martha Brennan

Dawn M. Berk, 42, of 229 Greenland Road, Sterling, operating under the influence
of drugs, dismissed; operating under the influence of liquor, guilty, $50
operating under the influence victim assessment, $250 head injury fund, $50
victim witness assessment, probation to May 25, 2012, two-year loss of license,
14-day inpatient program; marked lanes violation, dismissed/merged; reckless
operation, dismissed/merged; failure to stop for police, responsible, filed.
Charges brought by the State Police-Holden for offenses in West Boylston.

Adam C. Erskine, 25, of the Worcester County House of Correction, assault and
battery, dismissed. Charge brought by the Worcester County House of Correction.

Daniel J. Schecker, 43, of 151 Hartford Turnpike, Apt. 30, Shrewsbury, negligent
operation, sufficient facts found, but continued without a finding to Nov. 26,
attend a driver safety program, $50 victim witness fee; marked lanes, not
responsible; intimidation of a witness, dismissed. Charges brought by the West
Boylston Police.

Jeffrey E. Benoit, 54, of 248 Gardner Road, Hubbardston, operating a motor
vehicle with a suspended license, subsequent, dismissed upon payment of $100 in
court costs. Charge brought by the State Police-Holden for an offense in West
Boylston.

Friday, May 28

Judge Martha Brennan

Winful King Brown, 43, of 127 Rodney St., Worcester, unlicensed operation of a
motor vehicle, responsible, filed upon payment of $100 court fee. Charge brought
by Boylston Police.

Friday, May 28

Judge Paul McGill

Matthew Lutes, 35, of 136 Laurel St., second floor, West Boylston, breaking and
entering in the daytime to commit a felony, guilty, 180 days in the House of
Correction, 52 days credit, 52 days to serve, balance suspended, one year
probation; larceny over $250, guilty, 180 days in the House of Correction, 52
days credit, 52 days to serve, balance suspended, one year probation; possession
of burglarious instruments, 180 days in the House of Correction, 52 days credit,
52 days to serve, balance suspended, one year probation; malicious destruction
of property valued over $250, 180 days in the House of Correction, 52 days
credit, 52 days to serve, balance suspended, one year probation. Charges brought
by West Boylston Police.

Tuesday, June 1

Judge Martha Brennan

Emmanuel Ortiz-Maldonado, 19, of 79 Sterling St., Clinton, unlicensed operation,
responsible, decriminalized, $100 in court costs; being a motor vehicle operator
refusing to identify himself, dismissed. Charges brought by Boylston Police.

Christine Roland, 32, of 116 Lincoln St., second floor, Fitchburg, shoplifting
by asportation, dismissed; larceny over $250, guilty, 90 days in the House of
Correction, 30 days to serve, balance suspended to Nov. 26, remain drug and
alcohol free, $50 victim witness assessment. Charges brought by West Boylston
Police.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tuesday, May 25 Judge Martha Brennan Dawn M. Berk, 42, of 229 Greenland
Road, Sterling, operating under the influence of drugs, dismissed; operating
under the influence of liquor, guilty, $50 operating under the influence victim
assessment, $250 head injury fund, $50 victim witness assessment, probation to
May 25, 2012, two-year loss of license, 14-day inpatient program; marked lanes
violation, dismissed/merged; reckless operation, dismissed/merged; failure to
stop for police, responsible, filed. Charges brought by the State Police-Holden
for offenses in West Boylston.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             August 29, 2008 Friday

More Crime Watch for 08/29/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1085 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Timothy C. Jenkinson, 919 E. Prospect St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol; waived to court.

Lori K. Schwartz, 97 Maple Road, Dover; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, BAC .02 percent or greater; waived to court.

Howard B. Wright Jr., 489 River View Drive, Wrightsville; driving under the
influence: general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the
influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled
substance, no driver's license, false identification to police, restrictions on
alcoholic beverages; waived to court.

-Rodney A. Foye, 2204 Slater Hill Lane W; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving on wrong side of roadway, driving under suspension;
held for court.

Beronia M. Jackson Sr., 452 Walnut St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, driving under the
influence: combination of alcohol/drug; waived to court.

Anthony C. Alfano, 1532 Second Ave.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Brenda L. Shaub, 113 E. Philadelphia St.; driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, driving under the influence: general impairment/incapable of
driving safely, terroristic threats, disorderly conduct, driving under
suspension; waived to court.

Patricia A. Mahan, 1879 Trolley Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, accidents involving damage to unattended vehicle/property;
waived to court.

Stephen G. Jones, 510 E. Prospect St.; simple assault, driving under
suspension/driving under the influence related; waived to court.

Ashley B. Smeltzer, 117 N. 2nd St., Wrightsville; manufacture/deliver/possession
with intent to manufacture or deliver, criminal
conspiracy-manufacture/deliver/possession with intent to manufacture or deliver;
waived to court.

Brian A. Lecrone, 318 Overbrook Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, following too closely, restrictions on
alcoholic beverages, disregard traffic lane, restraint systems; waived to court.

Daniel R. Jones, 316 Smyser St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property, theft from a motor vehicle; waived to court.

Jeffrey Lutman, 242 Fulton Road, Airville; theft by deception/false impression,
bad checks; held for court.

Ashley M. Nispel, 527 Girard Ave.; defiant trespass/actual communication to;
waived to court.

Amir Thompson, 425 N. Newberry St.; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Erica Hawkins, 3076 Quail Lane; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Heidi Butcher, 14325 Georgia Ave., Silver Spring, Md.; bad check; pleaded
guilty, paid fine, costs and restitution.

Terry Bluestone, 156 S. Peiffer Road, Wellsville; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Ramona Bluestone, 156 S. Peiffer Road, Wellsville; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Damani Walcott, 610 W. Philadelphia; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, served
time.

Matthew Sutton, 1415 W. Poplar Terrace; property maintenance; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Daniel Craley, 3030 Cypress Road South, Dover; tax violation; pleaded guilty,
paid fine and costs.

Melissa Why, 369 York St., Manchester; harassment; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Angelina Kimmey, 1394 Seven Valleys Road; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Jennifer Laws, 333 N. Penn St.; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs and
restitution.

Dennis Trowbridge, 649 W. College Ave.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, paid fine
and cost.

Albert Barnes, 840 Beaverton Drive; tax violation; found guilty, paid fine and
costs.

Derek Mundis, 330 Grove Road, Red Lion; disorderly conduct; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Anthony R. Johnson, 610 W. Philadelphia St., Apt. 11; retail theft; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Erika Sayer, 1100 Ironbark Court, Apt. G, Bel Air, Md.; disorderly conduct;
pleaded guilty, paid fine and costs.

Shawn R. Wilson, 2230 Chestnut Road; bad check; pleaded guilty, paid fine, costs
and restitution.

Steven Farrell, Farrell's Nursery, P.O. Box 96, Dover; tax violation; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Crystal Collins, 7645 Bobs Road, Felton; tax violation; pleaded guilty, paid
fine and costs.

Tommie Simmons Jr., 118 N. George St., Apt. 2; disorderly conduct; pleaded
guilty, paid fine and costs.

Matthew Levan, 110 S. Front St., York Haven; public drunkenness; found guilty,
served time.

Rebecca Rivera, 577 W. Market St.; retail theft; pleaded guilty, served time.
---
District Judge James S. Miner's office covers Penn and West Manheim townships.
DISPOSITIONS
Scott Andrew Holland, 416 Pleasant St., Hanover; disorderly conduct; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; criminal mischief; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; criminal mischief; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Donna Loscomb, 1130 Krentler Drive, Hanover; Dog Law officer; failure to control
dangerous dog; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Bryan Jeffrey Heiser, 24 Marianne Drive, Hanover; Codorus State Park ranger;
violation of rules and regulations of conduct on Commonwealth property;
sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; disorderly conduct; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Hanover Juvenile; criminal mischief; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

William F. Huff, 46 Scott St., Hanover; harassment; sentenced to pay fine and
cost.

Scott Stauffer, 85 Pine Road, Abbottstown; parking prohibited in specified
places; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

Kevin M. Keperling Jr., 120 Stuart Ave., Hanover; disorderly conduct; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Kevin M. Keperling Jr., 120 Stuart Ave., Hanover; public drunkenness; sentenced
to pay fine and cost.

Kevin M. Keperling Jr., 120 Stuart Ave., Hanover; harassment; sentenced to pay
fine and cost.

Timothy G. Calimer, 10767 Fish and Game Road, Waynesboro; PA Fish and Game
Commission; general boating regulations; sentenced to pay fine and cost.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 19, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 855 words


POLICE BLOTTER

Coeur d'Alene police

Timothy Penberthy reported Monday $1,500 damage to a window of an office at
Hanley Professional Center, 509 W. Hanley Ave.

Kootenai County sheriff

John Plahan, Coeur d'Alene, reported Monday the $30,000 theft of three
fireplaces, a furnace/air conditioning unit and carpeting from a home on the
11000 block of W. Riverview Drive.

Robert Harrison, Hayden, reported Monday $850 damage to the widows of a 1982
Kayote boat docked at Conkling Marina on Lake Coeur d'Alene near Worley.

NEWS OF RECORD

Kootenai County

Criminal sentencings

Judge Eugene Marano

Sean M. Driver, 31, Spokane; use or possession of drug paraphernalia with intent
to use; one year in jail (34 days credited).

Judge Quentin Harden

Teuvo W. Orjala, 25, Coeur d'Alene; contractor registration required in Idaho;
$500 fine.

John D. Peterson, 20, Spokane; frequenting a place where a controlled substance
is used; $300 fine, 90 days in jail (84 days suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, two years probation.

Shane A. Reynolds, 28, Colfax, Wash.; possession of a controlled substance; $250
fine, $100 restitution to state lab, 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 24
hours county work program, two years probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Timothy B. Kelly, 30, Coeur d'Alene; use or possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use; $150 fine, one year in jail (331 days suspended, 14 days
credited), 30 days unscheduled jail time, two years probation.

James W. Strope, 44, Post Falls; misdemeanor probation violation; 40 days in
jail (10 days suspended) or proof of completion of treatment.

Judge Barry Watson

Jacob R. Darrah, 25, Boise; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Greg G. Mallett, 37, Hayden ; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180 days
in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180 days driver's
license suspension, two years probation.

Robert H. Freer, 48, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (130 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Curtis E. Ferguson, 24, Hayden; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($500
suspended), 180 days in jail (160 days suspended), 120 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

Earl L. Price, 45, Coeur d'Alene; driving without privileges; $500 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (174 days suspended) or 24 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Carrie Farrell, 39, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Ronald E. Welch Jr., 49, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90
days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Phillip M. Dunbar, 21, Hayden; possession/consumption/purchase of alcohol by a
minor; $500 fine.

Robin R. Barnes, 47, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: disturbing the peace; $300 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (119 days suspended, 61 days credited), one
year probation. Count II: unlawful transport of alcohol/open container; $100
fine, 61 days in jail (credited).

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Daniel P. Garrison, 19, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; five
days in jail or proof of completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

Civil complaints

Numerica Credit Union v. Michelle Thome, seeking $2,343.

Patricia Titchenal v. Robert and Janice Jarrett, seeking $2,500.

Lumber Products v. Lavivrus WTF Inc., Orville Seger and Makayla Seger, seeking
$7,351.

American General Finance Services Inc. v. Tony Mills, seeking $7,991.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Angelique Colvin and Troy Colvin, plaintiff
awarded $8,982.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Deborah Warner, plaintiff awarded $6,196.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ronald Kope, plaintiff awarded $1,801.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Dawn and Raymond Amos, plaintiff awarded $3,269.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Troy Thompson and Heather Thompson, plaintiff
awarded $2,728.

Etar LLC v. Harold Hanes and Tanya Dalton, plaintiff awarded $8,876.

Harry Ritchies Jewelers v. Jessika Kelson, plaintiff awarded $2,107.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Susan George, plaintiff awarded $1,361.

Paul Stapel v. Robert Hansen, plaintiff awarded $4,234.

Discover Bank v. Anita Rushing, plaintiff awarded $7,182.

George Bobella Jr. v. Darrin Bobella, plaintiff awarded $1,643.

Civil dismissals

Roman and April Gibson v. Ronald and Viola Hoye.

Richard and Ella Corbit v. Joel and Sherry Curran.

Divorces sought

Jason A. Waller from Cassandra L. Waller.

Divorces granted

Teresa A. Mitchell from Benny F. Mitchell II.

Tony L. Ludiker from Diana C. Clemons.

Beverly J. Hunsaker from Stephen A. Hunsaker.

Shaun M. Stein from Jason A. Stein.

Tonja C. Powell from Ty D. Powell.

Glenn Mangis from Toni L. Mangis.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Warrants

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 457 words


BONNER COUNTY

Bonner County has a backlog of outstanding warrants. Officials are asking the
public for information about the following people, identified by name, age, last
known city of residence, the charge and the bond amount on the warrant. If you
have any information, please contact the Sheriff's Department at (208) 263-8417
or the Bonner County Communication Center at (208) 255-2946.

Felonies

Walter M. Ford-Bridges - 19, Sandpoint, parole violation/burglary, possession of
cocaine, resisting/obstructing officers, $77,000 bond.

Gregory P. Kroetch - 41, Spokane, passing fictitious checks, driving under the
influence, open container of alcohol, $17,500 bond.

Jerrold P. Pressnall - 36, Sagle, trafficking in marijuana, $25,000 bond.

Rocky A. Seaman - 56, Ponderay, grand theft, driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $31,053 bond.

Nicholas W. Shuff - 18, Ponderay, parole violation/burglary, no bond.

Misdemeanors

Lee R. Aderton - 51, Anacortes, Wash., failure to appear/driving under the
influence, $5,000 bond.

Benjamin F. Aguilar - 19, Newport, Wash., willful concealment, $1,000 bond.

Jessie L. Blaton - 65, Portland,  failure to appear/driving under the influence,
driving without privileges, $5,000 bond.

Thomas E. Briggs - 26, Priest River, failure to appear/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Robert L. Browning III - 53, Sagle, failure to comply/driving without
privileges, $2,000 bond.

Cody J. Burke - 18, Columbia Falls, Mont., failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $1,000 bond.

Timothy P. Filliger - 24, Federal Way, Wash., failure to comply/driving under
the influence, $6,000 bond.

Thomas M. Green - 22, Newport, Wash., failure to comply/possession of drug
paraphernalia with intent to use, $5,000 bond.

Joshua J. Holman - 27, Spirit Lake, failure to comply/driving under the
influence, driving without privileges, $2,000 bond.

Elvin J. E. Holt - 28, Sandpoint, failure to comply/violation of no contact
order, $650 bond.

Joann C. Nettleingham - 31, Elmira, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, driver's license violation, $1,500 bond.

Jessica C. Olson - 26, Post Falls, failure to appear/failure to purchase a
driver's license, $7,000 bond.

Waylon E. Rowe - 27, Sandpoint, failure to appear/possession of a controlled
substance, theft by receiving stolen property, $7,000 bond.

Heidi M. Sander - 22, Spokane, failure to appear/use of telephone for false 911
report, $1,000 bond.

Steven G. Vissia - 43, Sandpoint, failure to comply/driving without privileges,
possession of driver's license, $7,000 bond.

Most contempt warrants can be taken care of by contacting the Bonner County
courthouse and paying an outstanding fine.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 30, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Lobbyists' finances show surprising numbers;
New law requires monetary records

BYLINE: J. TAYLOR RUSHING

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 1244 words


TALLAHASSEE -- John Thrasher and Jim Horne haven't been in the Legislature for
years. Martin Miller and Edward Blakely never have been. But together they exert
millions of dollars worth of influence on the funding and policies that come out
of the Capitol.

For the first time, the public can see this for itself: For two weeks, income
disclosure reports have been trickling into Tallahassee that show how much the
state's 2,000 lobbyists are paid to influence state laws and budgets.

Thrasher, the former House speaker-turned-lobbyist from Orange Park, filed a
report showing his seven-man capital lobbying firm received up to $11.5 million
during the first three months of this year alone. Horne, a former state senator
and education commissioner who became a lobbyist in 2004, reported earning up to
$340,000 from 25 clients, including the Florida Medical Association, Florida
School Boards Association and Isle of Capri casinos.

Thrasher's firm's 110 clients include Jacksonville, Clay and Duval counties'
school districts, Brazilian jet manufacturer Embraer, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays
and Walt Disney World. He was traveling and unavailable for comment, but Horne
said the disclosure reports likely won't surprise many Floridians.

"But what I am concerned about is that a small element of the public may say
this is outrageous," Horne said. "If anything, I think things are overstated in
terms of lobbyists' influence. When I was a legislator, I thought all lobbyists
were scum of the earth. But 98 percent of them turned out to be honest, accurate
and legitimate people who represented their clients and left decisions up to
me."

The disclosure reports were required under a lobbying crackdown law passed
during December's special legislative session. The law bans lobbyists from
providing free food, drink and gifts to legislators and also requires lobbyists
to disclose how much they are paid by their clients. Both executive and
legislative branch lobbyists were included, meaning there were two categories of
reports.

The reports cover the first quarter of the year, from Jan. 1 to March 31, which
includes the first half of the two-month legislative session that ended May 5.
Also, to quell invasion-of-privacy complaints from lobbyists, legislators
required compensation to be reported in $10,000 ranges -- so the reports only
show a company such as BellSouth or State Farm paid a certain lobbyist between
$10,000 and $19,999, for example. The reports are required of lobbyists who work
by contract, not corporation lobbyists such as Mike Hightower, a longtime
Jacksonville-based lobbyist for Blue Cross and Blue Shield.

But because Florida's legislative business largely is conducted during the first
few months of the year, the reports do provide a significant view of a
lobbyist's annual income. Horne said he receives about one-third of his annual
income during the first three months of the year, and Miller estimated about
half of his compensation comes during the same period.

Gov. Jeb Bush said the reports show lobbyists are overpaid.

"I don't think people should pay lobbyists that much, myself," Bush said. "The
lesson I get from this is that these guys get paid a heck of a lot and sometimes
they add value and sometimes they don't. And the fact that it's transparent is a
good thing for people in the state, as well as for legislators."

Some legislators who supported the December law also were surprised at the
figures detailed in the reports.

"I didn't know they were pulling down that much," said Sen. Jim King,
R-Jacksonville. "The general public has always had a mind-set that disapproves
of any kind of lobbying effort, so this will add to the burden they [lobbyists]
have to face that they're either overpaid or shouldn't exist."

Lobbyists sued to prevent having to file the disclosure reports but lost when a
federal judge refused a request by the Florida Association of Professional
Lobbyists to block the requirement. They began to be received by the state
Ethics Commission on May 15 but have been coming in every few days since then
under a 30-day grace period.

Lobbyist association President Carl Adams said the group still is considering
whether to continue its court fight and still considers the requirement an
invasion of privacy. He noted that since the law bans spending by lobbyists on
legislators, knowing a lobbyist's compensation is useless.

"There's no point in this being public," Adams said. "The only point in knowing
how much I make is to know what I spend. And if I can't spend anything anymore,
what's the point?"

Blakely, a Jacksonville-based lobbyist whose Tidewater Consulting Inc. firm
includes former state Republican Party Chairman Tom Slade, filed reports
disclosing up to $300,000 in income from 25 clients including Jacksonville, Blue
Cross and Blue Shield, the Duval County School Board, the University of North
Florida and the Jacksonville aviation, port and utility authorities. Because his
contract with public entities such as the city previously were public record,
the only new information in the disclosure reports is the difference between
what he is paid by public and private interests, he said.

"And what's been shown is that public and private entities are paying about the
same," Blakely said. "If this is how the public wants to feel at ease with
what's happening in Tallahassee, I think we're happy to comply."

Some lobbyists have only a single client. Miller, who represents Duval County
schools in Tallahassee, filed a fairly simple report that showed the School
Board pays him between $30,000 and $40,000 a year to lobby only legislators. He
is concerned that the reports show an inflated view of small lobbyists' income,
since one-man firms like his have no partners with which to share overhead
costs.

"I see the value in reporting this, but I don't know that the way it's reported
is accurate," Miller said. "Most of a small lobbyist's revenue goes for
overhead."

jt.rushing@jacksonville.com, (850) 224-7515, ext. 11

A CLOSER LOOK AT THE MONEY TRAIL

Reports filed this month with the state Ethics Commission detail, for the first
time, how much Florida lobbyists are paid by their clients to lobby the
executive and legislative branches of state government. Following is a look at
some prominent First Coast lobbyists and their top clients.

SOUTHERN STRATEGY GROUP (including John Thrasher)

$40,000-$49,999 combined range:

-- Florida Hospital Association

$30,000- $39,999 combined range:

-- 1-800 Contacts

-- BearingPoint Inc.

-- Benfield

-- Camino Reale Properties LLC

-- Centex Homes

-- Citrus Mining and Timber Inc.

-- Embraer Aircraft Holding Inc.

-- First American Title Insurance Co.

-- LexisNexis

-- Merck and Co. Inc.

-- Raytheon

-- Security Finance Corp.

-- University of Central Florida Foundation

-- Vesco Services

THE HORNE GROUP INC. (Jim Horne)

$30,000-$39,999 range:

-- Educational Services of America Inc.

-- Isle of Capri Casinos Inc.

$10,000--19,999 range:

-- Academica Corp.

-- American Cancer Society

-- Fiorentino & Hewett

-- Florida Association of Postsecondary Schools and Colleges

-- Florida Consortium of Charter Schools

-- Florida Medical Association

-- Knowledge Learning Corp.

-- Okaloosa-Walton College Collegiate High School

-- RTMS, Global

-- Voyager Expanded Learning

TIDEWATER CONSULTING INC. (Edward Blakely)

$20,000-$29,999 range:

-- Sprint

-- Pembroke Park

$10,000-$19,999 range:

-- Dania Beach

-- Jacksonville

-- JEA

MILLER CONSULTING GROUP INC. (Martin Miller)

$30,000-$39,999 range:

-- Duval County School Board

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 31, 2006



CORRECTION: -- Southern Strategy Group, the seven-member Tallahassee lobbying
firm that includes former House Speaker John Thrasher of Orange Park, had
first-quarter earnings of up to $2.9 million, according to a financial
disclosure statement filed last month. Because of a reporter's error, the firm's
first-quarter earnings were incorrect in a story on Page B-1 Tuesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 12, 2006 Sunday

Business People;
HIRES, TRANSFERS, PROMOTIONS AND HONORS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 611 words


BIG HILL GMAC REAL ESTATE, Dayton

The company recently announced that JoAnn Smith has joined its Clayton office. A
licensed realtor for 10 years, she is currently pursuing a degree in real estate
finance at Sinclair Community College. She has five years experience for a firm
in Alamogordo, New Mexico.

CLOTHES THAT WORK! Dayton

Board member Susie Weaver, owner of Mousaian Oriental Rugs, and CTW! founding
mother Pat Rider of the The Rider Group received the YWCA's Women of Influence
Award. They were selected for making a positive influence on the lives of
others, as part of their careers, as volunteers, as role models and mentors.

Leigh Sempeles, vice president of Legal Product Management & Content Development
at LexisNexis, has been appointed to the CTW! Board of Trustees. She has been
with LexisNexis for more than 20 years and has served in organizational
positions within product development, marketing and strategy.

LIBERTY SAVINGS BANK, Dayton

Missy Renner has joined the bank's newly opened Vandalia Financial Center as a
sales manager. She will be responsible for the overall operation of the center
as well as business development in the Vandalia market. She was previously with
Fifth/Third Bank of Dayton and has more than 10 years of experience in the
financial services industry. Renner, who received a bachelor's degree from
Wright State University, is active in the Vandalia Rotary Club, Vandalia Chamber
of Commerce and the Wright State University Corporate Appeal Program.

THOMPSON HINE L.L.P., Cincinnati

The White House recently announced that Michael R. Oestreicher was recently
appointed by PresidentBush to serve as a nember of the President's Advisory
Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations. He is a corporate partner in
Thompson Hine's Cincinnati office and will remain with the law firm as he serves
his two-year term on the ACTPN. He was partner-incharge of the Cincinnati office
from 1989-2000. Currently, he is a member of the firm's corporate transactions &
securities and international practice groups, and is responsible for several of
the firm's key strategic initiatives. Oestreicher, who received a law degree
from Boston University School of Law and a bachelor's degree from Miami
University, is admitted to practice in Ohio and New York and is a former
associate member of the Dutch Order of Brussels, Belgium Bar.

THOMPSON HINE L.L.P., Dayton

The law firm recently announced that Susan C. Cornett has joined the Dayton
office as an associate in the real estate practice group. Previously, she was a
real estate lawyer for Klehr, Harrison, Harvey, Branzburg & Ellers L.L.P. in
Philadelphia. She received a law degree/master's in business administration
joint degree in 2004 and a bachelor's degree in industrial management in 2001
from the University of Cincinnati.

WALTER F. STEPHENS JR. INC., Franklin

The company recently named Carla Baker as its next president. She started with
the company in 1980 as accounts payable clerk before working at various
positions including office manager, assistant vice president and vice president
before reaching the position of executive vice president.

MARK FORNES REALTY INC., Dayton

Commercial real estate broker Jason Rudzinksi was recently named a vice
president with the company. He has specialized in the sale and leasing of office
and industrial properties in the greater Dayton area, as well as in commercial
and development land sales. A graduate of Miami University, he joined the
company in 2004.

MICHAEL MILLONIG LAW GROUP L.L.C., Dayton

Michael J. Millonig has been selected for a listing in the Ohio Super Lawyers
Guide to the Best Lawyers in Ohio in the area of elder law practice.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JoAnn Smith Big Hill GMAC Real Estate
Missy Renner Liberty Savings Bank
Jason Rudzinski Mark Fornes Realty
Michael R. Oestreicher Thompson Hine
Carla Baker Walter F. Stephens Jr.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    February 24, 2005 Thursday, York Edition

Superior Court

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS; Superior Court; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 350 words


The following people were sentenced and appeared on the January trial list at
York County Superior Court:
Ryan Thayer, 19, Saco, criminal trespass, $297.50.
Richard Thompson, 19, Kennebunk, driving to endanger, $610. and 30-day license
suspension.
Geno Toppi, 50, Old Orchard Beach, violation of probation, 30 days in jail.
Matthew Tozier, 26, Saco, unlawful possession of scheduled drugs, 48 hours in
jail.
Jamie Tripp, 28, Portland, assault, 48 hours in jail.
Jill Verhow, 39, Ogunquit, operating under the influence of intoxicants, $640,
72 hours in jail and 90-day license suspension.
Anthony Vieira, 45, North Berwick, operating under the influence of intoxicants
and operating after suspension, $1,190 seven days in jail and 18-month license
suspension, plus failure to give correct name to authorities, $190.
David Violette, 29, Lyman, operating under the influence of intoxicants, $730,
120 days in jail with all but seven days suspended, followed by one year of
probation and 18-month license suspension.
Michael Wakefield, 33, York, operating under the influence of intoxicants, $615
and 90-day license suspension.
Seth Walker, 48, Glen, Calif., operating under the influence of intoxicants,
$1,000, 72 hours in jail and 90-day license suspension.
James Waltz, 58, Biddeford, burn without a permit, $500.
Stephen Whicher, 54, North Reading, Mass., operating under the influence of
intoxicants, $580, 21 days in jail and 90-day license suspension.
Denis Whyte, 46, Eliot, driving to endanger, $700 and 30-day license suspension.

Christopher Wright, 25, Kennebunk, burglary of a motor vehicle, three years in
jail, all suspended, followed by three years of probation with conditions and
violation of probation, nine months in jail.
Nathan Wright, 24, Eliot, violation of probation, 15 days in jail.
Scott Wyman, 36, Saco, operating under the influence of intoxicants and unlawful
possession of drugs, $1,575, 364 days in jail with all but 40 days suspended,
followed by one year of probation with conditions.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 5, 2004 Saturday
                                HandleX Edition

JAIL BOOKINGS

SECTION: S; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 972 words


This represents the rest of the felony bookings between 6 a.m. on Friday, April
23 and 6 a.m. on Friday, April 30. It is important to note that history only
reflects Kootenai County history since 1991.

Bennett, Rhonda K. - 43, Coeur d'Alene, felony driving under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, two previous bookings, one warrant.

Sharp, Amber M. - 22, Coeur d'Alene, probation violation, three previous
bookings, five warrants.

Stinson, Daniel V. Jr. - 20, Coeur d'Alene, probation violation, four previous
adult bookings, one adult warrant.

Taylor, Joyce L. - 42, Spokane, fugitive from justice, driving with a suspended
driver's license, no previous bookings.

Derryberry, David C. Jr. - 30, Aurora, Calif., failure to register as a sex
offender, 20 previous bookings, 28 warrants.

Kendrot, Megan C. - 18, Eagle, Idaho, burglary, no previous bookings.

Waddell, Seth M. - 19, Rathdrum, possession of stolen property, two previous
adult bookings, one warrant.

This represents all of the felony bookings

between 6 a.m. on Friday, April 30 and 6 a.m. on Friday, May 7. It is important
to note that history only reflects Kootenai County history since 1991.

Sankey, Jeffery B. - 37, Spokane, co-op transport hold, two previous bookings,
one warrant.

Schneider, James A. - 18, Spokane, co-op transport hold, no previous bookings.

Schwanke, Christopher B. - 34, Spokane, co-op transport hold, no previous
bookings.

Griese, Lance D. - 29, Spokane, two counts forgery, no previous bookings.

Wagner, Tyler A. - 21, Lake Oswego, Ore., two counts manufacturing and
possession with intent to deliver, petty theft, three previous bookings and
warrants.

Willard, Shane T. - 31, Belgrade, Mont., co-op transport hold, no previous
bookings.

Inwood, Leo M. - 28, Post Falls, grand theft, three previous bookings, one
warrant.

Bilquist, Lisa R. - 38, Coeur d'Alene, possession of a controlled substance,
three previous bookings and warrants.

Gibbs, David E. - 19, Coeur d'Alene, burglary, three previous adult bookings and
warrants.

Hammons, Aaron R. - 24, St. Maries, battery on jailer, battery on peace officer,
driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, obstructing, no previous
bookings.

Hall, Aaron W. - 19, Hayden, burglary, four previous adult bookings.

Fanning, Kenneth C. - 43, Worley, possession of a controlled substance, two
counts driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, obstructing, carrying a
concealed weapon under the influence, 13 previous bookings, nine warrants.

Gaines, Daniel L. - 50, Coeur d'Alene, fugitive from justice, no previous
bookings.

Wiltse, Scott W. - 35, Coeur d'Alene, rape, 11 previous bookings, five warrants.

Kindred, Brandon L. - 18, Pinehurst, two counts burglary, two counts grand
theft, two adult warrants.

Dutil-Mydland, Tenecia R. - 20, Coeur d'Alene, two counts manufacturing and
possession with the intent to deliver, driving under the influence of alcohol
and drugs, invalid driver's license, three previous bookings and warrants.

Wilson, Brian L. - 33, Coeur d'Alene, felony driving under the influence of
alcohol or drugs, nine previous bookings, eight warrants.

Harris, Dustin M. - 29, Hayden, aggravated battery, battery, no previous
bookings.

Pack, Melissa K. - 40, Coeur d'Alene, possession of a controlled substance,
possession of paraphernalia, driving with a suspended driver's license, driving
under the influence of alcohol or drugs, seven previous bookings, six warrants.

Smith, Matthew L. - 20, Coeur d'Alene, burglary, no previous bookings.

Corey, Philip H. - 51, Vancouver, Wash., possession of a controlled substance,
possession of paraphernalia, driving with a suspended driver's license, no
previous bookings.

Atkinson, Joshua D. - 20, Coeur d'Alene, possession of a controlled substance,
driving with a suspended license, possession of marijuana, minor in possession
of alcohol, possession of paraphernalia, 11 previous adult bookings, eight adult
warrants.

Sizemore, Shawn C. - 23, Coeur d'Alene, burglary, four previous bookings, three
warrants.

Blair, George C. Jr. - 22, Coeur d'Alene, failure to register as sex offender,
one previous booking.

Batten, Cynthia A. - 39, Coeur d'Alene, malicious injury to property, domestic
battery, no previous bookings.

White, Melody R. - 40, Coeur d'Alene, leaving the scene of an accident, failure
to give notice of accident, no previous bookings.

Oduane, Robert J. - 22, Coeur d'Alene, possession of a controlled substance, two
counts driving with a suspended driver's license, one previous booking.

Wilson, James L. - 50, Spokane, two counts forgery, grand theft, no previous
bookings.

Parker, Michael W. - 40, Plummer, parole violation, five previous bookings, one
warrant.

Nordby, Patricia J. - 55, Salt Lake City, co-op transport hold, no previous
bookings.

Daniels, Cecil G. - 41, Juliaetta, Idaho, co-op transport hold, no previous
bookings.

Heavyrunner, Karen A. - 62, Hot Springs, Mont., co-op transport hold, no
previous bookings.

Luton, Pamela C. - 44, Coeur d'Alene, possession of a controlled substance, 13
previous bookings, nine warrants.

Prewitt, Shawn D. - 31, Spokane, embezzlement by bailee, two previous bookings
and warrants.

Wood, James D. - 50, Coeur d'Alene, probation violation, 14 previous bookings,
four warrants.

Butler, Jarred L. - 20, St. Maries, manufacturing and possession with the intent
to deliver, giving false information to law enforcement, failure to appear,
three previous adult bookings.

Thomson, Lowell R. Jr. - 33, Post Falls, possession of a controlled substance,
probation violation, 23 previous bookings, 16 warrants.

Meyers, Vicki A. - 50, Post Falls, two counts manufacturing and possession with
the intent to deliver, one previous booking, two warrants.

Arreola Tovar, Luis A. - 21, Sandpoint, three counts failure to appear,
contempt, no previous bookings.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 12, 2001 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Overdose, Then Fall Caused Antley's Death

BYLINE: From News Services and Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 693 words


Jockey Chris Antley died of an overdose of multiple drugs and the injuries found
on his body probably were the result of a fall while under the influence, the
Los Angeles County coroner's office said yesterday.

Antley, a two-time Kentucky Derby winner, was found dead Dec. 2 in his Pasadena,
Calif., home. Police opened a homicide investigation because of the
circumstances, including what was described as severe trauma to his head.

"The lacerations were caused by him perhaps falling down and being under the
influence," coroner's spokesman Scott Carrier said. "No foul play is suspected
and the Pasadena Police Department concurs."

Police Cmdr. Mary Schander said the case has been reclassified as an accidental
death. "We are bringing closure to the case," she said.

Toxicology testing found evidence of four drugs in Antley's system, including
Clobenzorax, a weight-control drug not available in the United States;
methamphetamine, Tegretol, an anti-seizure medication; and Paxil, an
anti-depressant.

Antley, 34, had well-publicized struggles with his weight, substance abuse and
depression.

Hours after the toxicology reports were released, Antley's wife, Natalie Jowett,
gave birth to the couple's first child on the East Coast. She named the girl
Violet.

Golf

Justin Leonard carded a 6-under-par 67 to take a first-round lead at the
Mercedes Championships in Kapalua, Hawaii. Ernie Els is second, one stroke
behind. Five players shot 69 and defending champion Tiger Woods is tied with
nine players after shooting a 70. . . .

Tim Herron, Glen Day, Willie Wood, Kevin Sutherland, Geoff Ogilvy and Tim Clark
shot 5-under 67s to share the first-round lead at the Tucson Open.

Baseball

David Cone, who struggled to a 4-14 mark last season, left the New York Yankees
for their biggest rival.

Cone, 38, a 1994 Cy Young Award winner, signed a one-year contract with the
Boston Red Sox. The deal is not guaranteed, meaning Boston could release him
during spring training and owe him just termination pay. But if Cone makes the
roster and pitches regularly during the season, he could make between $ 4
million and $ 5 million. . . .

The Baltimore Orioles will hold their 2001 FanFest on Saturday from 9 a.m. to 8
p.m. at the Baltimore Convention Center. More than 20 Orioles, including Brady
Anderson and Albert Belle, and former Orioles, including Paul Blair and Boog
Powell, are scheduled to attend. Tickets are on sale at the Oriole Park box
office at 410-685-9800, online at www.theorioles.com and at the convention
center the day of the event.

Basketball

Barry Ackerley announced the sale of the Seattle SuperSonics to an investment
group headed by the founder of Starbucks coffee chain.

The Ackerley Group is selling the Sonics for $ 200 million to Howard Schultz and
four others. The deal also includes the WNBA's Seattle Storm. The sale is
expected to be final by the end of the first quarter of this year.

In addition to Schultz, the buyout group includes team president and general
manager Wally Walker. Schultz said the other investors will not be identified
until after the NBA Board of Governors approves the sale. The board's next
meeting is scheduled for March 29-30.

Broadcasting

Turner Broadcasting Systems sold its World Championship Wrestling operation for
an undisclosed amount to the founders of the Classic Sports Network.

Once the most popular TV wrestling brand, WCW lost an estimated $ 80 million
last year. It has lagged behind the rival World Wrestling Federation as
pay-per-view revenues and TV ratings slipped.

Soccer

Chris Albright scored on a header in the 55th minute to lead D.C. United to a
1-0 victory over Nacional de Tijuana in Tijuana, Mexico. It was the second of
three exhibitions for United leading to next week's CONCACAF Champions Cup. D.C.
will play the U.S. national team today in Chula Vista, Calif. . . .

Forwards Devin Barclay, 17, an Annapolis native who attended McDonogh High in
Baltimore, and Chris Carrieri, 20, a North Stafford High graduate who starred at
the University of North Carolina the past three seasons, signed with Major
League Soccer and will be available in the Feb. 5 draft.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 20, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Compressed Data;
Old-Line Law FirmLinks Up to the New Economy

BYLINE: By MATT RICHTEL

SECTION: Section C; Page 4; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 379 words


Anyone doubting the increasingly mainstream status of Internet start-ups need
only hear two words: Bob Dole.

The former senator and 1996 Republican presidential nominee offered the opening
remarks on Thursday evening at the coming-out party in Washington for
EqualFooting .com, a dot-com that plans to create an online marketplace where
small businesses would buy industrial supplies, like plumbing equipment and
hydraulic systems, from national distributors.

What has any of this to do with Mr. Dole?

He holds the title of special counsel at the powerhouse Washington law firm of
Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson & Hand. The firm represents EqualFooting
and is making e-commerce a new focus. Last Thursday's party came after the
firm's announcement earlier in the day that it was starting an Internet ventures
group.

In the 10 minutes or so that he spoke, Mr. Dole praised EqualFooting and
promoted the law firm's efforts to be part of the digital economy.

Indeed, the law firm's courtship of dot-coms demonstrates how little distance is
left between the high-technology world, once staunchly unwilling to cozy up to
Capitol Hill, and the inside-the-beltway elite, formerly dismissive of the
Internet's role in the economy.

Marla P. Grossman, former minority counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee and
now director of Verner Liipfert's Internet group, contends that her firm can
wield its influence in Washington to help Internet interests "use the resources
of Capitol Hill."

Technology companies "are realizing increasingly that Washington, D.C.'s
influence really extends across the nation and its influence has a direct and
significant impact on their bottom line," she said.

But while the old-style, old-economy law firm may know Capitol Hill, it may have
to come up to speed itself to be a player in the Internet world.

Ms. Grossman cited as one of the firm's dot-com accomplishments the fact that it
helped Angie Kim, the president of EqualFooting.com, get a speaking engagement
at an e-commerce conference held at Saginaw Valley State University in Michigan.
But just how much influence the law firm can exert may depend on whether it can
reach beyond the heartland in Saginaw Valley to the heart of Silicon Valley.
MATT RICHTEL


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Former Senator Bob Dole and Reed E. Hundt, former chairman of
the Federal Communications Commission, wait to speak at Washington's Union
Station. (Marty Katz for The New York Times)


                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                              June 17, 1999, FINAL

Coming next; return to luxury: Four connoisseurs of cool forecast the next hot
look

BYLINE: Anne D'Innocenzio

SECTION: Fashion; E4

LENGTH: 1066 words


Attention, fashion firms that are still showing baggy pants: Hip-hop style has
moved on. Oversized clothes from head to toe are out.

Try a more tailored look. That's the consensus of four New York-based trend
spotters -- Jane Rinzler Buckingham, president of Youth Intelligence; Liz
DiPilli, director of Project X; Haysun Hahn, director of Bureau de Style; and
Andy Hilfiger, vice president of public relations for Tommy Jeans -- who were
asked what will be hot over the next two years not only in fashion, but in
music, which is playing an increased role in design inspiration.

These connoisseurs of cool talked about emerging cultural trends and offered
some specifics on where the colour palette is heading.

They also indicated that the relentless advance of technology was a motivating
factor in a growing interest in clothes that offer the kind of craftsmanship
associated with a simpler age.

Here are some of their predictions:

- - -

Liz DiPilli, Project X, which tracks trends among 14-to 29-year-olds:

Ms. DiPilli, whose past and current clients include RJR Reynolds, Reebok and
Conde Nast, said she tracks styles in cities such as New York, Miami, San
Francisco, London and Paris. ''We are seeing a more structured look,'' she said.
''This whole baggy clothes look is fading fast.''

Cargo pants, for example, are getting slimmer. Another trend Ms. DiPilli
believes is getting stronger is an interest in handmade looks.

''Fabric bags made in velvet, corduroy or denim are becoming more important,''
she said. ''Overall, there's an interest in anything embroidered or anything
that has beadwork.''

Ms. DiPilli said that consumers' interest in the environment, together with a
continued longing for spirituality, is only going to get stronger.

She sees an increased interest in world music, whether French, Afro-Caribbean or
Eastern European. Hip-hop, she said, continues to be a powerful force, but it is
starting to break out into different strains.

''There's salsa hip-hop, Afro-Caribbean hip-hop,'' she said. ''You will start
seeing it further fracture.''

- - -

Jane Rinzler Buckingham, president, Youth Intelligence, which advises such
clients as Coca-Cola, MTV, Polo Jeans, Chanel and Sprint.

Ms. Buckingham scours the streets of New York, as well as college towns such as
Austin, Texas; Boulder, Colo.; Burlington, Vt.; and Chapel Hill, N.C.

Ms. Buckingham believes fashion trends will be coming out of South Africa and
China, to where there is now increased access.

''I can see people getting inspired by accessories from China,'' she said.

With the growth of Internet technology, Ms. Buckingham believes that those very
same young people who are plugging in to cyberspace want to ''counterbalance''
it by wearing fashions that are or feel custom-made.

''The Internet is so impersonal,'' she said. ''It is driven by speed and
function. It is not like they are going to walk away from technology, but there
is a real interest in luxury fabrics. There's an interest in special details, in
craftsmanship, in beading.''

- - -

Haysun Hahn, director of Bureau de Style, which tracks trends for a diverse list
of companies, from Escada to Samsung:

Much of the '90s has been about developing a democratic individual style, mixing
a Prada handbag with a tank from Kmart, for example.

Now, Ms. Hahn sees the emergence of a class of ''elite snobs,'' who buy only the
top designer brands and won't dream of mixing status brands with cheaper ones.

''They are the absolute design victims. They wear only Prada and other designs
-- even for just comfort,'' she said.

This trend, she said, started about a year and a half ago, when some of the top
designers, such as Prada, Gucci and Donna Karan, went after utilitarian looks,
serving up $1,000 hooded zip-front jackets in luxurious cashmere, or
rubber-soled shoes that sell for $270.

Then, of course, there are the Gucci denim jeans with holes that retail for more
than $1,000.

''In the past, we had an idea that a pair of khaki pants or a T- shirt had a
specific value,'' Ms. Hahn said. ''But not any more.''

The opposite of the ''elite snob'' class is what Ms. Hahn calls ''the celebrity,
media-conscious'' type who prefers glitzier makeup, bright colours, and wants to
look sexy.

''They are the big fans of Spice Girls and Jerry Springer's show,'' she said.
''They are into clothes that make you sexy. They are not into the design of the
clothes.''

As for specific trends, Ms. Hahn sees a growing importance in clothes that shape
the body, such as the carryalls that wrap around the body.

She also sees a continued interest in necklines and believes styles such as
cowlnecks will be important over the next two years.

''It used to be about the midriff,'' she said. ''Now, it has moved up.''

- - -

Andy Hilfiger, vice president of public relations at Tommy Jeans, whose job is
to develop alliances with music stars:

Mr. Hilfiger's favourite New York hangouts are Sway, a club on Greenwich Street,
and Nell's, on West 14th Street, which features hip-hop music on Sunday nights.
He believes the connection between music and fashion will grow even stronger.

''Next year, you will see more and more musicians aligning with clothing
companies.''

Tommy Jeans, which sponsored the Rolling Stones' ''No Security'' tour, has plans
to design special stage gear for Britney Spears.

As reported, Tommy Girl, produced under licence by Estee Lauder's Aramis
division, is one of the sponsors of the Lilith Fair.

Mr. Hilfiger described the latest music scene, featuring such stars as Ms.
Spears, Backstreet Boys and N-Sync who are inspired by R&B, as ''hip pop.''

As for hip-hop fashions, Mr. Hilfiger pointed out that the trend is not about
having a complete baggy look.

''It is about either having a tight top and a loose bottom, or vice versa,'' he
said. ''The future is mixing a T-shirt with designer collection pants.''

He also pointed to the trend of mixing athletic wear with fashion, citing
athletic nylon basketball pants with cropped leather jackets.

Mr. Hilfiger believes the fashion industry's interest in the American rock scene
of decades ago is only going to get stronger.

''Designers are looking at rock 'n' roll groups of the '60s and '70s, and
recreating it for the '90s,'' he said.

This article first appeared in W magazine.


LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Black & White Photo: Interest will move from the midriff to the
neckline, with cowls becoming an important look. Embroidery, beadwork, luxurious
fabrics and the influence of China will be dominant. ; Black & White Photo:
Interest will move from the midriff to the neckline, with cowls becoming an
important look. Embroidery, beadwork, luxurious fabrics and the influence of
China will be dominant. ; Black & White Photo: Interest will move from the
midriff to the neckline, with cowls becoming an important look. Embroidery,
beadwork, luxurious fabrics and the influence of China will be dominant.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            December 8, 2006 Friday
                                 First Edition

Riding high up north;
MUSIC

BYLINE: ANTHONY CAREW

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT GUIDE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 428 words


BAND of Horses were born in Seattle but the Pacific North-west isn't their
homeland. "I totally consider myself a Southerner - a proud Southerner,"
frontman Ben Bridwell attests, in an accent long-faded after 11 years living in
grunge city.

The 28-year-old grew up in tiny Irmo, South Carolina, and considers his
upbringing a lingering presence in Band of Horses' debut album Everything All
the Time.

"In the South-East of the United States, we have a different feel about
ourselves," Bridwell says. "That Southern-rock thing that seems so outwardly
American, like how John Cougar Mellencamp sounds distinctly American. That's
what I grew up with, on the radio."

The combination of that Southern-rock influence, a predilection for heavy reverb
and Bridwell's vocal similarity to Jim James has Band of Horses sounding, quite
eerily at times, like Kentucky-bred combo My Morning Jacket. It's a comparison
Bridwell has heard before.

"All the time!" he says, "but different people will swear that I sound exactly
like somebody all the time. At the time I was writing (the first album), maybe
past influences could have been a little overbearing. But, at the same time, all
the people we get compared to in that way, are all people I admire, so I can't
take those things as negative."

And who are all these people? The Flaming Lips? Mercury Rev? Neil Young? "Yep,
yep, and yep," Bridwell says. " Sometimes I get the Beach Boys, of all people.
Everyone seems to have a different opinion of who we sound exactly like."

So, who was Bridwell actually listening to? "A lot of Slowdive, and My Bloody
Valentine, those 'shoe-gazer' type bands. Because of my lack of guitar skill,
the songs were written with a lot of effects, a lot of reverb and delay."

If Bridwell lacked expertise and skill, it was simply because he'd only just
picked up the guitar. Sure he'd spent nine years in Carissa's Wierd, an
indie-rock outfit in which he played bass, then drums but it wasn't until the
group split, in 2004, that Bridwell began making his own music.

He says his progression from tub-thumper to songwriter was slow and frustrating.
Yet, after six "hard" months, he'd assembled a band and found a home at Sub Pop
records.

While Bridwell remains uncertain of his achievements with Everything All the
Time, its fond critical reception - My Morning Jacket comparisons aside - has
him dreaming bigger for the next Band of Horses album. "I want it to be the best
record that anyone's ever heard!" he says, without a trace of irony. "I'm going
to do everything in my power to make it that." -- ANTHONY CAREW

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Seattle's Band of Horses are proud of their Southern rock
influences.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 30, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

ENTERTAINING OF 2 F.D.A. AIDES SCRUTINIZED

BYLINE: By A.O. SULZBERGER Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 2; Page 30, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 29


A small Maryland company that produces solutions used to clean soft contact
lenses spent approximately $9,000 over five years to entertain two Government
regulators whose decisions affected the industry as a whole and the company in
particular, Congressional investigators testified today.

The relationship between the management of the concern, Burton, Parsons &
Company, and the regulators has been the subject of an investigation by the
Oversight and Investigations subcommittee of the House Committee on Energy and
Commerce. Details were described by subcommittee staff members in hearings
today.

One key decision apparently influenced by the regulators effectively removed
from the market a less expensive lens-cleaning process made by competitors of
Burton, Parsons; this decision might have cost the public $200 million a year,
according to the subcommittee staff, but other estimates run as low as tens of
millions.

In addition, the regulatory decisions, taken in the late 1970's, apparently
permitted Burton, Parsons to gain a virtual monopoly in its field.

The Degree of Influence

The question being investigated by the House subcommittee is to what degree
these meetings and expenditures might have influenced the decision to remove the
less expensive disinfectant from the market.

The regulators involved were Mary Bruch, a microbiologist, and Dr.  Arnauld
Scafidi, an ophthalmologist, from the Bureau of Anti-Infective Drugs at the Food
and Drug Administration.  Subcommittee documents describe them as F.D.A.'s
experts on contact-lens products, with the responsiblility of analyzing
applications for new products and recommending agency approval or disapproval.

Mrs. Bruch and Dr. Scafidi were wined and dined not only in Washington, but also
in New Orleans, New York, Las Vegas, Nev., and Paris, according to records
assembled by the subcommittee staff.  Burton, Parsons also took one of the
regulators to horse-racing tracks on almost a dozen occasions, witnesses at
today's hearing said.

Now Controlled by Nestle

Former employees of the company, now owned by Alcon Laboratories, a Texas-based
subsidiary of Nestle S.A. of Switzerland, testified under oath that the company
had approved of the entertainment for the two regulators. But they denied any
attempt to bribe the two or to ''influence'' their decision whether to ban the
other system, which uses salt tablets. That ban, made in 1978, has since been
lifted.

The company's former managers also testified, denying anything more then the
appearance of impropriety.  ''We never sought to influence F.D.A.'s decision to
ban salt tablets in 1978,'' said John A. Manfuso Jr., who, with his brother
Robert T. Manfuso, ran the company until its sale in August 1979.  They now
serve as consultants.

The ban on salt tablets, which could be mixed at home to make a cleansing
solution, made the Burton, Parsons products the major and perhaps the only ones
on the market approved by the F.D.A. These products include Boil N' Soak, Normol
and Flexsol,

Higher Costs for Chemicals

The Burton, Parsons chemical products cost an average user $40 to $100 a year;
in contrast, use of the salt tablets would cost about $10.

''It looks like bribery,'' said Representative Bob Whittaker, a Kansas
Republican.  But Mr. Manfuso denied that his company had sought the ban or had
benefited significantly from it. Rather, he testified, the business and social
contacts with Mrs. Bruch and Dr. Scafidi arose ''from the fact that our industry
was subject to pervasive Government regulation.''

''We accept the fact that some contacts with Government officials may give rise
to appearances of impropriety, and that we were not sufficiently sensitive to
the problem,'' he said.

But one former employee, John E. Bryer, testified that when Mrs.  Bruch was
taken to the track, bets were placed for her that allowed her always to be a
winner. This was done, he said, by placing bets on all the horses and then
handing her the winning ticket.

This testimony was challenged by another former employee, Keith Whitham, who
said Mr. Bryer was either a liar or had a faulty memory.  In an interview with
Mr. Whitham conducted last April by staff members, he is quoted as saying it was
the company's objective ''to influence'' Mrs. Bruch. ''I tried to influence her
on salt tablets,'' he said then.

Confronted with this today, Mr. Whitham backed away from that statement, saying
there was no such company policy and that he had simply been trying to
''educate'' her. ''I have mixed feelings about it now,'' he said. ''I didn't at
the time. I guess it was a little unethical.''

The hearings will continue Tuesday. The F.D.A. officials, who have refused so
far to discuss the matter, are expected to testify.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           October 4, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Sports Briefs

BYLINE: Windsor Star and News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Briefs; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 682  words


NASH'S SOCCER INFLUENCE One of the NBA's most creative players thinks basketball
can learn something from the "beautiful game." "For me, I'm heavily influenced
in soccer," Canadian Steve Nash said Tuesday in Treviso, Italy, where the
Phoenix Suns are holding their training camp. "You see it a lot in international
players the influence soccer has had."

BROWN HEARING It's now up to NBA commissioner David Stern to decide if former
Detroit Pistons coach Larry Brown is entitled to the remainder of his salary
from the New York Knicks. The fired New York coach wrapped up a second day of
hearings at the NBA offices Tuesday.

LIONS GAME COULD BE RESCHEDULED The Minnesota Vikings will move their game
against Detroit from Sunday to Monday night if the Minnesota Twins and Oakland
Athletics go to a fifth game in their first-round baseball playoff series. The
Vikings-Lions game is scheduled for Sunday at 1 p.m. at the Metrodome, but Game
5 of the Twins-A's series would also be Sunday at the Metrodome.

HAYNESWORTH SAYS SORRY Albert Haynes-worth finally got the chance Tuesday to
apologize personally to Dallas centre Andre Gurode, whose face he tore open with
his cleat. After spending much of the day getting nothing but unanswered rings
and a full voice mail box, the Tennessee Titans defensive tackle connected late
in the afternoon with Gurode.

FENCING LOSS Sherraine MacKay of Brooks, Alta., a bronze medallist a year ago,
finished a disappointing 17th in the women's epee at the world fencing
championships Tuesday. in Turin, Italy. MacKay, who was fighting illness and a
groin injury, lost 15-13 to Tiffany Geroudet of Switzerland in the second round.

FALDO WITH CBS Nick Faldo joined CBS Sports as its lead golf analyst Tuesday,
giving him more air time than any other golf broadcaster but a job that will
keep him from playing in the Masters. "I will be in the tower at Augusta for the
whole week," he said. "I will not be playing, and that was a major part of my
decision. I view this as a fabulous opportunity for me, which may come once
every 10 years. But it will seriously curtail my playing career. My playing days
aren't completely over, but my priority now is given to CBS."

CANADIAN DANCEVIC OUSTED Unseeded Canadian Frank Dancevic was beaten 6-2, 6-1 by
10th seed Tim Henman Tuesday in the second round of the $765US,000 men's portion
of the Japan Open in Tokyo.

INTER MILAN OWNER INTERROGATED The owner of Inter Milan was questioned for two
hours Tuesday amid accusations his team requested wiretaps that helped uncover
the Italian game-fixing scandal. Massimo Moratti, who has denied the
allegations, met with Italian soccer federation lead investigator Francesco
Saverio Borrelli.

BECKENBAUER APOLOGIZES Franz Beckenbauer apologized for the confusion
surrounding his comments about South Africa's ability to host the 2010 World
Cup. Beckenbauer, head of the organizing committee of this summer's World Cup,
caused a stir last month when he reportedly said the tournament, the first to be
held in Africa, was "beset by big problems."

CROSS-COUNTRY RESULTS Valerie Christie of Lambton High School placed first in
the girls' senior 5-km run with a time of 19 minutes, 42 seconds at the Thrill
on the Hill high school cross-country meet hosted by the Lancers Tuesday.
Massey's Phil Robson placed first in the boys' senior 7 km with a time of
24:37.5 seconds. In the junior division, Daryl Smith (Massey) placed first in
boys' 6 km. Holly Benson (Brennan) finished first in girls' 4 km. In the midget
divisions, Zainab Baydoun's (Massey) and Luke Sprague (Holy Names) captured the
honours in girls 3-km and boys' 5 km respectively.

ESSEX 4 ALVINSTON 1 With two goals, R.J. Hotts led Essex to a 4-1 victory
against Alvinston in Junior C hockey action Tuesday night. Chris Warren and
Tanner Gallant each added one. Alex McDonald had the lone goal for Alvinston.

BRENNAN, SANDWICH CHAMPS Brennan won the senior division of the St. Anne
volleyball tournament Saturday, defeating the host school 2-1 (23-25, 25-13,
15-9) in the final. Sandwich took the junior title Friday, beating Brennan 2-1.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Getty Images; AFP; HEAD ON: The Netherlands' Minke Smabers, right, fights
for the ball with China's Li Hong Xia during a Women's World Cup field hockey
game Tuesday in Madrid. The Netherlands won 6-1. ;
Photo: Nick Faldo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

LinkedIn Corporation (California) applies for US Patent titled as "INFLUENCE MAP
GENERATOR MACHINE"

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160378882 for US Patent, published on December 29, 2016, by
LinkedIn Corporation (California), titled as "INFLUENCE MAP GENERATOR MACHINE"
for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Rodriguez; Mario Sergio; (Santa Clara, CA) ; Alemzadeh; Milad; (San
Francisco, CA) ; Perisic; Igor; (San Mateo, CA)

Applicant: LinkedIn Corporation   Mountain View   CA (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A map
generator machine generates influence maps based on profiles of entities, such
as members of an online social networking service. The entities can be treated
as nodes within a social graph, and each node may be represented by a
corresponding node profile. The machine is configured to access a database of
node profiles and rank the nodes according to seniority information contained in
the node profiles. The machine is further configured to group nodes into
clusters based on skill similarity based on skill descriptors included in their
corresponding node profiles. The machine is also configured to generate one or
more maps to depict one or more the subsets of the nodes. As generated, such a
map is a graphical presentation of at least some of the nodes of the social
graph, and the map may be generated with visual indicators of seniority and
skill similarity."


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 14, 2016 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pictures can be worth more than a thousand words to voters

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 510 words


A mishmash of voices and music blaring from video screens compete for attention
inside a new art exhibit in Ohio that looks at the images and sounds of
presidential campaign television ads.

In another show near New York City that explores how photos affect voters,
snapshots of John Kennedy greeting supporters are mixed with selfies of
candidates with celebrities and "regular people."

Whether the images are from grainy black-and-white videos or colorful Instagram
posts, there's no question they've all affected the way Americans choose who
lives in the White House.

The election year exhibit at the Toledo Museum of Art provides a glimpse into
how campaigns use ads to sway opinions and capture votes through four emotions:
hope, pride, fear and anger.

"This is about lifting the veil on the persuasive techniques that politicians
use to influence you," said Harriett Levin Balkind, a co-curator of the show.

And those tricks and techniques are done with our emotions in mind, she said.

That's because researchers have found voters tend to make choices based on
feelings more than the issues, said Balkind, founder of HonestAds, a New York
City nonpartisan group that deciphers political ads.

The exhibit, called "I Approve This Message," features miniature theaters
showing the evolution of presidential ads on television, beginning with the
first commercials in 1952 up through the 2012 election.

The clips include Dwight Eisenhower's cartoonish "I Like Ike" commercial from
1952, President Ronald Reagan's uplifting "Morning in America" in 1984 and
President Lyndon B. Johnson's "Daisy Girl" from 1964 that warns of nuclear
holocaust.

The LBJ ad, in which a girl's innocent counting of daisy petals morphs into a
countdown to a nuclear explosion, aired just once as a paid ad, but was shown
many more times in news reports. "I think of that as the first viral ad,"
Balkind said.

There are some obscure ads featured, too. One shows Jacqueline Kennedy speaking
in Spanish during her husband's 1960 campaign.

What stands out is how themes are often repeated - Eisenhower was the "The Man
from Abilene" in 1956; Bill Clinton "The Man from Hope" in 1992.

Organizers of the exhibit - open now through Election Day on Nov. 8 - made sure
each exhibit features an equal number of commercials from both parties, said
Adam Levine, the Toledo museum's associate director who's also the show's
co-curator.

"This is not an exhibition about politics," he said. "It's about voters."

The exhibit on presidential images by the International Center of Photography in
Southampton, N.Y., comes at a moment as technologically historic as Johanness
Gutenberg's invention of the printing press in the 1400s, said Mark Lubell, the
center's executive director.

Part of the exhibit, "Winning The White House: From Press Prints to Selfies,"
shows examples of how a new form of communication can influence society, in this
case choosing a president, Lubell said.

"The world was a much different place before the printing press than after and I
think we are now living through that same moment," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - In this September 13, 1988 file photo, Democratic Presidential
candidate Michael Dukakis gets a ride in one of General Dynamics' new M1-A-1
battle tanks at the company in Sterling Heights, Mi. This photo will be included
in the International Center of Photography's show in Long Island, New York,
exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F. Kennedy to Barack
Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/Michael E. Samojeden, File)  FILE - In this
July 27, 2016 file photo, Jennifer Pitta shows off a tattoo of Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump during a campaign rally at Lackawanna
College, in Scranton, Pa. This photo will be included in the International
Center of Photography's show in Long Island, New York, exploring how photos
affect voters, from snapshots of John F. Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope"
poster. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, file)  FILE - In this June 3, 1992 file photo,
Bill Clinton, plays the saxophone during a campaign stop on "The Arsenio Hall
Show" in Los Angeles as host Arsenio Hall stands by. This photo will be included
in the International Center of Photography's show in Long Island, New York,
exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F. Kennedy to Barack
Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon, File)  In this July 28, 2016 photo,
a visitor looks at an exhibit on political campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in
Toledo, Ohio. The exhibit, which runs through Election Day, looks at how
campaigns use emotions such as hope and fear to influence voters through
advertising. (AP Photo/John Seewer)  In this July 28, 2016 photo, visitors view
an exhibit on political campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in Toledo, Ohio. The
exhibit, which runs through Election Day, looks at how campaigns use emotions
such as hope and fear to influence voters through advertising. (AP Photo/John
Seewer)  In this July 28, 2016 photo, a sign explains an exhibit on political
campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in Toledo, Ohio. The exhibit, which runs
through Election Day, looks at how campaigns use emotions such as hope and fear
to influence voters through advertising. (AP Photo/John Seewer)  In this
Wednesday, July 13, 2016 photo, Adam Levine and Harriett Levin Balkind,
co-curators of an art exhibit on political campaign ads, pose in front of a
video screen at the Toledo Museum of Art in Toledo, Ohio. The show looks at how
campaigns use emotions such as hope and fear to influence voters through
advertising. (AP Photo/John Seewer)  In this July 28, 2016 photo, visitors view
an exhibit on political campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in Toledo, Ohio. The
exhibit, which runs through Election Day, looks at how campaigns use emotions
such as hope and fear to influence voters through advertising. (AP Photo/John
Seewer)  FILE - In this Oct. 16, 1992 file photo Ross Perot is shown on a screen
in a paid 30-minute television commercial, during a media preview in Dallas. The
image will be included in the International Center of Photography's exhibit in
Long Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters. (AP Photo, File)
FILE - Aug. 1, 1972 fie photo, following a three-hour long closed meeting in
Washington,, Sen. Thomas Eagleton, left, and Sen. George McGovern, right, head
in different directions, after McGovern announced that Eagleton was stepping
down as his vice presidential running mate. Two new photo exhibits running until
Election Day show how images and video sway opinions and capture votes. This
photo will be included in the International Center of Photography's show in Long
Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F.
Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo, File)  FILE - In this July
28, 2016 file photo, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her
running mate Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va.,
celebrate in a sea of falling balloons during the final day of the Democratic
National Convention in Philadelphia. Two new photo exhibits running until
Election Day show how images and video sway opinions and capture votes. This
photo will be included in the International Center of Photography's show in Long
Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F.
Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
FILE - In this July 20, 2016 file photo, Republican presidential candidate
Donald Trump, points toward Republican vice presidential candidate Indiana Gov.
Mike Pence after Pence's acceptance speech during the third day session of the
Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Two new photo exhibits running
until Election Day show how images and video sway opinions and capture votes.
This photo will be included in the International Center of Photography's show in
Long Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of
John F. Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Johnny Doc: Man of influence and contradictions

BYLINE: By Chris Brennan; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: front_page; P-com News; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 858 words


John J. Dougherty walks a line of contradiction, as ready to mix it up in a
street brawl as he is to mingle with the region's political elite.

Hailed as "Johnny Doc" in his South Philadelphia neighborhood of Pennsport,
Dougherty is a tough-talking union leader who in January traded punches with a
nonunion contractor.

The same Dougherty sponsored a series of big-name breakfasts at a restaurant on
Broad Street - attended by members of the U.S. House and Senate - during the
Democratic National Convention.

Now Dougherty, 56, and the union he has built into a political powerhouse, Local
98 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, are under federal
investigation. Again.

Dougherty's influence, built on his union's campaign largesse, now stretches
from City Hall to Harrisburg to to Washington, D.C.

The grandson of an eight-term state representative, Dougherty came up through
St. Joseph's Preparatory School with peers who include former Mayor Michael
Nutter and Mayor Kenney.

He graduated in 1978. College followed, but didn't stick for him.

Dougherty, with a new wife and daughter, dropped out of La Salle College and
took a job as an apprentice for Local 98, starting his long climb in union
politics.

Dougherty took control of the union as its business manager in 1993. He turned
the electricians into one of the most powerful political entities in the region,
supporting candidates for City Council and Congress with union funds and
manpower.

Dougherty aligned himself politically with John F. Street, who as mayor
appointed Dougherty chairman of the Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority,
greatly expanding his influence.

Along the way, Dougherty encouraged a small entourage of political apprentices,
who used Local 98 as a launching pad for their own endeavors.

One was the union's political director, Bobby Henon, who now serves as majority
leader for City Council. Federal agents raided Henon's City Hall and district
offices Friday, too.

Dougherty is coming off his biggest year yet. Last fall, with the union's
backing, Dougherty's younger brother, Kevin, was elected to the state Supreme
Court; Kenney, a childhood friend, became mayor.

Dougherty gathered building trades unions to form Building a Better
Pennsylvania, an "independent expenditure organization" that helped propel
Brendan Boyle to the U.S. House in 2014. The group also raised more than $1
million to support Kenney in 2015.

Dougherty has spoken in the last year of "downsizing" his political ambitions,
even as his field of influence flourished.

He ended his union's lavish Friday night party last year at Pennsylvania
Society, the state's political soiree in Manhattan every December. That same
month, he took over leadership of the Philadelphia Building and Constructions
Trades Council, which represents nearly 40 unions in the city and surrounding
suburbs.

Dougherty, part of the local cheerleading crew that lured the DNC to
Philadelphia, vowed during the convention to deliver the "white 50-year-old
labor guy" vote for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.

"I'm going to work my butt off to make sure she gets every vote she deserves,"
Dougherty said.

A former Democratic ward leader, Dougherty sometimes crosses the aisle to
support Republican candidates as well. Former Gov. Tom Corbett and former U.S.
Sen. Rick Santorum were beneficiaries.

And he adjusts to losing bets. Local 98 supported former U.S. Rep. Allyson Y.
Schwartz in the 2014 Democratic primary for governor, but easily shifted
allegiance to Tom Wolf after he prevailed in that race.

Friday's raid was not the first for Dougherty. Federal agents searched his home
a decade ago, but never charged him with a crime.

That same year, he was forced out of the post as treasurer for the Democratic
City Committee.

While his union pushed a "Draft Johnny Doc" campaign before the 2007 race for
mayor, Dougherty ruled out a run. Instead, he ran in 2008 for a state Senate
seat that opened when its holder, Vincent J. Fumo, was indicted on, and later
convicted for, corruption charges.

Fumo backed the winner, Larry Farnese, who is now seeking a third term despite
being indicted in March on federal corruption charges.

brennac@phillynews.com

215-854-5973

@ByChrisBrennan

NOTE: An earlier version of this article incorrectly identified locations
associated with City Councilman Bobby Henon that were raided Friday by federal
agents. Those agents searched Henon's City Hall and district offices.

FBI searches target electricians union, Johnny Doc, Councilman Bobby Henon

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/20160806_Searches_target_electricians
_union__Johnny_Doc.html

Where powerful Local 98 spent its millions: Health benefits, political donations
- and Eagles tickets

http://www.philly.com/philly/business/labor_and_unions/20160807_Where_powerful_L
ocal_98_spent_its_millions__health_benefits__political_donations_-_and_Eagles_ti
ckets.html

The connections of John Dougherty

http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/real-time/The-connections-of-John-Dougherty.h
tml

Archive: FBI document outlines Dougherty probe

http://www.philly.com/philly/news/Archive_FBI_document_outlines_Dougherty_probe.
html

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: CHARLES FOX / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Niagara This Week - St. Catharines

                             April 13, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Mel Monaco celebrating release of new CD

SECTION: WHATSON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 602  words


Mel Monaco loves to command the stage much like her musical influences, and this
month she'll be doing that several times leading up to the release of her new
CD.

The 25-year-old singer and songwriter from St. Catharines is inviting
music-lovers to attend the public release of her new CD, These Are Just
Suggestions, at Hernder Estate Wines in St. Catharines, April 26 from 1 to 4
p.m.

"It think it really is going to be a great show and it's an awesome venue," said
Monaco. "I'm really excited to share the music with a lot of people who have
been waiting for it."

The seven-track album features Monaco's self-described "bluesy, jazzy, pop"
sound delivered through varied and one-of-a-kind compilations.

"The whole album does have that general blues, pop feel to it just because of
how I sing and the instrument I wrote the songs on. But there are some other
influences and genres in there," she said.

The release is open to anyone; tickets cost $30 and include an autographed,
limited-edition album, food, a drink ticket and the live performance.

Monaco says she draws her musical influence from powerful female vocalists such
as Amy Winehouse, Adele, Lorde and Nina Simone.

"I love these female vocalists who just command the stage, and for me it's
empowering so that's a huge musical influence for me," she explains.

She enjoys travelling to gain inspiration from her experiences and the people
she meets, so in February 2012, she travelled to Memphis, Tenn. for the
International Blues Challenge. She did not compete but took to some of the
famous stages on Beale St., Memphis' famous entertainment district.

"There were certain bars that may have not been partaking on that certain day so
they would open up the stage for people to just come up and play, jam, there
were a lot of jam sessions going on," Monaco said.

Monaco released her first EP, Anything Goes..., in July 2012 and released her
first unplugged music video for her song "Like an Ocean", in January 2014. She
followed this with the release of her single "And Baby", accompanied by a
full-length music video in July 2014.

Later in 2014, she travelled to Nashville, Tenn. to record her original music
accompanied by multi-instrumentalists John Heinrich and Phil Valdez.

"To have these guys who have worked with amazing musicians before be like
'awesome song, it's great' and you're like 'wow, thanks.' So that was pretty
awesome," she said.

The result was the September 2014 release of "Cupid" from her upcoming album,
with a complementing music video released in November 2014.

On Nov. 28, 2014, Monaco showed her charitable side when she held a live concert
featuring songs from her album Anything Goes... during a charity event to
support Community Care St. Catharines.

"It's always important to give back. You have to give as much as you receive if
not more. I had a great time working with Community Care, it was really a great
cause," she said.

For those who cannot wait until her CD release, Monaco will be performing at the
Kilt and Clover in Beamsville on April 9, the Kilt and Clover in St. Catharines
on April 10, Chop House Burger Bar in St. Catharines on April 17 and the
Merchant Ale House in St. Catharines on April 19. Additional performance dates
can be found on her website, melmonaco.com.

Tracks on the new album are; "Single Again," "From the Mistakes," "My Eyes,"
"Cupid," "The Truth," "Soul Survivor," and an acoustic version of "Single
Again."

Monaco will also be on Giant FM for radio interviews on April 14, 21 and 25 and
submitted "Cupid" to CBC Searchlight, which is looking for the next
up-and-coming musician. People can vote daily.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2015
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

POLICE BEAT: Burglar nabbed in San Carlos

BYLINE: Daily News Staff Report

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; Los Gatos; News; Local

LENGTH: 452 words


Items selected are from the daily police logs of the cities listed below. Times
shown are when the incidents were reported to the police.

Palo Alto

Saturday

200 block of University Avenue, 12:01

a.m.: A 53-year-old San Jose man was cited for drinking in public.

University Avenue and High Street, 12:33

a.m.: A 40-year-old Burbank man was cited for driving under the influence.

400 block of Ramona Street, 2:39

a.m.: A 25-year-old Seattle, Wash., woman was cited for driving under the
influence.

Embarcadero Road and West Bayshore Road, 11:22

p.m.: An 18-year-old San Mateo man was cited for possessing alcohol.

Sunday

El Camino Real and University Avenue, 3:08

a.m.: A 22-year-old San Jose man was cited for driving under the influence.

800 block of Arroyo Court, 11:15

a.m.: Identity theft was reported.

3500 block of Greer Road, 9:17

p.m.: A residence was burglarized.

Monday

500 block of Middlefield Road, 1:53

a.m.: A Sunnyvale resident was cited for driving under the influence.

Stanford Shopping Center on El Camino Real, 12:38

p.m.: A vehicle was burglarized.

400 block of Bryant Street, 2:57

p.m.: A 39-year-old transient man was arrested for public drunkenness.

Mountain View

Monday

100 block of Calderon Avenue, 12:52

p.m.: A vehicle was burglarized.

San Carlos

Saturday

First block of Shoreway Road, 11:17

a.m.: A 32-year-old Hayward man was arrested for commercial burglary, evading a
police officer, vandalism, resisting arrest and receiving stolen property.

Menlo Park

Monday

Newbridge Street and Jervis Avenue, East Palo Alto, 12:25

a.m.: A 54-year-old Menlo Park man and a 40-year-old East Palo Alto man were
arrested for being under the influence of drugs. A 53-year-old man was also
arrested for being under the influence of drugs and possessing drug
paraphernalia.

900 block of San Mateo Drive, 11:25

a.m.: Annoying phone calls were reported.

Santa Cruz Avenue and Elder Avenue, 11:28

a.m.: An iPad was stolen.

100 block of Buckthorn Way, 11:31

a.m.: Annoying phone calls were reported.

1900 block of Menalto Avenue, 11:37

a.m.: A package was stolen.

1600 block of Valparaiso Avenue, 1:02

p.m.: A vehicle struck and injured a dog.

300 block of Sharon Park Drive, 8:47

p.m.: A 73-year-old man was cited for public drunkenness.

Tuesday

El Camino Real and Roble Avenue, 6:25 a.m.: A car accident occurred but no one
was injured.

900 block of Olive Street, 11:49 a.m.: Fraud was reported.

400 block of El Camino Real, 12:28 p.m.: A 61-year-old man was cited for
possessing marijuana.

First block of Henderson Place, 12:55 p.m.: A person repored receiving a
suspicious letter.

1200 block of Sevier Avenue, 2:36 p.m.: A 52-year-old man was cited for being
under the influence of drugs.

700 block of El Camino Real, 6:25 p.m.: A hit-and-run accident occurred.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Fremont: Marine lance corporal identified as victim struck by possible drunken
driver

BYLINE: By Natalie Neysa Alund Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 416 words


FREMONT -- An Emeryville man was arrested on suspicion of driving under the
influence early Tuesday morning after he struck and killed a U.S. Marine who had
returned from Afghanistan only last month, authorities said.

The motorcyclist was later identified as Lance Cpl. Andrew Silva, 23, a Union
City resident who had just returned from overseas. Silva was married with a
young son, according to a family friend.

About 1:10 a.m., an employee at a Taco Bell located about a mile south of the
crash scene called police to report a drive-thru customer who appeared to be
belligerent and under the influence, police spokeswoman Geneva Bosques said.

At one point during their interaction, the customer attempted to pay for food
with a medical card, Bosques said. A description of the customer's vehicle -- a
light blue Mini Cooper -- was sent to police. One officer driving south on
Fremont Boulevard saw the car driving at a high speed in the opposite direction,
Bosques said.

The officer made a U-turn and initiated a traffic stop on the Mini Cooper but it
failed to yield and continued traveling north on Fremont Boulevard, she said.
The Mini Cooper then struck a motorcycle on the road, slammed into a utility
pole and fence, and burst into flames at Fremont Boulevard and Decoto Road,
police said.

Officers said Silva was thrown from the bike, which ended up in the parking lot
of the Fremont Bank. Silva was pronounced dead at the scene.

South San Francisco resident Luis Masis, a longtime friend of the Silva family,
said his son served in the Marine Corps with Silva and that he'd just returned
from Afghanistan in February.

"We're very upset," Masis said. "He was very family oriented. A good dad and
good husband."

Silva was married, Masis said; the couple has a two-year-old son. The driver of
the Mini Cooper -- identified by police as Alexander Yohn, 23 -- attempted to
flee on foot to a nearby field but officers caught him and arrested him on
suspicion of DUI and resisting arrest, Bosques said.

"Although he had no visible injures at scene, he was taken by patrol car to
Washington Hospital to be checked out and to have his blood drawn to be tested,"
Bosques said.

Yohn may also be charged with manslaughter, pending the results of his
toxicology report, police said.

The intersection was shut down through Tuesday afternoon while police
investigated the crash.

Staff writer Katie Nelson contributed to this report. Contact Natalie Neysa
Alund at 510-293-2469. Follow her atTwitter.com/nataliealund .

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Debris is spread across the intersection of Decoto Road and Fremont
Boulevard in Fremont, Calif., after an early morning fatal accident between a
car and a motorcycle on Tuesday, March 25, 2014. The driver of the car, a green
Mini Cooper, was reportedly driving under the influence and trying to run from
police along Fremont Boulevard when he hit and killed the motorcyclist. (Laura
A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
Fremont police take measurements amongst the debris spread across the
intersection of Decoto Road and Fremont Boulevard in Fremont, Calif., as
residents look on after an early morning fatal accident between a car and a
motorcycle on Tuesday, March 25, 2014. The driver of the car, a green Mini
Cooper, was reportedly driving under the influence and trying to run from police
along Fremont Boulevard when he hit and killed the motorcyclist. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)
Fremont police take measurements where the motorcycle landed in the parking lot
of the Fremont Bank on the corner of Decoto Road and Fremont Boulevard in
Fremont, Calif., after an early morning fatal accident between a car and a
motorcycle on Tuesday, March 25, 2014. The driver of the car, a green Mini
Cooper, was reportedly driving under the influence and trying to run from police
along Fremont Boulevard when he hit and killed the motorcyclist. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)
Fremont police take measurements amongst the debris spread across the
intersection of Decoto Road and Fremont Boulevard in Fremont, Calif., after an
early morning fatal accident between a car and a motorcycle on Tuesday, March
25, 2014. The driver of the car, a green Mini Cooper, was reportedly driving
under the influence and trying to run from police along Fremont Boulevard when
he hit and killed the motorcyclist. (Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A glove is amongst the debris that is spread across the intersection of Decoto
Road and Fremont Boulevard in Fremont, Calif., after an early morning fatal
accident between a car and a motorcycle on Tuesday, March 25, 2014. The driver
of the car, a green Mini Cooper, was reportedly driving under the influence and
trying to run from police along Fremont Boulevard when he hit and killed the
motorcyclist. (Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday
                               WED FINAL Edition

The Finish Line

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 362 words


Olympics

The head of the U.S. Olympic Committee was nominated for membership to the IOC
on Tuesday, a big boost for U.S. efforts to regain influence on the
international Olympic stage. In the latest sign of improved ties between the two
bodies, USOC president Larry Probst was among nine candidates put forward for
election to the International Olympic Committee. The president of the Russian
Olympic Committee, Alexander Zhukov, was also nominated. The list also included
former Olympic high jump champion Stefan Holm of Sweden and Kenyan distance
running great Paul Tergat.

Cycling

Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong said he'll return to his bike this month for a
state long trek across Iowa. Armstrong told the Des Moines Register he and
staffers from his Austin, Texas based bicycle shop will ride for "three or four
days" in RAGBRAI, an annual event sponsored by the newspaper that runs from the
Missouri to Mississippi rivers. This will mark the fifth visit to RAGBRAI for
Armstrong, who told interviewer Oprah Winfrey in January after years of denials
that he doped for all seven of his Tour de France wins from 1999 2005. Armstrong
said his impending trip to Iowa isn't a statement or an experiment. He said he
simply wants to ride with what is typically "a friendly group of people that
share the same interests."

Footnotes

Baylor basketball coach Kim Mulkey was suspended for her team's next NCAA
Tournament game for criticizing the officiating following a loss to Louisville
last spring. ... Georgia sophomore kicker Marshall Morgan is facing a possible
suspension following his arrest for boating under the influence. According to
Putnam County Sherriff's Chief Deputy Russell Blenk, Morgan was arrested
Saturday night on Lake Sinclair by a Georgia Department of Natural Resources
officer. Morgan was charged with operating a watercraft under the influence and
towing a skier without a life preserver on board. ... A.J. Foyt will miss
Sunday's race at Pocono after having hip replacement surgery Monday in Houston.
The 78 year old IndyCar team owner and four time Indianapolis 500 champion had
been suffering from pain in his left leg for months. The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Citizens United: how the US election campaign finance rules evolved

BYLINE: Ryan Devereauxguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 641 words


A series of legal decisions led to the current rules on campaign finance. Some
of the more notable precedents include:

Federal Elections Campaign Act, 1971

The first comprehensive US government effort to limit the influence of wealthy
individuals and special interest groups. Led to tougher disclosure requirements
for federal candidates, political parties and political action committees
(Pacs); the precursor to today's Super Pacs. A 1974 amendment created the
Federal Election Commission.

Buckley v Valeo, 1976

New York senator James Buckley and presidential candidate Eugene McCarthy argued
against Francis Valeo, the secretary of State, that key provisions of the 1971
Act were in violation of the constitution's 1st and 5th amendments. The Supreme
Court, while upholding provisions on individual contributions and disclosure
requirements, struck down limits on campaign expenditures, individual
expenditures on people and groups, and determined that spending money to
influence the outcome of elections is an act of constitutionally-protected free
speech.

First National Bank of Boston v Bellotti, 1978

The supreme court determined a Massachusetts law prohibiting corporations from
spending money to influence the outcome of a public referendum that did not
directly concern the corporation's own business was unconstitutional. Dissenting
Chief Justice William H Rehnquist warned of "special dangers in the political
sphere".

Austin v Michigan Chamber of Commerce, 1990

In 1990, the supreme court upheld Michigan's right to prohibit corporations from
using their wealth to support or oppose electoral candidates. While the law
still allowed donations to be made through a segregated fund, the court noted
"corporate wealth can unduly influence elections."

Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act, 2002/McCain-Feingold

The act sought to amend the FECA 1971, to prohibit national political party
committees from raising funds not subject to federal limits. It also targeted
so-called "electioneering communications", ads that name a candidate within 30
days of a primary or caucaus or 60 days of a general election. The act
prohibited such ads if paid for by a corporation. It was this provision that was
ultimately overturned by Citizens United v Federal Election Commission.

McConnell v Federal Election Commission, 2003

Senate Majority Whip Mitch McConnell and others challenged the McCain-Feingold
legislation in 2003 in the supreme court. McConnel argued that the Bipartisan
Campaign Reform Act of 2002 infringed on their constitutionally protected free
speech rights. The court upheld a number of the act's key provisions, including
disclosure requirements on "electioneering communications".

Federal Election Commission v Wisconsin Right to Life, Inc, 2007

Wisconsin Right to Life, Inc, a non-profit advocacy group, challenged the
constitutionality of a provision in the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act which had
prevented the group from using corporate money to run ads during the 2004
election. The case resulted in the court granting an exception to the
McCain-Feingold provisions in issue ads unless they could reasonably be
interpreted as an effort to encourage the support or defeat of a candidate.

Citizens United v Federal Election Commission, 2010

The decision that held that the First Amendment prevented federal government
from placing limits on independent spending by corporations and individuals
began as a dispute over whether a non-profit organisation Citizens United could
air a film critical of Hillary Clinton. A lower court had ruled that the film
breached provisions of the law commonly known as McCain-Feingold. The Supreme
Court reversed the lower court's ruling and struck down those provisions of the
Act that prohibited all corporations, both for-profit and not-for-profit, and
unions from broadcasting "electioneering communications".

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 24, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1523 words


<b>POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE</b>

Shantanu Roy reported Friday the $690 theft of a handgun from his 2010 Dodge
pickup parked at his home on the 6000 block of North Courcelles Parkway.

Frederick Jackson reported Friday the $1,971 theft of cash when unauthorized
charges were made to his bank account.

Thomas Landers reported Friday the $1,010 theft of a laptop computer, printer,
microwave oven and cookware from a home on the 1900 block of Appleway.

<b>KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF</b>

Jerry Lyon, Post Falls, reported Thursday the $1,450 theft of jewelry from his
home on the 11000 block of West Riverview Drive.

Jeffery Schoonover, Hayden, reported Sunday the $700 theft of two rifles and a
camera from his home on the 7800 block of West Eagles Ridge Road.

<b>NEWS OF RECORD

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE JAMES STOW</b>

Ricky A. Yeager, 32, Deer Park, Wash.; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (174 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation.

<b>JUDGE CLARK PETERSON</b>

Mark R. Pence, 50, Spokane; resisting/obstructing officers; $500 fine.

Dean M. Duggins, 66, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (177 days suspended), 90 days driver's
license suspension, one year probation.

Dominique Goodson, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, 90 days driver's license suspension, one
year probation.

Aimee L. McCorkle, 32, Athol; possession of a controlled substance; $350 fine,
100 hours community service, $100 restitution to state lab, 90 days in jail (86
days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 15 days unscheduled jail time,
one year probation.

<b>JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER</b>

Daniel V. Stinson, 27, Coeur d'Alene; disturbing the peace; $300 fine, 23 days
in jail (credited).

Angela T. Andrews-Seegraber, 19, Missoula, Mont.; driving without privileges;
$300 fine, 180 days in jail (175 days suspended), 180 days driver's license
suspension, two years probation.

<b>JUDGE FRED GIBLER</b>

Gary A. Konczyk, 70, Post Falls; Count I: violation of a no contact order; $137
fine, 11 days in jail (credited). Count II: battery; $137 fine, 180 days in jail
(169 days suspended), two years probation.

<b>CIVIL COMPLAINTS</b>

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Shelby Costa and
Tyson Costa, seeking $2,621.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kim Simmons, seeking $1,233.

GE Money Bank v. Gino Besenti, seeking $7,778.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Susan and Leonard Proffitt, seeking $2,151.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Travis Tanner, seeking $1,713.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Paul Johnson, seeking $3,124.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ronirae Bocksnick, seeking $5,014.

Rachael Hickman v. Audrey Hammons and Jeff Hammons, seeking an amount to be
proved at trial.

<b>CIVIL JUDGMENTS</b>

Capital One Bank v. Patricia Demorest, plaintiff awarded $1,869.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Wendy and Michael Shepard, plaintiff awarded
$3,690.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. John French Sr. and Shannon French, plaintiff
awarded $1,639.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Tracy Harris, plaintiff awarded $2,984.

NCO Financial Systems Inc. v. Russell and Michelle Breedlove, plaintiff awarded
$1,687.

<b>CIVIL DISMISSALS</b>

Michael Saldutte v. Timothy Labrosse D.D.S.

<b>MARRIAGE LICENSES</b>

Christopher J. Contreras, of Rathdrum, and Penena A. A. M. Curtiss, of Bonners
Ferry.

Kenneth Brustad Jr. and Angeline M. Speirs, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Justin D. Rohrenbach, of Coeur d'Alene, and Samantha M. Wood, of Spokane Valley.

Kelley P. Hendry, of Rathdrum, and Aliesha M. Cline, of Cheney.

Christopher L. House and Nicole L. Packard, both of Careywood.

Joseph J. H. Simler and Lorelle D. Wilson, both of Post Falls.

Raymond Z. Clift and Jennifer M. Cordle, both of Coeur d'Alene.

John L. Toomey and Rebecca L. Kielblock, both of Hayden.

Evan W. Williams and Amanda M. Albright, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Roger L. Lane and Hilary K. Gibbs, both of Post Falls.

Brad L. Nirschel and Megan Ciammaichella, both of Oldtown.

Tyler D. Lowe and Ellie M. King, both of Post Falls.

Nicholas J. Rardin and Wendi L. Foutz, both of Post Falls.

Joel D. Eisenberg and Judith D. Carver, both of Hayden.

David A. Aga and Amanda G. Rea, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Samuel C. Olind and Roseanne M. Griggs, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Christopher M. Abel and Tiffany C. Paul, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Nicholas R. Mitchell and Barbara L. Satterthwaite, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Brian R. Hardaway and Melissa A. Fisher, both of Hauser.

Matthew R. Gering and April M. Lyons, both of Post Falls.

Michael S. O. Weaver and Meagan B. Turner, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Jerry W. Larson, of Athol, and Rebecca S. Allen, of Pinehurst.

John D. Powers Jr. and Lorena L. Brice, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Roland C. Partyka and Danielle M. Valois, both of Bayview.

Brandon M. Welch, of Rathdrum, and Abigail J. Duke, of Hayden.

Alex E. Brown and Trina M. Young, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Matthew R.G. Griffin and Christina N. Langlitz, both of Rathdrum.

Kevin A. Larrison and Jessica N. McGowan, both of Post Falls.

Chad J. Platt, of Post Falls, and Michelle L. Arendt, of Hayden.

Stephen T. Stuppy and Karry A. Hegstad, both of Hayden.

Kevin E. Cook and Megan R. Blake, both of Rathdrum.

Morgan R. Abbott and Nichelle N. Albert, both of Cocolalla.

Kasey G. Levis and Alyssa C. Schulz, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Isaac D. Sawyer, of Buckner, Mo, and Rachel N. Fite, of Rathdrum.

Helaman S. Hancock and Mary K. Reid, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Steven H. Cox and April D. Linnemeyer, both of St. Maries.

Derek J. Allen and Ashley J. Lovejoy, both of Post Falls.

Obadiah L. Richardson, of Havelock, N.C., and Kristen M. Brewer, of Coeur
d'Alene.

Michael K. Miles and Casandra L. Anderson, both of Post Falls.

Anthony J. Jones and Rebecca M. Porter, both of Rathdrum.

Jason D. Kruger and Cori M. Amaral, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Alexander G. Walker and Jessica E. Simms, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Steven G. Brickey and Kayleigh N. Reed, both of Hayden.

Todd N. Flood and Lori B. Borders, both of Post Falls.

Dennis S. Sheppard and Maria L. Cloos, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Thomas F. Didra and Kristen S. Jonas, both of Post Falls.

Jason R. Eby and Holly J. Stiles, both of Athol.

Elisha J. Newman and Taryn C. Woodward Hill, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Matthew J. Harrington and Candida L. Johnson, both of Post Falls.

Timothy M. Lovlyn and Molly K. O'Dowd, both of Rathdrum.

Timmy V. Nelson and Tracy M. Evans, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Jacob A. Pennington and Katie R. Higgins, both of Post Falls.

Mitch C. Michael Jr. and Amanda J. Rowe, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Craig A. Morrison and Lisa A. Kellerman, both of Athol.

Michael A. Saint and Sarah E. Nilsen, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Shane J. Gass and Aubrey W. Exstrom, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Larry R. Roscow and Carlee P. Palm, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Jeremiah S. Collins, of Coeur d'Alene, and Maria F. Arano Chaparro, of Post
Falls.

John E. A. Day and Nathasha M. Palmer, both of Hayden.

Paul D. Banks, of Coeur d'Alene, and Cynthia N. McNeil, of Hayden.

Donald S. Houk and Nakita M. Jesok, both of Post Falls.

Kevin L. Potter and Laura M. Marzo, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Michael D. Gregg and Rebecca L. Haynes, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Lee G. Wallace, of Tillamook, Ore., and Diane S. Kirby, of Post Falls.

Logan A. Wilson and Caroline J. Hern, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Joshua R. Writz, of Coeur d'Alene, and Amanda J. Spencer, of Hayden.

Nicholas L. Hanson and Amanda J. McRae, both of Post Falls.

Daniel B. Williams and Kristie L. Sampson, both of Hayden.

Charles W. Coker and Marlene J. Penick, both of Hayden.

Shawn M. Metts and Alivia A. Body, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Kenneth C. Chase and Sherry Goatz-Raczykowski, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Andrew J. Byrd and Vera L. Saint, both of Coeur d'Alene.

Justin B. Miller and Melissa A. Huntsman, both of Post Falls.

Harlie C. Hanson and Cynthia R. Bell, both of Post Falls.

Anthony S. Graham and Heidi E. Johnson, both of Post Falls.

Brandon M. Hiza, of Coeur d'Alene, and Claudia L. Fisher, of Post Falls.

Ryan A. Kubik and Carol L. Moore, both of Post Falls.

<b>DIVORCES SOUGHT</b>

Amy E. Dooney from Justin W. Dooney.

Karl H. Lange from Jennifer L. Lange.

<b>DIVORCES GRANTED</b>

Cilyndra B. Smith from David L. Dodge Jr.

<b>BANKRUPTCIES</b>

Filings from May 11.

<b>Chapter 7</b> (liquidation petitions)

Stephen D. Claffey, aka Steve Claffey, and Tricia A. Claffey, Post Falls, debts
of $351,132.

Nathan D. Mitchell, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $21,595.

Shawn M. Carkuff, Post Falls, debts of $60,520.

Craig S. Clifton, Oldtown, debts of $292,301.

Kevin F. Lawing, Post Falls, debts of $177,206.

Thomas Z. and Angie L. Means, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $63,161.

Anthony K. Townsend, aka Tony Townsend, and Jessica J. Townsend, Post Falls,
debts of $202,380.

Sandy L. Dolence, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $28,599.

Merle D. and Tamra K. Sears, Hayden, debts of $460,743.

Kristina A. Cheyne, Post Falls, debts of $210,195.

<b>TYPE:</b> Official Records

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 21, 2008 Sunday

Police blotter

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Blotters; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 555 words


Recently arrested by the Cheyenne Police Department were:

Kenneth D. Ramos, 42, of 5100 Cable Ave. for assault and battery at 5:27 a.m.
Dec. 14 at his residence.

Elizabeth A. Brown, 29, of 1515 Taft Ave. #214 for driving under the influence,
failure to maintain a traffic lane, resisting arrest and driving without proof
of insurance at 2:54 a.m. Dec. 14 at Natrona Avenue and East Lincolnway.

Shirley A. Kopcho, 37, of 3925 E. 10th St. for driving under the influence and
speeding at 12:36 a.m. Dec. 14 at 700 E. Lincolnway.

Charles E. Sauer, 29, of 1832 Edgewater Ave. for domestic violence and assault
and battery at 7:26 p.m. Dec. 13 at his residence.

Elizabeth N. Moore, 20, of 2325 E. 11th St. for felony larceny at 2:06 p.m. Dec.
13 at 1772 Dell Range Blvd.

David H. Alarcon, 54, transient, on a misdemeanor warrant for failure to appear
in court at 1:24 p.m. Dec. 13 at 1905 E. Lincolnway #135.

Brad B. Hensley, 48, transient, on three misdemeanor warrants for failure to
appear in court at 6:15 a.m. Dec. 13 at 214 E. 23rd St.

Lewis A. Barnes II, 25, of 150 S. Cribbon Ave. for driving under the influence,
speeding, driving without insurance and driving with a suspended license at 4:08
a.m. Dec. 13 at 100 N. Greeley Highway.

Arthur R. Thomas, 40, of Russellville, Ohio for driving under the influence and
failure to maintain a traffic lane at 2:40 a.m. Dec. 13 in the 1100 block of
East Lincolnway.

Michael M. Apodaca, 37, of 505 Williams St. #122 for driving under the influence
and a yield sign violation at 12:53 a.m. Dec. 13 at 507 E. Lincolnway.

n

Recently arrested by the Laramie County Sheriff's Department were:

Erik L. Macias, 20, of 6900 Pasadena Drive on an out-of-state felony warrant at
1:15 p.m. Monday at the Laramie County jail, 1910 Pioneer Ave.

Roque J. Raya Jr., 26, of 212 Hacienda Court on a misdemeanor warrant for
failure to pay at 11:39 a.m. Dec. 14 at 2205 Gordon Ave. #39.

Christopher S. Nelson, 31, of 110 Ahrens Ave. for driving under the influence at
2:18 a.m. Dec. 14 at Parsley Boulevard and Jefferson Road.

Andrew T. Iverson, 33, of 4940 E. 13th St. for driving under the influence and
driving with a suspended license at 6:45 p.m. Dec. 13 at North College Drive and
Fox Farm Road.

Korey T. Thomas, 21, of Detroit, Mich. on an out-of-state felony warrant at 5
p.m. Dec. 13 at the Laramie County jail.

James L. McNeil, 31, of 1941 Rainbow Road #102 on felony warrants for false
pretenses and third-degree arson at 11:37 a.m. Dec. 13 at the Laramie County
jail.

George A. Keith, 31, transient, for driving under the influence at 2:14 a.m.
Dec. 13 at Bent Avenue and West Lincolnway.

Bradley D. Batts, 24, of an unknown Cheyenne address, on a misdemeanor warrant
for failure to appear in court at 11:51 p.m. Dec. 12 at 218 S. Greeley Highway
#30.

Colt W. Moon, 21, of 210 Lafayette Blvd. for driving under the influence,
interference with a peace officer, failure to maintain a traffic lane and
driving with a suspended license at 10:25 p.m. Dec. 12 at College Drive and
Interstate 25.

Police blotter is a list of recent arrested compiled from public records in
Laramie County. All people listed here are innocent until proven guilty. Anyone
listed who has a charge dismissed or is acquitted of the charge may bring or
mail a court document proving such to the WTE editor, 702 W. Lincolnway,
Cheyenne, WY 82001.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          December 27, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Idaho Records

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 786 words


POLICE BLOTTER

KOOTENAI COUNTY SHERIFF

Christina Piaskowski, Post Falls, reported Friday, the $1,900 theft of her
Numerica VISA card from her residence on the 1000 block of North Syringa Street.

Susan Dehart, Spirit Lake, reported Saturday, the $3,700 theft of power tools
from her garage on the 27000 block of North Rourke Road.

Karie Spoerl, manger of the Holiday Station in Hayden, reported Monday, the
$1,500 theft of VISA gift cards from the convenience station at the 8000 block
of Cornerstone Drive.

---

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE DON SWANSTROM

Loleta J. Baughman, 43, Coeur d'Alene; fail to provide proof of insurance, $250
fine, five days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Anna J. Dituri, 23, Post Falls; petit theft; $400 fine, 180 days in jail (170
days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, two years probation.

JUDGE EUGENE MORANO

Jarret T. Thompson, 26, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $750 fine,
180 days in jail, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Cleo Spraggins, 57, Rathdrum; invalid driver's license; 84 days in jail.

Randall D. Wright, 43, Post Falls; resisting or obstructing officers; $300 fine,
60 days in jail (55 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, one year
probation.

Sandra R. Rickson, 45, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $300 fine, five
days in jail or 16 hours county work program, one year probation.

Jason B. Cowan, 25, Spokane Valley; dispensing alcohol to a minor; $500 fine,
five days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Joshua T. Willaims, 24, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $750 fine, 180
days in jail (175 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Kristopher S. Mans, 19, Coeur d'Alene ; driving under the influence; $1,000
fine, 180 days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, 180
days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Jesse J. Spoklie, 24, Hayden; resisting or obstructing officers; $300 fine, 180
days in jail (160 days suspended) or 80 hours county work program, two years
probation.

Peggy L. Stiles, 40, Dalton Gardens;  use or possession of drug paraphernalia
with intent to use; $100 fine, 28 days in jail.

John F. D. Hart, 25, Coeur d'Alene; invalid driver's license; $72 fine, 70 days
in jail.

Dominic L. Stringer, 25, Coeur d'Alene; petit theft; 20 days in jail.

John D. Daniels, 23, Irvine, Calif.; driving without privileges; $1,000 fine
($500 suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 180 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Genaro H. Arevalo, 23, Coeur d'Alene; domestic violence; $1,000 fine ($800
suspended), 180 days in jail (139 days suspended), two years probation.

Andrew V. Gosser, 21, Hayden; driving without privileges (second offense); $500
fine ($250 suspended), 180 days in jail (151 days suspended), one year driver's
license suspension, one year probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

State of Idaho Industrial Commission v. Joe Roope's Castaway Fly Shop Inc.,
Joseph Thomas Roope Jr., president, seeking $1,600.

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company as subrogee of Leslie J. Herold
v. Alan Rush Jr., seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

State of Idaho Industrial Commission v. Tim Grassl and Lucendia Grassl dba Tim
and Cindy's Rainbow Inn, seeking 4,500.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Glenn Mangis and Toni Mangis aka Toni Wallace,
seeking $3,229.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Eugene McDonald and Elizabeth McDonald,
seeking $2,876.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Daniel Pomerinke and Jennifer Pomerinke,
seeking $4,325.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Anthony Woltz and Cynthia Woltz, seeking
$1,662.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Stuart Thelin and Misty Thelin, seeking
$1,627.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Patricia Egelhoff , seeking $1,066.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Tina Nowoj, seeking 4,827.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Becky Robison , seeking $1,343.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Ashley Newby, seeking $1,169.

North Idaho Credit Corporation v. Margy Watkins, seeking $1,255.

Irene Sonnabend v. Michelle Bronson, seeking an amount to be proved at trial.

State of Idaho, Idaho State Board of Land Commissions, and Idaho Department of
Lands v. Inland Empire Paper Company, Timber Services Inc., and Bart Widgrin,
seeking $38,681.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Amendola Andersen and Doty PLLC v. Rodney Crain, Jamie Crain and Robert Crain,
plaintiff awarded $25,859.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Janine Garner from David Riska.

Gregg Lapolla from Gina Lapolla.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Elaine Johnson from Michael Johnson.

TYPE: Official records

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             May 17, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DOLPHINS DT TRAYLOR FACING DUI CHARGE

BYLINE: By GREG A. BEDARD Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 456 words


Dolphins defensive tackle Keith Traylor was arrested Saturday in his native
Oklahoma and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and possession
of a controlled drug, both misdemeanors.

While being held at the Mayes County Jail, Traylor ripped the cover off a smoke
alarm, which led to an additional charge of injuring a public building,
according to the Mayes County District Attorney's Office. Because the damage was
more than $50, it is considered a felony.

"I don't know if he was angry, and he didn't throw it at anybody," said
sheriff's Capt. Pat Knowles. "He was just drunk."

Traylor was driving his 2003 black Cadillac SUV on the Will Rogers Turnpike in
Pryor, Okla., when he was observed to be driving under the influence, according
to court documents. Traylor also was in possession of a bottle of the
antidepressant Xanax, which is illegal without a prescription. Traylor posted
$5,000 bond and was at the Dolphins' facility Monday to take part in the team's
first off-season practice. He is due back in court July 20.

"The type of behavior that allegedly took place is disappointing, it is out of
character for Keith and something we don't condone as an organization," Dolphins
coach Nick Saban said in a statement. "It is important that our players
understand the responsibility they have in representing themselves, their
family, their teammates, this organization and our fans in a first-class manner.

"However, since we just learned about this specific situation, we will withhold
further comment until we gather additional information."

Jordan Woy, Traylor's agent, declined to comment.

Playing mostly on first and second downs, Traylor, 36, had 40 tackles and two
sacks in 13 starts in his first season for the Dolphins. A 15-year veteran from
the University of Central Oklahoma, Traylor previously played with the Denver
Broncos, Kansas City Chiefs, Chicago Bears and New England Patriots.

Despite being signed through the 2006 season at the veteran's minimum salary and
the team's lone true nose tackle, Traylor thought his stay with the Dolphins
would be short.

"I honestly feel like I was brought here for a quick fix," Traylor said in
December. "My gut feeling tells me I'm just here for a brief moment."

After the 6-foot-2, 337-pounder had surgery Dec. 6 to relieve swelling in his
right knee, the Dolphins actively pursued a more durable player to replace
Traylor.

The Dolphins courted but ultimately lost out on free agents Ron Edwards, Justin
Bannan and Sam Adams. One year after drafting defensive tackles Kevin Vickerson
and Manny Wright, they selected Rodrique Wright in the seventh round this year.
But Wright recently had shoulder surgery and is not expected to contribute this
season.

- greg_bedard@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C)
 Keith Taylor (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday

Cartels seek toehold in border community politics

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1115 words


EL PASO - Mexican drug cartels are helping elect and influence politicians in
U.S. communities to advance their criminal activities, an expert on
international gangs alleged.

Richard Valdemar, a retired California law enforcement officer, said authorities
in California gathered intelligence showing the cartels are corrupting American
politicians to gain a foothold in the Southwestern United States.

Previous investigations showed the Carrillo Fuentes, Arellano Felix and Sinaloan
drug cartels targeted Southern California communities that included South Gate,
Hawaiian Gardens and Bell Gardens.

"Their efforts to influence and control these communities began in the 1980s,
but investigators did not detect the trend until the 1990s," said Valdemar, who
retired from the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department after 33 years in 2004. He
also served on a multi-agency investigative task force for 12 years.

"Some of the communities got cleaned up and some didn't," said Valdemar, who
appears regularly on TV specials about gangs and other organized criminals.

The influence of gangs on politics is not suspected in El Paso, but gang experts
said it could easily happen here.

Valdemar, a veteran investigator said that in California, the Mexican drug
organizations employed a method they had used in Mexico with success.

Cartels send representatives to U.S. communities to buy legitimate businesses,
such as strip malls, restaurants, auto dealerships and used tire shops. Then,
they invite local politicians and police to receive free meals and discounts,
until they can develop relationships with influential people.

"They could give an entire city council a million dollars, and fire police
chiefs, city managers, city attorneys, and anyone else who opposes them,"
Valdemar said. "They got local laws changed so they could run nightclubs, liquor
stores and other businesses without interference. They went after cities' towing
contracts and other types of contracts."

Although the true source of the money is hidden, he said the cartels contribute
cash to the election campaigns of politicians, and finance negative campaigns
against their rivals.

They wait until a majority of elected offices are up for election in city
councils, county commissions and water districts, and run a lot of candidates so
they can seize a majority voting bloc.

Former U.S. Rep. Tom Tancredo of Colorado made similar allegations in his 2006
book "In Mortal Danger: The Battle for America's Border and Security."

According to the book, a Bell Gardens city manager who allegedly was controlled
by a drug cartel was forced to resign. Los Angeles County prosecutors also
stepped in after Bell Gardens city officials tried to "shut down" the police
department, Tancredo said.

In an interview,Tancredo, said the United States government should consider
legalizing marijuana because the war on drugs does not appear to be working.

"Two things need to be done to curb the cartels," Tancredo said. "First, we need
to secure the border with technology and human assets. Second, since marijuana
represents 75 to 85 percent of the drug-traffickers' profits, we ought to
legalize marijuana and take away the profit. No company will want to stay in
business with that kind of loss."

Ramon Montijo, a former Los Angeles Police Department investigator, worked with
Valdemar and is familiar with the California investigations. He is also a former
police chief of Bernalillo, N.M., and Greenfield and El Centro in California.

"What happened in Southern California can easily (happen) in El Paso because of
its close ties to Juárez," said Montijo, who is an international security
consultant and educator based in New Mexico.

El Paso FBI officials said they do not believe the same problems currently exist
here.

"The FBI is aware of this taking place along the Mexican border," said FBI
Special Agent Andrea Simmons. "We haven't had any information to date that
indicates this is a problem in the El Paso area, but we continue to keep watch
for it."

Montijo said the Juárez drug cartel developed a major criminal pipeline with
California in the 1980s.

In 1989, authorities discovered a warehouse in the Los Angeles area containing
21.4 tons of cocaine. The drug belonged to Juárez drug kingpins who used
businesses in El Paso to store drugs and launder money.

The Carrillo Fuentes organization had its own bank in El Paso, parked its jets
at city airport hangars and owned commercial properties across the county, drug
investigators said.

"The El Paso-California drug pipeline dates back to the Mexican Revolution of
1910," Montijo said. "Francisco 'Pancho' Villa paid for arms with bales of
marijuana. The marijuana customers were in California."

Currently, the Carrillo Fuentes cartel is at war with the Joaquin "Chapo" Guzman
Loera group, which has led to bloody gangland violence in Juárez.

U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, recently urged the Department of
Homeland Security to recommit to securing the United States border and sea
ports.

"Securing our borders and preventing violence in Mexico from spreading into our
country should be our top priority," Hutchison said. "Powerful Mexican drug
cartels threaten the safety of our communities and the law enforcement officials
who put their lives on the line to keep us safe.

"It is vital that we work together to combat narcotics trafficking and safeguard
families and neighborhoods along the border," she said.

U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-Texas, said the American government is doing
everything in its power to help Mexico's president fight the drug cartels.

Reyes said he was a key negotiator for the $1.6 billion Merida Initiative, which
provided equipment and training for Mexico's battle against drug dealers.

He said he also supported efforts to help provide whatever tools needed to help
Mexico reduce violence and restructure its justice system.

About 15,000 people have died in Mexico since the government began its crackdown
on the cartels in December 2006; Chihuahua state alone has accounted for more
than 4,000 of the casualties

Reyes said the Mexican government is protective of its nation's sovereignty and
does not want direct American involvement in the fight against the cartels.

However, because of the closer collaboration between U.S. and Mexican law
enforcement, he said Mexico is closing in on "Chapo" Guzman.

"They are getting closer to catching 'Chapo,' " Reyes said.

Last month, Mexican President Felipe Calderon inaugurated Mexico's new Federal
Police Intelligence Center in Mexico City. The center will use modern technology
to gather information about organized crime and other threats to the nation.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com ; 546-6140.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday

Cartels seek toehold in border community politics

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1115 words


EL PASO - Mexican drug cartels are helping elect and influence politicians in
U.S. communities to advance their criminal activities, an expert on
international gangs alleged.

Richard Valdemar, a retired California law enforcement officer, said authorities
in California gathered intelligence showing the cartels are corrupting American
politicians to gain a foothold in the Southwestern United States.

Previous investigations showed the Carrillo Fuentes, Arellano Felix and Sinaloan
drug cartels targeted Southern California communities that included South Gate,
Hawaiian Gardens and Bell Gardens.

"Their efforts to influence and control these communities began in the 1980s,
but investigators did not detect the trend until the 1990s," said Valdemar, who
retired from the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department after 33 years in 2004. He
also served on a multi-agency investigative task force for 12 years.

"Some of the communities got cleaned up and some didn't," said Valdemar, who
appears regularly on TV specials about gangs and other organized criminals.

The influence of gangs on politics is not suspected in El Paso, but gang experts
said it could easily happen here.

Valdemar, a veteran investigator said that in California, the Mexican drug
organizations employed a method they had used in Mexico with success.

Cartels send representatives to U.S. communities to buy legitimate businesses,
such as strip malls, restaurants, auto dealerships and used tire shops. Then,
they invite local politicians and police to receive free meals and discounts,
until they can develop relationships with influential people.

"They could give an entire city council a million dollars, and fire police
chiefs, city managers, city attorneys, and anyone else who opposes them,"
Valdemar said. "They got local laws changed so they could run nightclubs, liquor
stores and other businesses without interference. They went after cities' towing
contracts and other types of contracts."

Although the true source of the money is hidden, he said the cartels contribute
cash to the election campaigns of politicians, and finance negative campaigns
against their rivals.

They wait until a majority of elected offices are up for election in city
councils, county commissions and water districts, and run a lot of candidates so
they can seize a majority voting bloc.

Former U.S. Rep. Tom Tancredo of Colorado made similar allegations in his 2006
book "In Mortal Danger: The Battle for America's Border and Security."

According to the book, a Bell Gardens city manager who allegedly was controlled
by a drug cartel was forced to resign. Los Angeles County prosecutors also
stepped in after Bell Gardens city officials tried to "shut down" the police
department, Tancredo said.

In an interview,Tancredo, said the United States government should consider
legalizing marijuana because the war on drugs does not appear to be working.

"Two things need to be done to curb the cartels," Tancredo said. "First, we need
to secure the border with technology and human assets. Second, since marijuana
represents 75 to 85 percent of the drug-traffickers' profits, we ought to
legalize marijuana and take away the profit. No company will want to stay in
business with that kind of loss."

Ramon Montijo, a former Los Angeles Police Department investigator, worked with
Valdemar and is familiar with the California investigations. He is also a former
police chief of Bernalillo, N.M., and Greenfield and El Centro in California.

"What happened in Southern California can easily (happen) in El Paso because of
its close ties to Ju?rez," said Montijo, who is an international security
consultant and educator based in New Mexico.

El Paso FBI officials said they do not believe the same problems currently exist
here.

"The FBI is aware of this taking place along the Mexican border," said FBI
Special Agent Andrea Simmons. "We haven't had any information to date that
indicates this is a problem in the El Paso area, but we continue to keep watch
for it."

Montijo said the Ju?rez drug cartel developed a major criminal pipeline with
California in the 1980s.

In 1989, authorities discovered a warehouse in the Los Angeles area containing
21.4 tons of cocaine. The drug belonged to Ju?rez drug kingpins who used
businesses in El Paso to store drugs and launder money.

The Carrillo Fuentes organization had its own bank in El Paso, parked its jets
at city airport hangars and owned commercial properties across the county, drug
investigators said.

"The El Paso-California drug pipeline dates back to the Mexican Revolution of
1910," Montijo said. "Francisco 'Pancho' Villa paid for arms with bales of
marijuana. The marijuana customers were in California."

Currently, the Carrillo Fuentes cartel is at war with the Joaquin "Chapo" Guzman
Loera group, which has led to bloody gangland violence in Ju?rez.

U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, recently urged the Department of
Homeland Security to recommit to securing the United States border and sea
ports.

"Securing our borders and preventing violence in Mexico from spreading into our
country should be our top priority," Hutchison said. "Powerful Mexican drug
cartels threaten the safety of our communities and the law enforcement officials
who put their lives on the line to keep us safe.

"It is vital that we work together to combat narcotics trafficking and safeguard
families and neighborhoods along the border," she said.

U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-Texas, said the American government is doing
everything in its power to help Mexico's president fight the drug cartels.

Reyes said he was a key negotiator for the $1.6 billion Merida Initiative, which
provided equipment and training for Mexico's battle against drug dealers.

He said he also supported efforts to help provide whatever tools needed to help
Mexico reduce violence and restructure its justice system.

About 15,000 people have died in Mexico since the government began its crackdown
on the cartels in December 2006; Chihuahua state alone has accounted for more
than 4,000 of the casualties

Reyes said the Mexican government is protective of its nation's sovereignty and
does not want direct American involvement in the fight against the cartels.

However, because of the closer collaboration between U.S. and Mexican law
enforcement, he said Mexico is closing in on "Chapo" Guzman.

"They are getting closer to catching 'Chapo,' " Reyes said.

Last month, Mexican President Felipe Calderon inaugurated Mexico's new Federal
Police Intelligence Center in Mexico City. The center will use modern technology
to gather information about organized crime and other threats to the nation.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com ; 546-6140.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             August 8, 2008 Friday

Police log

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 507 words


- Chambersburg

PUBLIC DRUNKENNESS: Dennis Hicks Sr., 46, of 362 W. Washington St., was arrested
for public drunkenness after he was found at 1:02 a.m. Friday by Chambersburg
Police, lying in Harrison Alley by the rear of Eugene C. Clarke Jr. Community
Center, 235 S. Third St.

Police said Hicks was taken to Franklin County Jail.

(Incident No. C2008-09179)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Samantha Ann Stiffler, 43, Chambersburg, was
arrested for driving under the influence after a three-vehicle accident at 5:32
p.m.Wednesday at North Franklin Street and Lincoln Way West.

Chambersburg Police said Stiffler was found to be allegedly under the influence
of alcohol after an investigation and was charged with DUI. Police said there
were no injuries.

(Incident No. C2008-09124)

FOUND: A single-speed trick bicycle was found at 2:16 a.m. Monday in the front
yard of a home in the 600 block of Philadelphia Avenue, Chambersburg Police
said.

The owner may claim the bike at the police station.

(Incident No. C2008-09182)

- Guilford Township

ACCIDENT: Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, are investigating a
one-vehicle accident on Thursday morning near Falling Spring Road and Briar
Lane.

Police said a black Dodge Neon was traveling south on Falling Spring Road at
4:30 a.m. and, for unknown reasons, went off the road and struck an embankment.
Police said the driver of the car then fled the scene.

Anyone with information may call police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. H03-1781303)

DRIVING UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Norman Weeks III, 46, Aston, charged with driving
under the influence after a traffic stop at 1:40 a.m. Thursday at on U.S. 30,
near Interstate 81.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said Weeks' vehicle was stopped for
minor traffic violations and it was later determined he was allegedly under the
influence of alcohol.

(Incident No. H03-1781288)

- Greene Township

HARASSMENT: Peggy Ann Gilbertson, 55, Fayetteville, was issued a non-traffic
citation for harassment after an incident Thursday evening at 640 Mickey Inn
Road, Lot 22.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said Gilbertson grabbed Catheryn Ann
Colon, 29, Chambersburg, by the hair and struck the victim in the head at 6:40
p.m. after a brief altercation.

(Incident No. H03-1781464)

- Quincy Township

ASSAULT: Steven Rodeffer, 33, Hagerstown, Md., and Jessica Murray, 32,
Hagerstown, Md., were charged with assault after an altercation at 4:24 p.m.
Thursday at 8416 Anthony Highway.

Pennsylvania State Police, Chambersburg, said Rodeffer and Murray allegedly
forced their way into the home of Travis Manahan, 34, Waynesboro, and were
involved in a physical dispute that resulted in minor injuries to Manahan.

(Incident No. H03-1781435)

- Hamilton Township

VANDALISM: Someone damaged the rear bumper of a vehicle owned by Steve Charles
Sr., Newburg, between 10 p.m. Monday and 10:30 a.m. Tuesday while it was parked
in the Wendy's parking lot on Lincoln Way West, Pennsylvania State Police,
Chambersburg, said.

Anyone with information may call police at 264-5161.

(Incident No. H03-1780888)

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 15, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Developer Seeking Campaign Reform Tops Lobby List

BYLINE: By NORIMITSU ONISHI

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 722 words


Forest City Ratner, a major New York developer whose president pledged recently
to help curtail the influence of big donors on the city's political campaigns,
spent more on lobbying the municipal government last year than any other
business group, according to a study released yesterday.

The company spent $382,385 on lobbying, which included hiring five of the top 10
lobbyists in the city to influence decisions relating to several real estate
projects in the five boroughs. The figure accounted for 3.4 percent of all the
money spent on lobbying in the city last year, and it far surpassed the $181,842
spent by Merrill Lynch, which ranked second.

The top 10 spenders -- including groups representing insurers, hospitals, a
garbage disposal company and a beer giant -- paid almost $2 million to lobbying
firms, many of which are led by former government officials and politically
prominent lawyers. The report, which was written by the New York Public Interest
Research Group, was based on lobbying figures released last week by the City
Clerk's office.

Ludovic Blain, who is a lobbyist for the Public Interest Research Group, a
good-government organization, cautioned that the figures show only a fraction of
the money that big companies spend on attempts to influence city government. Mr.
Blain said that other efforts used to influence politicians, like legal
representation, public relations and campaign contributions, are not captured in
the lobbying report, or in the total figure for Forest City.

"This is just one part of his overall spending that influences politics in New
York City," Mr. Blain said of Bruce C. Ratner, Forest City's president.

According to the report, lobbyists represented Forest City's interests to the
borough presidents of Queens, Brooklyn and the Bronx; City Council Speaker Peter
F. Vallone; two former deputy mayors to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani; City Council
members, the City Planning Commission, community boards and other groups. Forest
City Ratner has ranked first in spending on lobbying for the fourth straight
year, according to the Public Interest Research Group.

Michele DeMilly, a spokeswoman for Forest City, said its figures for lobbying
were high because it very closely followed the rules in reporting any lobbying,
either by its own employees or lobbyists hired by the company.

"These numbers are apples and oranges," Ms. DeMilly said of the figures reported
by Forest City and other companies. "I can verify with respect to Forest City
that we are extraordinarily scrupulous in reporting every single interaction
with a government official, from the president of the company down."

Last week, Mr. Ratner and another prominent developer, Douglas Durst, said they
would join a coalition trying to overhaul the way elections are financed in the
city by sharply limiting the amounts that candidates can raise and replacing the
money with city grants to campaigns.

Mr. Ratner said he believed that the campaign finance system needed to be
reformed. The developer, who personally raised more than $100,000 for Mr.
Giuliani's re-election campaign, is not helping the Mayor's current effort to
collect money for a bid for higher office.

Mr. Ratner said he had not contributed to Mr. Giuliani since last fall. It was
around that time that Mr. Giuliani opposed an important project, a 24-screen
multiplex movie theater, that Mr. Ratner wanted to build in Forest Hills,
Queens. Fearing traffic congestion, local groups opposed the theater, which Mr.
Ratner could have built without a zoning variance, though he would have needed
various city permits.

Ms. DeMilly said she could not say how much money, if any, Forest City was
spending on lobbying this year.

Among other groups that spent a lot of money lobbying last year was Reuters, the
British information services company, which recorded $143,224 in lobbying fees.
Last November, Reuters got a $26 million tax break to build a headquarters on a
parcel at 42d Street and Seventh Avenue in Times Square.

Other companies in the top 10 included the American Insurance Association;
Triangle Equities, a developer; the Empire State Association of Adult Homes; the
Anheuser Busch Companies; the Greater New York Hospital Association; the New
York City Partnership and Chamber of Commerce, and Waste Management Inc.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "TOP 10: Spending to Get Their Way"
Businesses and business groups that spent the most on lobbying New York City's
government in 1997.

Business or organization              Type of business    Amount
Forest City Ratner                           Developer  $382,385
Merrill Lynch                              Stockbroker   181,842
American Insurance Association               Insurance   175,000
Triangle Equities                            Developer   169,331
Empire State Assn. of Adult Homes        Nursing homes   150,000
Anheuser-Busch                                 Brewery   149,619
Reuters                                    News agency   143,224
Greater New York Hospital Assn.              Hospitals   136,228
New York City Partnership            Business advocate   135,000
and Chamber of Commerce
Waste Management Inc.                 Garbage disposal   119,062


(Source: New York Public Interest Research Group, from City Clerk figures)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Police Log;
Crash Dui Missing Person Public Drunkenness Theft

BYLINE: Police Log

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


n MARTIC TWP.: Christopher Robert Bailey was charged with driving on a suspended
license after state police found a car crashed into an embankement and abandoned
early Saturday at Martic Heights Drive and Hilldale Road. Owner Robert Bailey
told troopers the vehicle must have been stolen from his driveway. On Sunday,
Christoper Bailey admitted to driving with the owner's permission, troopers
reported.

n EAST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Justin Yohn, 27, of Columbia, was charged with driving
under the influence, speeding and another traffic violation after police said
they stopped him Oct. 25 in the 1100 block of Sunwood Lane.

n EAST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Kim Anspach, 51, of East Petersburg, was charged with
driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance after police
said they investigated a one-vehicle crash in the 2700 block of Lancaster Road.

n PROVIDENCE TWP.: Ian Matthew Wolf, 26, of New Providence Township, was
arrested for driving under the influence after police said they stopped him for
several traffic violations about 2:21 a.m. Saturday in the first block of Scott
Road.

n SALISBURY TWP.: Christian Johnson, 33, of Peru, Indiana, was charged with
driving under the influence late Saturday night by state police after being
stopped while driving on Lincoln Highway.

n BETHEL TWP., LEBANON COUNTY: Israel Salazar, 23, left his home in Bethel
Township between Friday evening and Saturday afternoon and his whereabouts are
unknown. Salazar is 5-foot, 10-inches tall, 190 pounds with a muscular build,
short dark hair and brown eyes. He was driving a black, 2002 Ford Mustang to the
Hanover area of York County when he disappeared.

n EPHRATA: Terrance L. Faus Jr., 21, of South Front Street, Columbia, was
arrested after he was reportedly running in traffic and pounding on cars on
Route 322 and in the Sheetz parking lot in the 800 block of East Main Street, at
3 a.m. Saturday. Faus demanded rides from motorists and demanded a cell phone
from people inside the store.

n SALISBURY TWP.: State police are investigating the theft last week of lottery
tickets from the Turkey Hill store on Route 41 in Gap.

n STRASBURG TWP.: Tools and equipment valued at $5,000 were reported stolen
early Sunday from a truck and utility trailer at Ross Lawn Service, 2088 White
Oak Road.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Police Log;
Crash Dui Missing Person Public Drunkenness Theft

BYLINE: Police Log

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


n MARTIC TWP.: Christopher Robert Bailey was charged with driving on a suspended
license after state police found a car crashed into an embankement and abandoned
early Saturday at Martic Heights Drive and Hilldale Road. Owner Robert Bailey
told troopers the vehicle must have been stolen from his driveway. On Sunday,
Christoper Bailey admitted to driving with the owner's permission, troopers
reported.

n EAST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Justin Yohn, 27, of Columbia, was charged with driving
under the influence, speeding and another traffic violation after police said
they stopped him Oct. 25 in the 1100 block of Sunwood Lane.

n EAST HEMPFIELD TWP.: Kim Anspach, 51, of East Petersburg, was charged with
driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance after police
said they investigated a one-vehicle crash in the 2700 block of Lancaster Road.

n PROVIDENCE TWP.: Ian Matthew Wolf, 26, of New Providence Township, was
arrested for driving under the influence after police said they stopped him for
several traffic violations about 2:21 a.m. Saturday in the first block of Scott
Road.

n SALISBURY TWP.: Christian Johnson, 33, of Peru, Indiana, was charged with
driving under the influence late Saturday night by state police after being
stopped while driving on Lincoln Highway.

n BETHEL TWP., LEBANON COUNTY: Israel Salazar, 23, left his home in Bethel
Township between Friday evening and Saturday afternoon and his whereabouts are
unknown. Salazar is 5-foot, 10-inches tall, 190 pounds with a muscular build,
short dark hair and brown eyes. He was driving a black, 2002 Ford Mustang to the
Hanover area of York County when he disappeared.

n EPHRATA: Terrance L. Faus Jr., 21, of South Front Street, Columbia, was
arrested after he was reportedly running in traffic and pounding on cars on
Route 322 and in the Sheetz parking lot in the 800 block of East Main Street, at
3 a.m. Saturday. Faus demanded rides from motorists and demanded a cell phone
from people inside the store.

n SALISBURY TWP.: State police are investigating the theft last week of lottery
tickets from the Turkey Hill store on Route 41 in Gap.

n STRASBURG TWP.: Tools and equipment valued at $5,000 were reported stolen
early Sunday from a truck and utility trailer at Ross Lawn Service, 2088 White
Oak Road.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Improving Columbus Day Weekend in Biscayne National Park

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: Washington


US National Park Services, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

To protect park resources as well as the safety and welfare of visitors,
Biscayne National Park is partnering with other agencies during Columbus Day
weekend, October 10-13. It is traditionally the most dangerous weekend of the
year for those visiting the park by boat. In recent years safety has improved,
fewer boats are involved in accidents or groundings in fragile habitat, and law
enforcement entities are increasing their presence.

"Americans set this park aside for its tremendous resources, the splendor of its
scenery and the significance of its wildlife," said Superintendent Brian
Carlstrom. "We hope that visitors safely enjoy the park as it is, a national
treasure."

Special regulations are in force during Columbus Day weekend. Boats are directed
into a marked anchorage area on the northwest side of Elliott Key. No more than
five boats may be rafted together in this area. A minimum of 100 feet is
required between single vessels or groups. This allows access for emergency
services.

There is zero tolerance for boating under the influence of alcohol, excessive
noise, possessing illegal drugs or promoting unauthorized commercial activities.
To avoid arrest, fines of $5,000 or more, and the risk of injury, death or
property and resource damage, visitors are encouraged to maintain proper safety
and navigation gear, use a sober skipper, prevent littering and not operate
boats at night. Boaters should be alert for swimmers or those operating boats
under the influence of drugs or alcohol. Safety inspections and "boating under
the influence" checks are conducted throughout the weekend.

Agencies partnering with the National Park Service include the U.S. Coast Guard,
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Miami-Dade Police Department, Miami-Dade
Fire Rescue and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: aeditorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                  July 9, 2012

Job Front

SECTION: Pg. 24 Vol. 28

LENGTH: 249  words


ADVERTISING

Janet Galecki to account supervisor, account services, Mullen, Detroit, from
outbound marketing leader, Owens Corning Corp., Toledo. Also, Tim Szczesniak to
account supervisor, account services, from digital account supervisor, MRM
Worldwide, Detroit; Meg Arens to part-time account supervisor, PR and social
influence, from senior account executive, Hass MS&L, Troy; and Kaileen Connelly
to account supervisor, PR and social influence, from senior account executive.

ENGINEERING

Kevin Rettich to director of engineering, SHW Group LLC, Berkley, from associate
principal.

ENTERTAINMENT

Andy Loughnane to vice president, corporate partnerships, Palace Sports &
Entertainment LLC, Auburn Hills, from franchise lead, Corporate Executive Board,
Washington, D.C.

FINANCE

Wendy Zimmer Linehan to trust relationship officer, personal trust division,
Greenleaf Trust, Birmingham, from vice president, director of private bank
sales, Fifth Third Bank, Southfield. Also, Steven Christensen to wealth
management adviser, wealth management division, from vice president, investment
adviser, private wealth management, J.P. Morgan, Bloomfield Hills.

HEALTH CARE

Cindy Tomlinson to @HOMe support program director, Hospice of Michigan Inc.,
Detroit, from regional director of service operations, central region, Saginaw.

REAL ESTATE

Alexandra Jackiw to managing director, residential client services, McKinley
Inc., Ann Arbor, from president, Buckingham Management and Special Asset
Management, Indianapolis.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday

Shooter Now: Zach Parise will be Minnesota Wild's Pied Piper, skating coach
predicts

BYLINE: By Charley Walters cwalters@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Wild Hockey; Charley Walters

LENGTH: 240 words


The Pied Piper has come home.

"That's exactly what he is," Zach Parise's skating coach, Diane Ness, said of
the Minnesota Wild's new $98 million forward and her prized pupil of 10 years.

"I'm not kidding -- he has, like, a posse that wants to work out together and
shoot pucks together. It becomes very contagious. If you have a bad player and
the cancer grows within the (dressing) room, Zach is the exact opposite. He's
very positive. But he doesn't say, 'OK, everybody, we're going to do this.' He
just shows up, starts it, and everyone follows.

"It's going to be exciting to see how he blends all of these Wild players
together. I give the whole team a couple of months, and before you know it,
they'll all be on the ice early shooting pucks."

Ness said Parise, 27, who left the New Jersey Devils as their captain for his
home-state Wild, has that kind of influence on teammates.

"Everywhere he goes, I've seen it happen," said Ness, who is from North St. Paul
and is the Devils' skating coach. "It starts with one or two guys. In New
Jersey, it started with (Parise's influence on) Travis Zajac, who probably is
one of the best centers in the NHL. Then it grew to a couple more guys. And then
he had half the team out there, before and after (practices).

"He's like, 'Let's stick around and do some skating,' and before you know it,
the practice is four hours instead of one hour. It's just a positive influence.
I know it's going to happen."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHILADELPHIA, PA - MAY 01: Zach Parise #9 of the New Jersey Devils
looks on against the Philadelphia Flyers in Game Two of the Eastern Conference
Semifinals during the 2012 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on May 1, 2012 at the Wells
Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Len Redkoles/NHLI via
Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1039 words


COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Brenden Biggs reported Monday the $2,500 theft of a white 1995 Chevrolet Blazer
from his home on the 200 block of E. Foster Avenue.

David Mathison, Grand Coulee, Wash., reported Monday the $1,500 theft of a
bicycle from his vehicle parked on the 3600 block of N. Government Way.

Kootenai County sheriff

David Martin, employee of Granite Enterprises, reported Monday the $600 theft of
a generator from a work site on the 3500 block of W. Seltice Way in Coeur
d'Alene.

NEWS OF RECORD

Criminal sentencings

Judge Benjamin Simpson

Daniel G. Wilson, 34, Spokane; felony aggravated assault; four years determinate
penitentiary time (credit for time served), eight years indeterminate
penitentiary time, $225 fine, $150 reimbursement for defense.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Jonathan D. Davies, 18, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 180 days
in jail (170 days suspended) or proof of completion of 100 hours community
service.

Judge Barry Watson

Robert A. Thomas, 34, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine,
180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work program, 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Scott Wayman

Diana J. Wolfe, 45, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program,
90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

Anthony J. Bennett, 21, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

William R. Rentz, 58, Hayden; driving under the influence (second offense); $250
fine, 20 days in jail or 80 hours county work program, one year driver's license
suspension.

Keith H. Williams, 49, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work program,
90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Judge Patrick McFadden

Larry E. Houk, 36, Spokane; misdemeanor probation violation; five days in jail
or proof of completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

Blake R. Smith, 24, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; five days in
jail or proof of completion of Alcohol Drug Instruction School.

Civil complaints

Merrick Bank Corp. v. Debbie Tucker, seeking $1,160.

FIA Card Services v. Austin Hern, seeking $1,686.

Capital One Bank v. Jenah Nye, seeking $2,588.

Capital One Bank v. Dorane Palm, seeking $2,154.

Capital One Bank v. Wendell Holder, seeking $1,218.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Theresa Marinello, seeking $1,068.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jason Howry, seeking $1,623.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Daniel and Samantha Garrett, seeking $3,231.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Henry and Brenda Johnson, seeking $1,369.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jesse Bush, seeking $3,507.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Felina Lumley, seeking $3,069.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Ronald Hansen, seeking $2,068.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. George Lucker III, seeking $1,501.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Tara Buvel, aka Tara Elder, seeking $1,215.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Louis York, seeking $1,213.

Bruce L. Daugherty v. Northwest Homes LLC, seeking $1,289.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Dawn Kelso, seeking $9,716.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jonathan Fox, seeking $6,057.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Amanda Jacobs, seeking $1,439.

Western States Equipment Co., dba The CAT Rental Store v. Safco Inc., fdba Safco
LLC, seeking $43,494.

Capital One Bank v. Neko Wells, seeking $5,930.

Capital One Bank v. Michael Keller, seeking $26,034.

Capital One Bank v. David Williams, seeking $6,039.

Cory Culpepper v. Tracy Barnes, seeking $5,000.

Fia Card Services v. Evelyn Jones, seeking $10,944.

Civil judgments

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Debra Bergeman Chitwood and Darryl Chitwood,
plaintiff awarded $3,446.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Nathan Warnberg and Leticia Warnberg,
plaintiff awarded $1,376.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Brandon Solt, plaintiff awarded $1,217.

All Season Tire & Automotive v. Dave Turner and Susan Turner, plaintiff awarded
$3,407.

Potlatch Federal Credit Union v. James Lamanna, plaintiff awarded $4,384.

Allied Bail Bonds v. Ronald Washburn, plaintiff awarded $2,091.

Les Schwab Tire Center v. Matt Winkle, plaintiff awarded $1,132.

Sunset Automotive Inc., dba Sunset Motors v. Angela Browning, plaintiff awarded
$9,953.

Allied Bail Bonds v. Terry Moe, plaintiff awarded $1,366.

Household Bank v. David Maine, plaintiff awarded $2,872.

Capital One Bank v. Holli Shouse, plaintiff awarded $4,211.

Civil dismissals

Capital One Bank v. E.K. Foley.

Capital One Bank v. Katherine Hoover.

Capital One Bank v. Vilma Voss.

Capital One Bank v. Darlene LeBlanc.

Capital One Bank v. Whitney Fletchall.

Capital One Bank v. Lauren Melka.

Capital One Bank v. Bethany Schaff.

Divorces sought

Henry J. Johnson from Brenda L. Johnson.

Darlene L. Sheppard from Marvin D. Sheppard.

Jeffrey S. Zimmerman from Kacie C. Zimmerman.

Divorces granted

Rebecca J. Greiner from Martin J. Greiner.

Connie S. Wells from David M. Wells.

BANKRUPTCIES

Filings from April 21-23.

Chapter 7 (liquidation petitions)

Gary R. and Vanessa A. Beck, Wallace, debts of $31,498.

Tammie G. Brown, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $67,274.

Brian L. and Angela M. Neal, Kellogg, debts of $74,725.

Mark R. Campbell, Oldtown, debts of $128,458.

Dale R. and Denise L. Nickerson, Hauser, debts of $406,826.

Bryson J. and Melanie A. Talley, Clark Fork, debts of $189,863.

Rickie A. and Linda L. Voorhies, Cocolalla, debts of $236,121.

Kayla M. Plumeau, Post Falls, debts unspecified.

Marilyn L. Jarvis, Spirit Lake, debts of $40,118.

Glenn and Jolena Wilkinson, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $429,831.

Daniel E. and Emelyn C. Hopkins, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $357,075.

Matthew A. and Renee L. Mullen, Coeur d'Alene, debts of $165,477.

Scott L. and Marsha J. Porter, Spirit Lake, debts of $162,337.

Chapter 13 (wage-earner petitions)

Ken W. Foster, Hayden, debts unspecified.

Jeff L. Guglielmana, Sandpoint, debts of $188,420.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday

Even more Crime Watch for 02/18/2008

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


District Judge Harold D. Kessler's office covers Springettsbury and Hellam
townships, Hallam and Wrightsville.
DISPOSITIONS
Paul Frederick Johnson, 330 Strickler School Road, Apt. G; simple assault,
harassment, recklessly endangering another person; waived to court.

Christopher M. Slivinski, 3956 Eastgate Drive; driving under the influence:
general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived
to court.

Keith Eugene Eisenhart, 23 Perry Ave.; forgery, theft by deception; waived to
court.

Jessica M. Smith, 3360 York Haven Road, Manchester; theft by unlawful taking or
disposition, receiving stolen property, forgery; waived to court.

Christopher M. Helsel, 31 W. Maple St., East Prospect; driving under the
influence: controlled substance/metabolite; held for court.

Christopher M. Brenner, 21 E. Middle St., Apt. 1, Hanover; driving under the
influence: general impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of
alcohol; waived to court.

John E. Thorn, 426 Arundel Beach Road, Severna Park, Md.; retail theft, criminal
conspiracy-retail theft; waived to court.

Eugene L. Guiffre, 371 B Buttonwood Drive; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol; waived to court.

Lauren E. McFate, 3215 Eastern Blvd.; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol; waived to
court.

Brian E. Miller, 348 A Buttonwood Lane; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: high rate of alcohol, failure to keep
right; waived to court.

Todd Ort, 203 S. Rockford Road, Mountville; driving under the influence: general
impairment, driving under the influence: highest rate of alcohol, driving while
license suspended or revoked purs. to sec 3731/1547B1; held for court.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 3, 2004 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

European Influences On Americans' Views

BYLINE: By GRACE GLUECK

SECTION: Section E; PT2; Column 1; Leisure/Weekend Desk; ART REVIEW; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1157 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND, Me.


In the 19th and early 20th centuries American painters and sculptors were busily
discovering themselves -- and America -- through Europe and its artists. Marsden
Hartley was influenced by Cezanne, Picasso, Cubism and time spent in Germany;
Theodore Robinson was in tune with Renoir. Thomas Eakins built a solid technique
from the teachings of Jean-Leon Gerome in Paris, and Alexander Calder found a
model in the work of Miro.

''I never feel or have felt so downright New England as I do at this very
moment,'' Hartley wrote to a friend in 1929 while painting in Cezanne's stamping
ground, Aix-en-Provence. And Stuart Davis, himself much influenced by Leger,
wrote in 1930 to the American critic Henry McBride, ''Has any American artist
created a style which was unique in painting, completely divorced from European
models?''

How could Europe not be the birthplace of American painting? And do we need
another show that makes the case for the influence of our hallowed European
ancestors? But in its big summer spread that covers the topic ''Monet to
Matisse, Homer to Hartley: American Masters and their European Muses,'' the
Portland Museum of Art makes the connections between American artists and their
European mentors illuminatingly specific. And the display of 80 works, more than
a few of them top-notch, is -- by and large -- very pleasurable viewing.

Pairing works similar in style and subject matter, like those of Monet and
Childe Hassam, Courbet and Winslow Homer, Braque and Max Weber, Matisse and
Milton Avery, the show examines the influences of composition, point of view,
brushwork, color and many other aspects of picture-making absorbed by Americans
abroad. (True, ''Monet to Matisse'' sometimes comes off as a little glib,
putting together, for instance, the work of the ultra salon painter
Adolphe-William Bouguereau with that of his pupil and later wife, Elizabeth Jane
Gardner Bouguereau. But that's a quibble.)

One of the most famous examples of European influence is the work of Mary
Cassatt, whose rapport with Degas is legendary. (An expatriate in Paris, she was
the only American to become a close member of the French Impressionist circle.)
Her color-rich pastel ''Simone in a Plumed Hat'' (circa 1903) is compared here
with Degas's 1894 pastel of a seated dancer, clad in a cloud of peach tutu.
Degas influenced not only Cassatt's choice of color but also her use and method
of applying pastel, a turning point in her career.

The impact of Matisse on Avery -- who disliked critics' designation of him as
the American Matisse -- is shown in a vibrant juxtaposition of Matisse's ''3
O'Clock Sitting'' (1924) and Avery's ''Pitcher Painter'' (1945). Matisse's work
shows a model posing for a female painter in a brightly decorated room, flooded
with light by a large window. In Avery's canvas, a white jug before a big light
window serves as the subject for a female painter doing a still life.

Avery had been interested in creating simplified forms through color alone, but
close viewing of Matisse's work during the 1930's freed Avery to shun natural
color for bright, flat forms in wayward tones that emphasized the
two-dimensional nature of the canvas. His paintings and Matisse's are structured
in flat color shapes rather than traditionally modeled ones to indicate form and
depth. And Avery's painting also makes use of one of Matisse's favorite devices,
an open door or window that brings in the outdoors.

Another striking pair is Braque's ''Maison: La Roche-Guyon'' (1908) and Max
Weber's ''Connecticut Landscape'' (1911), done just two years after Weber's
return from Paris, where he had studied with Matisse and seen the work of
Cezanne and other modernists. Braque's pre-Cubist view of a town along the Seine
has a good deal of Cezanne in its outdoor subject matter, simplified planar
forms and subdued earth colors. Weber's painting was made in Westport, Conn.,
but although its colors are brighter, it is amazingly similar to Braque's work
in its woodsy scenery, staccato strokes and angular forms.

From an earlier period, Renoir's ''Confidences'' (circa 1873) and Theodore
Robinson's ''Lane'' (circa 1893) are well matched, too. Robinson worked closely
with Monet from 1888 to 1892 and had seen Renoir's work along with that of other
Impressionists in his home. These two quiet studies of people reading in woodsy
settings share the short, broken strokes and soft filtered light of
Impressionism.

The show's most arresting duo, though, is the rarely exhibited ''Summer Scene''
(1869) by the short-lived early Impressionist Frederic Bazille, paired with
Thomas Eakins's famous ''Swimming'' (1885). Each depicts a group of male bathers
in a pastoral setting. In the large Bazille canvas the men -- and one boy --
sport around a swimming hole. Only the boy is actively in the water. Among the
others, one leans against a tree in the posture of a classical St. Sebastian;
another reclines on the grass; a third awkwardly climbs out of the pond with the
help of another man; two grapple playfully on the grass a short distance away.

Despite a certain compositional gracelessness, it's a wonderful painting,
vibrantly evoking the pleasures of male companionship on an outing in the
country. The painting made a real break with the past in that the male nude was
traditionally painted in religious or historical contexts. Bazille's work placed
it in a contemporary milieu with no other than art-historical references.

The Eakins scene was done 16 years later, but probably with the Bazille painting
in mind (probably seen by Eakins at the 1870 Salon in Paris). In more somber
colors and far more formally composed, it depicts men and boys (including Eakins
himself) disporting stark naked around a stone pier jutting into the water. As
in the Bazille work, the homoerotic physicality of their bodies is very much in
evidence, although as the art historian Richard R. Brettell points out in a
fascinating essay in the catalog, the French artist chickened out by putting
trunks on his subjects.

Professor Brettell suggests that the Bazille painting ''opened the door'' for
Eakins and Cezanne in their ''later investigations of the male nude out of
doors.'' Still, he observes that as radical a force in American figure painting
as Eakins was, his work pales next to the Bazille because indoctrination by
Gerome allowed him to understand only the subject of Bazille's painting and not
the ''forms, the brush strokes and the colors that made the subject truly
revolutionary.''

Although this show sometimes slips by juxtaposing very minor figures with major
ones, it's certainly one of the treasures of the New England summer season. As a
city, Portland is always worth the trip, but ''Monet to Matisse'' makes it even
more so.

''Monet to Matisse, Homer to Hartley: American Masters and Their European
Muses'' is on view at the Portland Museum of Art, 7 Congress Square, Portland,
Me., (207) 775-6148, through Oct. 17.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Left, ''Le Viaduc (The Viaduct),'' a 1925 work by Leger, whose
influence can be found in, right, ''New York-Paris, No. 2'' (1931), by Stuart
Davis. (Photo by Melville D. McLean/Portland Museum of Art)
(Photo by Norton Museum of Art, West Palm Beach)
Large details from, left, Monet's ''Cabane des Douaniers (The Customs House)''
(1882), and, right, Childe Hassam's ''Isles of Shoals'' (1915). (Photo by
Melville D. McLean/Portland Museum of Art)
 (Photo by Christie's)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 March 4, 2002

Marion puts her heart into music.

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 276 words



Music swirled around the young Marion Montgomery as she grew up in America's
deep south.

The celebrated singer's childhood memories of growing up in Mississippi are the
major influence for her show, My Southern Heart, to be be performed in Radlett
this weekend.

Marion's show, directed by her husband Laurie Holloway, combines talk with jazz,
blues and country music, to portray life in the American south.

A mixture of musical influences shaped Marion's desire to become a singer,
including the Afro-American culture of people "always singing", the church and
the sound of the piano being played at her home.

The singer, who now lives in England, recalled: "There was a very gentle
whirlwind of music that just wound around me.

"The black influence was very important in my life," she added.

"The whole south is permeated with the influence of the African-American nature,
which I think has enriched all of America."

Marion, who was born in Natchez and whose father was in the hotel business, also
remembered: "The south was vastly different when I was a youngster everything
was coming out of the Depression, and was very parochial.

"Now it is extremely sophisticated, with theatre and ballet, and is economically
sound."

Marion's career was launched with the help of the late Peggy Lee, who advised
Capitol Records to give her a contract. In 1965, the singer, who performs
regularly at Ronnie Scott's and other venues, came to England, met and married
Laurie and had a daughter.

My Southern Heart will be at The Radlett Centre, in Aldenham Avenue, at 8pm on
Saturday, and for tickets call 01923 859291.

February 25, 2002 16:30

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 10, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Lobbyists accused of underreporting

BYLINE: LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Just look at what's going on in other states, says Common Cause lobbyist Bill
Jones, and it's obvious: Florida's lobbyists aren't reporting all the money
they spend wining and dining legislators.

Jones listed some statistics during an appearance Tuesday before a House
committee considering a bill that would tighten restrictions on lobbyists.

Florida's 2,264 lobbyists reported spending $ 1.5-million to influence
legislators during the two years that ended in December.

Compare: New York's 1,993 registered lobbyists spent $ 29.3-million in just  one
year, 1990. The state of Washington's 725 lobbyists spent $ 18.1-million.  And
in Nebraska, just 381 registered lobbyists reported spending $ 4.6-million.

"You can see that what is being reported here is a drop in the bucket to  what
is really being spent," Jones said.

Reports filed with the Legislature indicate that about 80 percent of the
state's lobbyists report spending no money to influence legislation.

Jones called a House bill "a step in the right direction" but said other
restrictions are needed to make lobbyists more accountable and let people know
who is spending money to influence legislation.

Lobbyists and the businesses they represent should be required to disclose  the
amounts they spend on things such as entertainment or bringing busloads of
people to town to talk to legislators.

Jones noted that one group paid $ 90,000 to bring singer Dionne Warwick to  town
to entertain legislators last year.

"It's important to know what is being spent to influence your decision,"  he
said.

While discussing how to tighten restrictions on lobbyists, legislators
discussed eliminating a requirement that elected officials from other
governmental agencies register as lobbyists when they come to see legislators.

Rep. Greg Gay, R-Coral Gables, said it is demeaning to public officials to
force them to register as lobbyists when they want to address the Legislature.

Jones disagreed, saying everyone who seeks to influence legislation should  have
to register, so everyone knows who is influencing the passage of laws.

The House bill would ban contingency fees, increase the penalties for those  who
violate the law and require lobbyists to report all lobbying expenditures.

Gov. Lawton Chiles doesn't think the bill goes far enough. Chiles wants to
force lobbyists to disclose fees they collect from their clients.

None of the measures are popular with lobbyists, but no lobbyists spoke  against
the bill at the House Ethics subcommittee Tuesday.

Lobbyist John French sat quietly in the back of the room, declining  comment.

"You couldn't print what I think," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 13, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Black Caucus Eyes Bigger, Broader Voice in Next Congress

Kenneth J. Cooper, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A16

LENGTH: 885 words


The Congressional Black Caucus, its influence historically limited because of a
small membership, anticipates having a bigger voice in the next Congress because
the number of black lawmakers is likely to increase by about 50 percent.

And when the enlarged black caucus does raise a collective voice, it will speak
with more of a southern accent than ever before.

Reapportionment after the 1990 Census created a dozen majority-black
congressional districts -- all but Maryland's in the South -- under new
provisions of the Voting Rights Act. Victories by two black legislators over
white candidates in Georgia runoffs Tuesday virtually guarantee that black
lawmakers will represent the 12 districts come January.

In a Senate race, Carol Moseley Braun, the Democratic nominee in Illinois, leads
her Republican opponent in the polls there.

Now there are 26 blacks in the House and none in the Senate. No more than six
blacks have entered Congress in the same session.

"I think this is a watershed point in the history of African Americans in
American politics," said Rep. John Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.), a cofounder of the
Congressional Black Caucus in 1972 and its senior member. "The caucus now will
be a more powerful influence in a Congress with fewer senior members and more
new members. The programs of the caucus will receive a much-improved hearing."

The growth of the black caucus could mean still more influence if another
expected outcome of reapportionment occurs: a decrease in the Democratic
majority from the current 268 of 435 House members.

Rep. Vic Fazio (D-Calif.), chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee, suggested that increases in black and Hispanic Democrats elected
could offset any losses the party suffers in its House majority.

"I think it's going to hold up our loyalty as our numbers go down," he said.

It is difficult to predict in which direction a decrease in the Democratic
majority will shift the House's politics. A leader of conservative House
Democrats, for instance, suggested that conservatives will have more clout, too.

So far, eight blacks have won Democratic nominations in newly created, heavily
Democratic districts: two each in Georgia and North Carolina, and one each in
Maryland, Virginia, Alabama and Texas. Primaries are still to come in South
Carolina, Louisiana and Florida, where there are two new districts with black
majorities.

The black southerners who win election also are expected to alter the internal
politics of the black caucus, which has five members from southern or border
states. Most caucus members represent northern urban districts and take little
interest in rural issues such as agriculture.

"The caucus is going to be altogether different," said Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.).
"These people represent a different breed. Most of them are state legislators,
county commissioners, and they're . . . going to be ready to work."

David Bositis, senior researcher for the Joint Center for Political Studies
here, noted that among the eight black Democratic nominees only Eva Clayton, a
county commissioner in North Carolina, has not served in a state legislature.

"They're not newcomers to legislatures. These are people who have previously
held committee positions," he said. "They know how the game is played."

Of the 26 current caucus members, 11 had legislative experience before they came
to Congress.

Bositis indicated that all consequences of the increased size of the black
caucus might not be positive. "Before, the caucus wasn't big enough to have any
factions. It's going to be big enough to have factions," he said.

Ron Lester, a pollster who works for a number of black congressional candidates,
sees some differences between this year's primary winners and their forebears in
the black caucus.

"The black candidates who are winning those races not only hold their
[political] base but also do well with the white vote," Lester said. "The black
politicians of years ago were basically advocates of the black agenda, and
that's all they did.

"These candidates are going to advocate the black agenda, but they need another
issue to appeal to white voters who make up a big percentage of the district."

Maryland state Sen. Albert Wynn (D-Prince George's), for example, won a
multicandidate primary by attracting white votes in Montgomery County. He talked
a lot about development, a premier suburban issue.

In Georgia, two of Lester's clients won in Tuesday's Democratic runoffs. He
noted that state Sen. Sanford Bishop, who defeated six-term Rep. Charles
Hatcher, enjoyed the backing of white business leaders in his hometown,
Columbus. State Rep. Cynthia McKinney, who defeated white businessman George
DeLoach, won the endorsement of the Sierra Club and hoped to attract white
voters with her environmental record.

The black southerners will bring different political styles to the House.

Bishop is a low-key legislator who spent 14 years working his way up the Georgia
House and, in 1991, into the state's Senate. In her first of two terms, McKinney
angered Georgia House colleagues by speaking out against the Persian Gulf War.
She admires the aggressive advocacy of first-term Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.).

"They're an eclectic group, just as the black caucus here," Fazio said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

CORRECTION-DATE: August 14, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: An article yesterday misstated the year that the Congressional Black
Caucus was founded. It was 1970.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, REP. JOHN CONYERS JR.; CHART

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 14, 1990, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

STAYING IN TUNE WITH APPALACHIAN FOLK MUSIC

BYLINE: Steve Pick

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 1320 words


THE music of Appalachia, a continuing thread woven through the Repertory
Theatre's play ''Precious Memories,'' is second nature to music director Edward
Morgan.  ''I grew up spending time in the mountains,'' said Morgan, whose
mission is to make sure that the folk songs and hymns are integrated as
seamlessly as the script calls for. ''I went to fiddlers conventions, square
dances and did a lot of singing.'' ''Precious Memories,'' which runs through
Feb. 2, has been produced only three times. Morgan was music director for its
premiere in Milwaukee in 1988 and will direct it in Ohio later this year.  The
play was adapted from a Chekhov short story by Romulus Linney, who could have
chosen to set it anywhere or anytime - the play's theme, the nature of greed, is
universal. But because he placed his characters in the Appalachian mountains in
the early 1920s, he was able to make use of the poetry and beauty of traditional
American folk music at the point just before it was transformed by the recording
industry into country music.  The play opens with the Musgroves, a poor farming
family that picks up a little extra money by performing spirituals and folk
songs, singing the old hymn ''Precious Memories.'' From time to time, the
family, especially daughter Judy, who becomes one of the most important
characters, can be heard singing songs such as ''Great Speckled Bird'' and
''Shady Grove.'' Linney uses the music to comment on the action and to delineate
character. The songs and dialect are like old friends to Morgan, who has a
bachelor's degree in oral traditions from Dartmouth College. Morgan, 30, grew up
in Maryland and the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia.  ''I studied folklore in
college,'' he said, ''and I had a grant to collect music in Ireland and
Brittany. That whole sort of strain of Irish-Scottish music, how it came over,
and how it developed into old-time (country music, I have a pretty good sense of
all that.'' By the time the Scots and Irish began emigrating to America in the
19th century, most of the good land near the coast was already taken, so they
moved into the hills, trying to eke out a living in any way they could.  ''It's
rotten land for farming, very rocky,'' Morgan explained. ''This left these
people in a closed-off, isolated culture. But they had brought their music with
them, and it evolved and adapted to the new land. Traditional music has always
reflected the nature of the land. But the fiddling styles, the singing styles,
the aesthetics, are really very much the same as those they brought over.
''What happened,'' he continued, ''was a mixing regionally, just between Scots
and Irish, and then there was the black influence, and some Native American
influence. Clogging, the dancing we associate with that region, has a strong
Cherokee influence. Then there was some German and some English influence, as
well.  ''So it's a very healthy gene pool, a healthy culture with hundreds of
different influences, which is good. Purists tend to think that's not good, but
actually, in a healthy musical culture, you just have all kinds of stuff acting
on each other.'' This particular healthy musical culture developed into some of
the most long-lived and beautiful music in all of the United States. In fact,
one could argue that along with the blues and jazz styles that developed from
blacks in the South, the various strains of music played by poor whites in the
southern Appalachians are among the most important our country produced before
recording technology started spreading influences farther and faster.  ''I don't
know why the northern Appalachians had less music,'' Morgan said.  ''Maybe it
was the isolation. It seems as if Ireland and Scotland have always had an
extraordinarily strong musical tradition, as opposed to many other countries. Of
course, that just may be my bias.  ''Maybe the crossover in the south between
black, white and Native had something to do with it. There was more interaction
musically. Different pockets, such as southwestern Virginia and north Georgia,
were the centers of old-time music. You also find a lot in North Carolina. But,
in that whole belt, you've got similar accents and similar styles.'' For the
people in this area, music was a part of everyday life, not just an
entertainment, which was a separate event. That is something Morgan has tried
hard to pass on to the actors in the play.  ''This music should not be like a
show,'' he said. ''It's the words you're singing as a story. It's who you're
singing to and where you're singing.  ''Folk music is always in context. With a
lot of these guys, if you take them off the farm and put that on a stage,
something is missing. Whereas, if you hear them in their yard or on their porch,
it's magic.  ''We're used to musical theater where people stop and sing and
perform. But these songs have to be part of the events. They have to be
integrated in that way.'' Morgan added, ''This music is not showy. It's simple,
straightforward. It has a kind of depth or honesty. Folk music is always about
being comfortable.  It's just a whole different aesthetic than the formality or
near athleticism of classical music, or the showy, flashy slickness of pop.''

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT of Edward Morgan

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             June 9, 2007 Saturday

3rd OUI nets jail for man

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 413 words


PITTSFIELD -- A Berkshire County native who now lives in Florida received a
one-year jail sentence yesterday when he pleaded guilty in Central Berkshire
District Court to his third drunken-driving offense.

Wayne M. Stanley, 47, of Daytona Beach has actually been arrested five times for
driving under the influence of alcohol, with charges filed against him in
Massachusetts, Florida and Vermont.

However, District Court Judge James B. McElroy agreed with the commonwealth's
request to amend the complaint to three convictions for operating under the
influence, if Stanley agreed to plead guilty and serve a one-year jail sentence.

Assistant District Attorney James M. Peterson said the proposed sentence was
part of an agreed-upon sentencing recommendation between the commonwealth and
Stanley's attorney, Joseph G. Vosit of Pittsfield.

McElroy agreed to amend the complaint because Stanley's first two arrests for
operating under the influence of alcohol occurred in 1979.

"In light of the fact that they are almost 30 years old, I'll accept that,"
McElroy said.

McElroy also recommended that Stanley complete a seven-month substance-abuse
program while incarcerated at the county jail, and that he serve his entire
sentence without being paroled.

"I want him to do the full year," McElroy said.

Referring to Stanley's drunken driving in 1979, 1982, 1997 and last month,
McElroy said, "something is not right here."

"The commonwealth is within its rights to go forward indicting you in Superior
Court where you would be facing five years," McElroy said. "You've got to stop
drinking and driving."

According to Peterson, Stanley was arrested May 9 by Lanesborough Police at
12:30 a.m. after they stopped his car going 65 miles per hour in a 50 mph zone
on Cheshire Road.

Stanley had trouble opening the car's door when asked by police to step out of
the vehicle, and he failed several field sobriety tests. A preliminary test
indicated his blood-alcohol level to be 0.214, well about the state level of
.08, Peterson said.

Stanley also was found responsible for one count of speeding, a civil infraction
that police had lodged along with the drunken-driving charge.

A native of North Adams, Stanley has lived in Florida for more than 20 years,
Vosit said. Stanley had returned to the Berkshires for a construction job with
his friends and will go back to Florida once he has served his sentence, Vosit
said.

Tony Dobrowolski can be reached at tdobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com or at (413)
496-6224.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 29, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Old Left

BYLINE: By Nick Salvatore;   Nick Salvatore, the author of "We All Got History:
The Memory Books of Amos Webber," teaches history at Cornell University.

SECTION: Section 7;  Page 25;  Column 2;  Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 687 words



DIRECT ACTION
Radical Pacifism
From the Union Eight to the Chicago Seven.
By James Tracy.
Illustrated. 196 pp. Chicago:
University of Chicago Press.
Cloth, $34.95. Paper, $10.95.

Contrary to the image that has prevailed since the 1960's, the American New Left
was no nova flashing unexpectedly in the darkened sky, then fading quickly into
oblivion. While that generation of young activists did reject both the
mainstream politics of the 1950's and the ideologies of an older Communist and
Socialist left, even the most avid New Leftists could acknowledge the impact of
particular intellectuals (C. Wright Mills and Herbert Marcuse, for example) or
point to the inspiration of various third-world revolutionaries, however
inappropriate those figures might be for Americans. It is the contribution of
James Tracy, in his modest but insightful first book, "Direct Action," to
explore certain historical influences on the New Left that underscore its deep
roots in an American tradition of dissent.

Mr. Tracy finds the source of these influences in the movement known as radical
pacifism, and specifically in the actions of the Union Eight, a group of
students at Union Theological Seminary who, in 1940, refused to cooperate with
the new Selective Service System. Opposed to both war and the "totalitarian
nature" of the modern state as embodied in the military draft, the radical
pacifist movement grew only modestly during World War II, but its charismatic
leadership exerted an influence well beyond the membership figures. Men like
David Dellinger, Jim Peck, Bayard Rustin, James Farmer and A. J. Muste
influenced the coming generation of student radicals through their work in the
Congress of Racial Equality and the Fellowship of Reconciliation, as well as in
their involvement with the young Martin Luther King Jr. in the Montgomery, Ala.,
bus boycott of 1955-56, in the Freedom Rides of the late 40's, 50's and early
60's, and in a wide variety of anti-nuclear demonstrations.

The most important legacy of the radical pacifists, however, was in the realm of
ideas and tactics: theirs was a politics rooted in the primacy of individual
conscience (so much so that Reinhold Niebuhr, a professor at Union Seminary at
the time, thought their politics "anarchistic"). Their anti-statism, grounded in
religious faith, diverged sharply from Communist and Socialist traditions, and
led them toward Gandhi and so to nonviolent direct action as the method of
protest. They also stressed race -- not class -- as the nation's central moral
issue.

Radical pacifism, never a mass movement, operated more at the fringes of other
protest groups, and thus could insist on organizational decentralization and
participatory democracy as essential goals. In this way, it achieved its
greatest political influence during the early years of the anti-Vietnam War
protests, with people like David Dellinger, A. J. Muste and Staughton Lynd
playing prominent roles. The widespread draft resistance in the mid-60's
established an even clearer link to that older generation. But, Mr. Tracy
suggests, in that influence lay the student demonstrators' problem. While
radical pacifism gave the New Left its "major protest method" in nonviolent
direct action, and helped "in the reconstitution of American dissent during the
1950's and 1960's," the individualist thrust of this tradition made it difficult
for the students to create "sustainable alternatives" for American society.
Radical pacifism was susceptible to "a destructive sectarianism" that reappeared
in the late 60's. One might add that the image of David Dellinger joining with
the Yippies, those archetypical individualists, during the 1968 Democratic
National Convention revealed both the possibilities and the limitations of this
radical individualism.

"Direct Action" is too brief to present a full analysis of radical pacifism's
history and influence. Still, it is perceptive about a small slice of our recent
past, and it reminds us that even America's dissenting traditions tend to be
grounded in the nation's pervasive individualistic culture.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

To bolster a new year's resolution, ask, don't tell

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  "Will you exercise this year?" That simple question can be a game-changing
technique for people who want to influence their own or others' behavior,
according to a recent study spanning 40 years of research.





 The research is the first comprehensive look at more than 100 studies examining
the 'question-behavior effect,' a phenomenon in which asking people about
performing a certain behavior influences whether they do it in the future. The
effect has been shown to last more than six months after questioning.



 Writing in the Journal of Consumer Psychology, marketing researchers from the
University of California, Irvine, the University at Albany, State University of
New York, the University of Idaho and Washington State University examined why
the effect occurs. Their findings offer guidance to social marketers, policy
makers and others seeking to impact human behavior.



 Why questions can influence behavior



 "If you question a person about performing a future behavior, the likelihood of
that behavior happening will change," said Dave Sprott, a co-author and senior
associate dean of the Carson College of Business, Washington State University.



 The basic idea is that when people are asked 'Will you recycle?' it causes a
psychological response that can influence their behavior when they get a chance
to recycle. The question reminds them that recycling is good for the environment
but may also make them feel uncomfortable if they are not recycling. Thus, they
become motivated to recycle to alleviate their feelings of discomfort.



 Overall, the researchers' findings suggest questioning is a relatively simple
yet effective technique to produce consistent, significant changes across a wide
domain of behaviors. The technique can sway people toward cheating less in
college, exercising more, recycling, or reducing gender stereotyping.



 Benefits of using the technique



 "We found the effect is strongest when questions are used to encourage behavior
with personal and socially accepted norms, such as eating healthy foods or
volunteering," said Eric R. Spangenberg, first author and dean of the Paul
Merage School of Business, University of California, Irvine. "But it can be used
effectively to even influence consumer purchases, such as a new computer."



 "It is pretty easy to ask a question, and it can be done in a variety of means,
such as ads, mailers, online media, and interpersonal communications," said
Sprott.



 The researchers found the question-behavior effect to be strongest when
questions are administered via a computer or paper-and-pencil survey, and when
questions are answered with a response of 'yes' or 'no.' They also found that
those using the technique are better off not providing a specific time frame for
the target behavior.



 The study suggests that the technique will be less impactful on habits or
behaviors that consumers have done a lot. The researchers also advise using
caution asking about vices like skipping class or drinking alcohol. In their
review, they found a study showing that people asked about vices later did them
more than a control group.



 Tips for New Year's resolution makers and others



 The researchers suggest the key to influencing someone's behavior is to ask a
question rather than make a statement. For example, parents asking their high
school-age children, 'Will you drink and drive?' should be more effective than
when they say, 'Don't drink and drive.'



 For people making New Year's resolutions, a question like, 'Will I exercise --
yes or no?' may be more effective than declaring, 'I will exercise.'



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

To bolster a new year's resolution, ask, don't tell

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  "Will you exercise this year?" That simple question can be a game-changing
technique for people who want to influence their own or others' behavior,
according to a recent study spanning 40 years of research.





 The research is the first comprehensive look at more than 100 studies examining
the 'question-behavior effect,' a phenomenon in which asking people about
performing a certain behavior influences whether they do it in the future. The
effect has been shown to last more than six months after questioning.



 Writing in the Journal of Consumer Psychology, marketing researchers from the
University of California, Irvine, the University at Albany, State University of
New York, the University of Idaho and Washington State University examined why
the effect occurs. Their findings offer guidance to social marketers, policy
makers and others seeking to impact human behavior.



 Why questions can influence behavior



 "If you question a person about performing a future behavior, the likelihood of
that behavior happening will change," said Dave Sprott, a co-author and senior
associate dean of the Carson College of Business, Washington State University.



 The basic idea is that when people are asked 'Will you recycle?' it causes a
psychological response that can influence their behavior when they get a chance
to recycle. The question reminds them that recycling is good for the environment
but may also make them feel uncomfortable if they are not recycling. Thus, they
become motivated to recycle to alleviate their feelings of discomfort.



 Overall, the researchers' findings suggest questioning is a relatively simple
yet effective technique to produce consistent, significant changes across a wide
domain of behaviors. The technique can sway people toward cheating less in
college, exercising more, recycling, or reducing gender stereotyping.



 Benefits of using the technique



 "We found the effect is strongest when questions are used to encourage behavior
with personal and socially accepted norms, such as eating healthy foods or
volunteering," said Eric R. Spangenberg, first author and dean of the Paul
Merage School of Business, University of California, Irvine. "But it can be used
effectively to even influence consumer purchases, such as a new computer."



 "It is pretty easy to ask a question, and it can be done in a variety of means,
such as ads, mailers, online media, and interpersonal communications," said
Sprott.



 The researchers found the question-behavior effect to be strongest when
questions are administered via a computer or paper-and-pencil survey, and when
questions are answered with a response of 'yes' or 'no.' They also found that
those using the technique are better off not providing a specific time frame for
the target behavior.



 The study suggests that the technique will be less impactful on habits or
behaviors that consumers have done a lot. The researchers also advise using
caution asking about vices like skipping class or drinking alcohol. In their
review, they found a study showing that people asked about vices later did them
more than a control group.



 Tips for New Year's resolution makers and others



 The researchers suggest the key to influencing someone's behavior is to ask a
question rather than make a statement. For example, parents asking their high
school-age children, 'Will you drink and drive?' should be more effective than
when they say, 'Don't drink and drive.'



 For people making New Year's resolutions, a question like, 'Will I exercise --
yes or no?' may be more effective than declaring, 'I will exercise.'



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Police raid Internet cafe in Milpitas for illegal gambling

BYLINE: by Ian Bauer, Milpitas Post

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 896 words


A curtain of black Venetian blinds remained drawn this week behind the tinted
glass windows and adjacent doors of Net Connection within a Milpitas strip mall.
The closure of the Internet cafe, now being called an illegal gambling operation
by authorities, followed last week's joint raid by Milpitas Police Department
and California Department of Justice on the premises at 1343 Jacklin Road.

On May 7 at about 2 p.m., Milpitas police, along with other law enforcement
personnel, executed a search warrant at the business related to suspected
illegal online gambling.

"We had numerous complaints and tips from businesses and residents in the area,"
Milpitas police Sgt. Raj Maharaj said, adding the business was a known problem
to police for months. "Patrol officers had made numerous arrests of patrons from
Net Connection on various criminal charges."

During the raid, Maharaj noted police confiscated various types of computer
equipment and related machines from within the business.

"We can't disclose the types of games played as our investigation is ongoing,"
Maharaj said. "We also seized an undisclosed amount of cash."

Upon police arrival, Net Connection was open for business.

"But the owner was not there," Maharaj said.

Seven patrons were arrested for various charges, unrelated to the search
warrant.

According to Milpitas police, Domingo Castillo, 36, of Fremont, was arrested for
being under the influence of a controlled substance and violation of a
restraining order; Kathleen Loughborough, 41, of Milpitas, was arrested for
being under the influence of a controlled substance; Cassidy Cheskiewicz, 27, of
Fremont, arrested for being under the influence of a controlled substance;
Derick Stroud, 32, of Oakland, arrested for being under the influence of a
controlled substance; Carlos Pulido,42, of San Jose, arrested for being under
the influence of a controlled substance and providing a false name and for an
outstanding warrant; Florjay Maniling, 31, of Union City; and Leonard Perez, 61,
of San Jose, were arrested for possession of a controlled substance and
possession of drug paraphernalia.

No other arrests including that of the owner had been announced in what is being
called an ongoing Milpitas Police Department investigation.

"Our detectives are still working the case," Maharaj said.

Michelle Gregory, a California Department of Justice public information officer,
said her agency supported the Net Connection raid.

"We assist local agencies by providing our expertise and resources in how to
write search warrants," Gregory said, adding the crackdown on this business was
not part of a larger statewide operation. "The state is assisting so we don't
seize anything. Those items are booked by the local agency. Prosecution would be
handled by the county DA."

Gregory said Internet cafes or online gambling operations tend to operate
differently depending on the business.

"But they are usually offering a place where people pay money for some sort of
prize," she said. "How they are established or set up typically lies within the
city and whatever business license they obtain."

According to multiple stories by the Bay Area News Group, under what are
sometimes called sweepstakes cafes, patrons can purchase time on computers for
sweepstakes games that appear to be casino-type gambling. The sweepstakes games
allow patrons to insert an electronic card or pin code into a computer that
gives them a certain number of chances to win, depending on how much Internet or
phone card time is purchased.

In December, the California Bureau of Gambling Control issued an advisory that
the sweepstakes games offered at the Internet cafes are illegal under state law.

This year, California Assemblyman Rudy Salas, D-Bakersfield, proposed Assembly
Bill 1439 to prohibit Internet cafes statewide. According to the bill's
language, "These Internet sweepstakes are thinly veiled gambling operations that
establish themselves in an economically depressed area, accrue hundreds of
thousands of dollars through online gambling and close when apprehended by law
enforcement. Often, these illegal gambling cafés will then re-open in a new
location, threatening to negatively impact another neighborhood in the
community. Recently, there has been a growing proliferation of these gaming
operations throughout the state."

Assembly Bill 1439 remains in committee for further review.

This week, at businesses neighboring the closed Net Connection, some were not
aware of the activities at the Internet café.

Camtu Thai, owner of the month-old L& L Pure Water at 1307 Jacklin Road, said
she had not noticed anything out of the ordinary at the normally quiet strip
mall prior to the police raid.

"It's OK here, but my store just opened," Thai said.

But others like Fran Norlock, owner of 8 Dental Laboratory at 1351 Jacklin Road,
said Net Connection seemed suspicious and did appear to have gambling machines
inside -- including something that looked like a slot machine.

"I was seeing a lot of people going in and out of there," Norlock added, noting
many patrons looked unkempt and often took cigarette breaks near her business.
"They looked like gamblers; they were addicted to gambling."

Norlock, however, said she was still surprised when police raided Net Connection
as she assumed the business had received a license to operate legally within the
city of Milpitas.

"I had no idea," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IDAHO RECORDS

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 619 words


POLICE BLOTTER

COEUR D'ALENE POLICE

Garret Quinn reported Tuesday the $680 theft of cash from his 2002 Chevrolet
Trailblazer parked at State Motel, 1314 E. Sherman Ave.

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE SCOTT WAYMAN

Jeremy W. Hayes, 36, Coeur d'Alene; misdemeanor probation violation; 30 days in
jail or proof of completion of treatment.

Scott E. Langlitz, 49, Rathdrum; invalid driver's license; $250 fine, 10 days in
jail or 16 hours county work program.

JUDGE CLARK PETERSON

Haley J. Perry, 22, Hayden; frequenting a place where a controlled substance is
used, etc.; $250 fine, five days in jail or 16 hours county work program.

Thomas W. Torgerson, 47, Coeur d'Alene; operating a watercraft under the
influence; $1,000 fine ($200 suspended), 180 days in jail (176 days suspended)
or 16 hours county work program, 10 days unscheduled jail time, one year
probation.

Rock D. Bass, 50, Spokane Valley; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine ($200
suspended), 180 days in jail (170 days suspended) or 40 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, one year probation.

JUDGE PENNY FRIEDLANDER

Susan Porter, 62, Dalton Gardens; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine, 180
days in jail (140 days suspended) or 80 hours community service, two years
probation.

Robert W. Laverdure, 25, Post Falls; disturbing the peace; $500 fine ($300
suspended), 180 days in jail (160 days suspended), two years probation.

Blake A. Engelbrecht, 24, Post Falls; driving under the influence; $1,000 fine
($200 suspended), 90 days in jail (85 days suspended) or 16 hours county work
program, 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

Dillon J. Ramsey, 22, Coeur d'Alene; count I: failure to notify upon striking
unattended vehicle; $1,000 fine ($700 suspended), 180 days in jail (175 days
suspended), two years probation. Count II: driving without privileges; $300
fine, five days in jail. Counts concurrent.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Discover Bank v. Daniel Ulbright, seeking $2,481.

Numerica Credit Union v. Neil and Kathleen Uhrig, aka Kathleen Lederle, seeking
an amount to be proved at trial.

Discover Bank v. B. Douglas Bacon, seeking $8,769.

Discover Bank v. Diane Shipman, seeking $19,517.

North Idaho Credit Corp. v. Adam Wood and Nichole Wood, seeking $1,974.

Discover Bank v. Jack Ross, seeking $2,054.

Citibank v. Dolores Traxler, seeking $7,685.

Citibank v. Frances Bandy, seeking $16,066.

Idaho State Industrial Commission v. Xthings Manufacturing Inc., dba Custom
Tile, Ron Lahr, Jonathan Pool and Scott Carpenter, seeking $3,125.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Heather Toombs and
Joseph Toombs, seeking $2,485.

Ruth Spieker and Ken and Ruth Moeller v. Joshua Doyle and Chad Mobarry, seeking
an amount to be proved at trial.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Ryan Ayles, plaintiff awarded $1,767.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Lotti Isbell and Louis Hays, plaintiff awarded $3,548.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Wendy and James Christmann, plaintiff awarded $5,968.

Peterson Enterprises Inc., dba Valley Empire Collection v. Paul Librande,
plaintiff awarded $1,149.

ACS Inc. of Idaho v. Clifford and Heather Lickfold aka Heather Stephenson,
plaintiff awarded $3,140.

Discover Bank v. Ronnie Horne, plaintiff awarded $6,188.

Discover Bank v. Jeanie Prince, plaintiff awarded $5,317.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Aaron Jewett, plaintiff awarded $1,946.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. William Keeley III.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

Howard L. Griffiths from Addie L. Daryanani.

Floyd W. Rex from Jennifer L. Rex.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Steven E. Deboer from Amy E. Deboer.

Aubrey M. Howlett from Lawrence A. Howlett.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho records

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 851 words


IDAHO RECORDS

NEWS OF RECORD

KOOTENAI COUNTY

CRIMINAL SENTENCINGS

JUDGE FRED GIBLER

Ryan L. Seder, 38, Great Falls; felony drug trafficking in methamphetamine;
three years determinate penitentiary time (626 days credited), $10,000 fine.

JUDGE CLARK PETERSON

Brandon W. Shaffer, 21, Rockford; Count I: driving under the influence; $500
fine, 180 days in jail (suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two
years probation. Count II: use or possession of drug paraphernalia with intent
to use; $1,000 fine, 90 days in jail.

JUDGE BARRY WATSON

Lee W. Rollins, 22, Hayden; driving under the influence (excessive): $2,000 fine
($1,000 suspended), one year in jail (355 days suspended) or 40 hours county
work program, one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE ROBERT CALDWELL

Timothy G. Fleck, 52, Kalispell, Mont.; Count I: driving under the influence;
$500 fine, 180 days in jail (175 days suspended, five days credited), 90 days
driver's license suspension, two years probation. Count II: driving under the
influence; $500 fine, 180 days in jail (175 days suspended, five days credited),
90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation. Counts concurrent.

Adam S. Buchanan, 23, Coeur d'Alene; Count I: carrying a concealed weapon
without a permit; $500 fine, 180 days in jail (176 days suspended), two years
probation. Count II: driving under the influence; $500 fine, 180 days in jail
(176 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years probation.

James K. Gleason, 55, Coeur d'Alene; driving under the influence (excessive);
$1,000 fine ($200 suspended), one year in jail (355 days suspended, 10 days
credited), one year driver's license suspension, two years probation.

JUDGE EUGENE MARANO

Kevin E. Otte, 46, Rathdrum; driving under the influence; $800 fine, 180 days in
jail (178 days suspended), 90 days driver's license suspension, two years
probation.

CIVIL COMPLAINTS

Gentry Finance v. Frankie Hendrix, seeking $1,041.

Christopher Kunishige and Tina Kunishige v. Shawn Gust, seeking $5,059.

Christopher Kunishige and Tina Kunishige v. Alecia Warren, seeking $5,000.

Capital One Bank v. Mandi Belieu, seeking $1,033.

Vion Holdings LLC and HSBC Bank Nevada/Best Buy v. Richard Willoughby, seeking
$1,592.

Midland Funding LLC v. Gina Olsen, seeking $1,402.

LVNV Funding LLC and HSBC Bank Nevada v. Kenneth Clifton, seeking $1,784.

Harvest Credit Management VII and Household Bank v. Eric Pezley, seeking $5,114.

Capital One Bank v. Garth Collings, seeking $11,664.

Ewing Anderson v. Cindy Vormestrand, seeking $9,327.

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Joel Diekhoff, seeking $5,786.

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Kerry Damiano, seeking $4,025.

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Cassie Roth, seeking $4,685.

Advanced Accounts Recovery LLC v. Kimberly Tomlinson and Adrian Tomlinson,
seeking $9,176.

Gentry Finance v. Jessica Tarulis, seeking $1,225.

Gentry Finance v. Caitlin Herman, seeking $1,290.

CIVIL JUDGMENTS

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Natalie Porter, plaintiff awarded $1,434.

Amendola & Doty PLLC v. Michael Kidd, plaintiff awarded $1,174.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Tina Felan, plaintiff awarded $1,798.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Jeanne Linenberger, plaintiff awarded $2,884.

Jodi Bland and the estate of Joan Booth v. Raymond Clark, plaintiff awarded
$1,674.

Asset Acceptance LLC v. Armando Posada, plaintiff awarded $1,716.

Security Credit Services LLC v. Kamiah Schmillen, plaintiff awarded $4,765.

Equable Ascent Financial LLC v. Andy Renfrew, plaintiff awarded 2,840.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Christopher Davis, plaintiff awarded $2,429.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Kelly Latham, plaintiff awarded $1,744.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Senie Lankford, plaintiff awarded $5,972.

Chapman Financial Services Inc. v. Eric Sizemore, plaintiff awarded $3,492.

CIVIL DISMISSALS

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Terry Reed.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Lisa Paquin.

Quik Cash No. 767 v. Todd Brunetti.

Automated Accounts Inc. v. Brennen McCown.

DIVORCES SOUGHT

David L. Willey from Lorna E. Willey.

Kristina E. Yow from David G. Yow.

Lisa K. Short from Howard I. Short.

Sonia M. Smith from Justin D. Smith.

DIVORCES GRANTED

Bridget Eismann from Pat Eismann.

Amanda L. Remington from Christopher L. Remington.

Traci J. Jewell from Ryan K. Jewell.

Nicholes D. Newton from Amanda F. Newton.

Brandon J. Gilbert from Tiffany D. Ball.

Brandi R. Randles from Damon J. Randles.

BANKRUPTCIES

FILINGS FROM OCT. 8-10.

CHAPTER 7 (LIQUIDATION PETITIONS)

George D. Burson, Cocolalla, debts of $196,357.

Gerald D. Powell, Hayden, debts of $59,211.

Donald W. L. and Janice M. Warren, fka William D. Warren, aka Bill D.L. Warren,
Dalton Gardens, debts of $397,139.

Jay Q. and Michelle l. Sturgell, fdba Jay Q. Sturgell P.A., Coeur d'Alene, debts
of $612,346.

William W. and Charmaine M. Peterson, Hayden, debts of $148,413.

Jamin A. and Amanda K. Van Huss, Pinehurst, debts of $156,612.

Mark A. and Jessica R. Pannell, Athol, debts of $350,703.

Steven E. K. Cole, aka S. E. Kipley Cole and Sonda L. Cole, aka Sona L. Cole,
Hayden, debts of $248,514.

TYPE: Official Records

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 20, 2012 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judicial Elections and the Bottom Line

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 415 words


This year, 32 states will be holding contested elections or retention votes for
judges on their highest courts. An ideological battle in Florida, an expensive
and partisan one in North Carolina and others are providing uncomfortable
lessons about why judges on the highest courts should be appointed rather than
elected. Elections turn judges into politicians, and the need to raise money to
finance ever more expensive campaigns makes the judiciary more vulnerable to
improper influence by donors.Special interests, like the casino, energy and
hospital industries and others, have been heavily involved and sometimes find
their ways around disclosure rules and exert their influence through independent
expenditures, reducing race after race into a contest of slogans.

In six states where spending has been especially heavy -- Alabama, Illinois,
Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas -- the harm to justice is well
documented. A new report by the Center for American Progress has shown that in
those states, impartiality appears diminished. It noted, ''The high courts that
have seen the most campaign spending are much more likely to rule in favor of
big businesses and against individuals who have been injured, scammed, or
subjected to discrimination.''

The center found that in 403 cases between 2000 and 2010, the courts in those
states ruled in favor of corporations 71 percent of the time, notably more often
than the odds would predict. From Karl Rove in Alabama to the Tea Party and the
Koch brothers' Americans for Prosperity in Wisconsin, some of the most
aggressive conservative shapers of American politics today have helped push
state courts to the right.

While individual judges may not sell their votes outright, political donors have
an interest in electing judges who support their point of view. Businesses and
their surrogates have deep pockets to contribute to campaigns, giving them
tremendous sway in the elections.

With almost 40 percent of the spending in elections for top state courts in
2009-10 coming from lawyers, lobbyists and business interests, according to the
Brennan Center for Justice, it is not surprising that candidates who favor
business are getting elected as top-court judges or that they are taking legal
positions that businesses favor.

State courts decide 95 percent of the country's legal cases. They are damaged by
money-soaked elections. The evidence mounts that top state judges should be
picked and appointed through merit selection, not elected.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/08/20/opinion/judicial-elections-and-the-bottom-line
.html

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SUNSHINE STATE BASKING UNDER THE NATION'S GAZE

BYLINE: Dan Majors, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: NATIONAL; THE ROAD TO THE WHITE HOUSE; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1123 words


ORLANDO, Fla. -- While Mitt Romney shook hands with the Republican voters who he
hopes will support him in today's Florida presidential primary, state Sen. Mike
Haridopolos stood to the side of the swarming news media, his arms folded and a
proud smile on his tanned face.

Not so much because Mr. Romney, the candidate he has endorsed, leads in all the
polls, but because Mr. Haridopolos has been vindicated.

Mr. Haridopolos, R-Merritt Island, is president of the Florida Senate and the
man who championed moving Florida's primary from Super Tuesday in March to its
own date in January, a controversial step that prompted Iowa and New Hampshire
to respond in kind.

"It was a risk," he said, "but it's paying off. It's nice to be proved right."

For years, Florida's growth has not been limited to its burgeoning population.
It also has been growing more influential in terms of national politics.

Mr. Haridopolos, 41, a native New Yorker, attended college at Stetson University
in DeLand, Fla., and began a career as a history teacher before being elected to
the Legislature in 2001. A solid Republican, he saw Florida become key in the
general elections and decided the state needed to be more elemental to the
nominating process.

That meant moving the primary up.

The Republican National Committee opposed the move, which violated party rules,
and penalized Florida 49 of its 99 delegates at the GOP convention this summer
in Tampa. With a tightly contested race for the nomination, those lost delegates
could hurt Florida's influence further down the road.

But today, Mr. Haridopolos is happy.

In the past few months, the race for the nomination has brought Florida
attention, power and money. The airwaves crackle with political ads and the
hotels are filled with campaign workers and reporters.

"The eyes of the nation are on Florida," Mr. Haridopolos said, calling the
primary "a jackpot."

"Florida is a bellwether state," he said, "and we should influence the direction
of the nation."

Several decades ago, the course of America was charted in the Northeast, the
Midwest and Virginia. Before the advent of air conditioning and mosquito
control, the Sunshine State was hot and swampy. The state had little in the way
of mineral resources and its agriculture was essentially limited to citrus
groves.

There were no super theme parks, and the tourism industry relied on beaches and
spring training baseball.

In the first part of the 20th century, it was one of the smaller states with a
population of less than 2 million. Now, it's around 20 million, making it the
fourth-largest state in the nation and moving up fast on New York.

Florida's population growth between the 2000 census and that of 2010 was more
than 2.8 million people, an increase of 17.6 percent, the eighth-largest jump in
the nation.

The number of people who moved to Florida in the first 10 years of this century
exceeds the total population of 17 states and is within a few thousand people of
three others. The growth alone amounts to more than the entire population of
Delaware, Vermont, Wyoming and North Dakota combined.

Much of Florida's population growth is from other states and other countries.

According to The Almanac of American Politics 2010, only 1 of 3 residents is a
native and more than 10 percent of them are not citizens. It breaks down: 61
percent white, 20 percent Hispanic and 15 percent black.

The southern part of the state has always been a haven for the Hispanic
population, having seen two significant waves of Cuban immigrants -- first when
Fidel Castro took hold in the early 1960s and again when refugees fled in the
1980s. Others have come from the Caribbean and Latin America.

The northern part -- particularly the panhandle, known as the "Redneck Riviera,"
that runs under Alabama and Georgia -- is conservative and for a long time stuck
to the ways of Jim Crow.

The central belt of the state is a mix of everything Florida has to offer. Tampa
Bay, Orlando and the Space Coast have been built on golf carts, roller coasters
and rocket ships.

The heaviest influx of newcomers always has come from New York and the rest of
the Northeast, and a significant number of them are retirees. Twenty percent of
Florida is older than 65, the nation's largest percentage of senior citizens.

Veterans make up 12 percent of the population, and the number of media markets
and state universities support an informed, well-educated population. High-tech
and international industries thrive.

But the economy is built upon a foundation of small businesses. The Almanac of
American Politics reports that 98 percent of the companies in Florida have fewer
than 100 employees. The state led the nation in small-business starts during the
1990s.

More than 85 percent of Florida is considered urban, a sharp shift from the days
when cattle ranches and orange groves dominated the state. The median income is
$46,602, and the average home value is just over $200,000.

The tax structure in Florida also is appealing. Residents embrace a high sales
tax rather than an income tax because so much of the money that changes hands is
from tourists.

But not all the issues of importance in Florida are traditional conservative
matters such as the economy and social values. There is the environment.
Florida's delicate ecosystem -- with a limited freshwater supply, its pristine
beaches, its wildlife and the precious Everglades -- is fiercely protected by
residents and the politicians who hope to stay in office.

Anyone who has followed Florida's growth knows that two of the biggest factors
in its economy over the past decades have been construction and real estate,
both of which have struggled in the recent recession. Florida's growth
continues, but not at the pace it once did.

Like voters in all other parts of the nation, Floridians are concerned about
jobs. The unemployment rate in the Sunshine State is near 10 percent. And
Florida has one of the highest foreclosure rates in the country -- accounting
for half of the nation's foreclosures in 2007 and 2008.

Republicans have held all the statewide offices and large majorities in the
Legislature since asserting themselves in the 1990s. Republican Jeb Bush won two
terms as governor and remains hugely popular. His refusal to endorse any of the
candidates in the Florida primary was seen as very frustrating, not only to the
candidates but to the voters who trust him.

And yet Democrats haven't disappeared. The party holds its own in the
presidential elections, as President Bill Clinton won in 1996 and Vice President
Al Gore came notoriously close in 2000, when a 36-day recount showed ... well,
it depends on who you talk to.

In 2008, the state went with President Barack Obama, a course that Republicans
set out to reverse today.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dan Majors: dmajors@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1456. /

GRAPHIC: CHART: Florida Division of Elections; Post-Gazette: (Breakdown of
Florida voters)
PHOTO: Florida state Senate President Mike Haridopolos "We should influence the
direction of the nation."
PHOTO: Photo illustration/ Matt Rourke and Paul Sancya/Associated Press: ON THE
FRONT LINES WITH THE FRONT-RUNNERS Monday, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich,
left, speaks in Pensacola while, at Pioneer Park in Dunedin, a supporter holds
up a sign for former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            April 29, 2009 Wednesday

More Crime Watch for 04/29/2009

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 246 words


District Judge Walter R. Groom's office covers Spring Garden Township, North
York and West York.
DISPOSITIONS
Michael Glasgow, 163 E. Cottage Place; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, obedience to traffic control devices; waived to court.

Andrew J. Crow, 2620 Sunset Lane; possess instrument of crime with intent,
defiant trespass/posted; waived to court.

Robert E. Heiland, 501 W. King St.; theft by unlawful taking, receiving stolen
property; waived to court.

Michael S. Rineholt, 1531 11th Ave.; receiving stolen property; waived to court.

David R. Roaldsen, 35 N. High St., Spring Grove; driving under the influence:
general impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence:
highest rate of alcohol, driving under suspension; held for court.

Autumn L. Braham, 1208 E. King St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: high rate
of alcohol, driving under the influence: controlled substance, expired
inspection, no insurance; waived to court.

Sean C. Fantom, 1229 Glendale Road; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, careless driving; waived to court.

Racio Z. Cruz, 954 N. George St.; driving under the influence: general
impairment/incapable of driving safely, driving under the influence: highest
rate of alcohol, drivers required to be licensed; waived to court.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               January 6, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MCCAIN'S APPEAL TO FCC ON BEHALF OF CONTRIBUTOR DRAWS CRITICISM

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H.


Sen. John McCain was forced to defend his campaign pledge to end the corrupting
influence of big money in politics Wednesday after reports that he recently
intervened with a federal agency on behalf of a major contributor.

McCain, R-Ariz., chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, said he did nothing
improper when he urged the Federal Communications Commission in a letter Dec. 10
to make a prompt decision on whether Paxson Communications should be allowed to
buy a Pittsburgh television station. Various news organizations reported that he
had written the letter at the behest of the company's Washington lobbyist.

"I didn't ask them to approve or disapprove (Paxson's application), simply to
make a decision," McCain said.

Aides to McCain confirmed that Paxson Communications had helped the senator
raise about $ 20,000 in contributions to his presidential campaign and that a
private jet owned by the company was used for four campaign-related trips - two
within a day of the Dec. 10 letter to the FCC.

McCain said his presidential campaign had reimbursed the company at the
equivalent rate of first-class air fare. He also pointed out that Paxson makes
its corporate jets available to all members of Congress when they are not in use
by the company.

Still, McCain's letter to the FCC, written barely a week before he joined
Democrat Bill Bradley in New Hampshire for a bipartisan condemnation of the
influence of money on politics, prompted a disapproving response from the
chairman of the commission, William E. Kennard.

In a Dec. 14 letter to McCain, Kennard wrote: "I must respectfully note that it
is highly unusual for the commissioners to be asked to publicly announce their
voting status on a matter that is still pending."

Angela J. Campbell, attorney for opponents of the sale, charged in an interview
with The Washington Post that McCain's letter was a "heavy-handed" and improper
use of his influence to force action.

As chairman of the Commerce Committee, McCain has often feuded with the agency.
In response to Boston Globe report about his Paxson ties, McCain on Wednesday
called the FCC "the least efficient, most bureaucratic, least responsive
bureaucracy" in the capital. His letter, McCain said, carefully steered clear of
urging approval of the Paxson deal.

The five-member FCC approved the sale to Paxson shortly after the exchange of
letters.

Aides said McCain had sent at least 15 letters on such matters to the FCC during
his three years as chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, which oversees the
FCC. McCain said he stepped in on the Paxson matter last month because the
company's request had languished for two years.

The Boston Globe, which first reported on McCain's relationship with Paxson,
noted, however, that the swing vote in the commission's 3-2 decision in favor of
Paxson was made by a Democrat appointed by President Bill Clinton whose
nomination is still pending before McCain's committee.

Campaigning Wednesday in Iowa, Texas Gov. George W. Bush, the front-runner for
the GOP presidential nomination, told reporters that he could not comment on the
Paxson matter until he knew more about it. But he added, "I think it's really
important for people who advocate reform to live to the spirit of the reform."


LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo headshot - (John) McCain
 Defend's actions

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    November 10, 1995, Friday, METRO EDITION

Etheridge talks about stardom and the Boss

BYLINE: by Peter Howell Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 698 words


   Anyone can tell Melissa Etheridge is a star, even though she doesn't dress up
fancy.

The queen of blue collar rock 'n' roll packs out concert halls, and the
Horseshoe Tavern was rocking last night for her "secret" club gig.

She also sells a lot of albums, hangs out with rock's royalty and sparks gossip
about her interest in the other kind of royalty, in particular her fondness for
Princess Diana.

But the surefire clue of the star power of the 34-year-old Kansas rocker is that
her work is now being reviewed by other celebrities.

The current issue of the gay monthly Advocate has an assessment of Etheridge's
new album, Your Little Secret, written by none other than Chastity Bono, the
offspring of Sonny and Cher.

Bono, who has her own rock band, argues the new album should be measured in
terms of Bruce Springsteen, Etheridge's major musical influence: "If Yes I Am
(her previous album) was Etheridge's equivalent to Springsteen's Born To Run,
then Your Little Secret may just be her Born In The USA."

She agreed that Your Little Secret, to be released Nov. 15, is as much an
"outing" of her Springsteen influences as 1994's Yes I Am was confirmation that
she is a lesbian.

The new album has many sonic and lyrical suggestions of the Boss, with lines
like these from "Nowhere To Go" - "Just my jeans and my T-shirt and a blue
Chevrolet/It's Saturday night, feels like everything's wrong."

"Bruce has been such an influence, and maybe before I wouldn't have wanted to
sound like Bruce Springsteen," Etheridge said, as she prepared for last night's
invite-only Horseshoe gig to showcase the new album.

"But with this album I finally said, 'You know what? He has been an influence.'
I don't think there's anything wrong in taking a step, embracing my midwestern
life and culture and writing from that haunting, lonely tumbleweed of a place
inside of me, about my hometown, and writing Springsteen-esque."

Springsteen has shown as much interest in Etheridge lately as she has in him. He
teamed with her on his "Thunder Road" during an MTV special and also performed
with her and Chuck Berry on the latter's "Rock And Roll Music," at the opening
concert in September of Cleveland's Rock And Roll Hall of Fame.

In one sense, Springsteen is passing the torch to Etheridge, in an era when the
real heart-and-soul rockers aren't men, but women such as herself, Chrissie
Hynde, Alanis Morissette and newcomer Joan Osborne.

Ten years ago, Springsteen was the road warrior. Today, it's Etheridge, who is
planning a Canadian tour next March or April, after she fulfils European tour
obligations and an Australian trek with the Eagles.

And women are responding to her in shows with the same hooting and fist-pumping
men have always exhibited for their male rock heroes.

"There's something about seeing the women, their fists in the air, singing the
lyrics and just being transported and justified," Etheridge said.

"But part of my challenge is to get their boyfriends to stand up and rock, too.
You can tell a lot of the guys are there because the women brought them there.
On the last tour, I did AC/DC's "You Shook Me All Night Long," and I threw it in
between "Bring Me Some Water" and "I'm The Only One," and every guy in the place
would stand up and go, 'Yeah! I know that!'

"They'd rock to that, and I'd have them the rest of the night."

One difference between Etheridge and Springsteen is the amount of gossip she
seems to attract. A European lesbian magazine wrote about her long-time crush on
Princess Di, which Etheridge didn't attempt to deny yesterday.

"Now she looks so weathered and beaten down, but I just always admire her," she
said.

There's no love problems at all between Etheridge and her mate, film director
Julie Cypher. The two just celebrated their seventh anniversary, and the buzz in
the Melissa Etheridge fan folder in America Online is that they want to have a
baby together, as soon as Etheridge finishes touring this year.

"Any plans Julie and I have of having a family is something that I'm going to
try and keep as private as I can," Etheridge said, somewhat taken aback.

Consider it their little secret.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo: (PETER POWER) STAR POWER: Melissa Etheridge's "secret" gig
at the Horseshoe Tavern last night was tight with security and packed with fans
who came to see the queen of blue collar rock'n'roll.

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 28, 1992, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Liberals confer at Jackson's bedside

BYLINE: DeWayne Wickham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 488 words


Last week, a small but influential group of feminists and liberal activists made
their way to the hospital bed of Jesse Jackson.

They were there to complain about Bill Clinton's most recent round of
appointments and to vent their outrage over what they say is the president-
elect's calculated efforts to distance himself from them.

Jackson, who was recovering from a respiratory illness, could do little more
than listen. That's because he, too, was not consulted on any of Clinton's
selections - this despite the massive registration campaign he led that spurred
black voter turnout for Clinton on Election Day.

A day before the hospital meeting, Clinton stood before TV cameras in Little
Rock, berating feminist leaders for pressuring him into appointing more women to
his Cabinet. Calling them ''bean counters,'' he charged they were ''playing
quota and math games'' with his selection process.

His words were a put-down of his feminist detractors, not really a rejection of
quotas.

Throughout his presidential campaign, Clinton said his administration would
reflect America's diversity.

And so far, it does.

But Clinton's accomplishment has won him little praise from liberals and
feminists, whose influence on the party he's trying to diminish.

Despite the large number of women who will hold top jobs in his administration,
neither the National Organization for Women nor the National Political Congress
of Black Women had any real input into their selection. And instead of dealing
with Jackson on black appointments, Clinton used low- level emissaries to float
the names of his black nominees past the Congressional Black Caucus, whose
support he'll need to get his programs through Congress.

This worries Kweisi Mfume, D-Md., who becomes CBC chairman next month. He's
concerned that Clinton's isolation of Jackson may cost Democrats the White House
in 1996. Clinton must reach out to Jackson ''to heal the party's wounds,'' he
says.

If that doesn't happen soon - and if Clinton's economic policies fail to close
the widening gap between the wealth of blacks and whites - he may push Jackson
and his followers into a third-party movement.

In politics, influence and power are synonymous. No one gets the latter without
first possessing the former. This is the juice that motivates political
activists to support a presidential campaign: If their candidate wins, they
expect to share in the power and influence of the office.

The advantage of bypassing Jackson in naming blacks to his administration is
that Clinton is now largely free of his influence. And if Clinton succeeds in
bringing about more than incremental improvement in the black condition, he will
diminish Jackson's political luster.

But the disadvantage is that if he fails, Clinton will have sown the seeds of
his own political destruction - and pushed the standing of Jesse Jackson among
America's disaffected to new heights.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; COMMENT; Hospital meeting explores strategy to gain
influence in Clinton administration; DeWayne Wickham is a columnist for Gannett
News Service and USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Police Log

BYLINE: Brattleboro Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


March 25

Following an investigation, the Windham County Sheriff's Office and the
Southeastern Unit for Special Investigation arrested Raymond Powers, 40, of
Vernon, for domestic assault.

March 26

At just past midnight, the Brattleboro Police Department conducted a motor
vehicle stop on Guilford Street. As a result, Eric Lunde, 71, of Brattleboro,
was found to be operating under the influence of alcohol. Lunde was taken into
custody without incident.

At approximately 2:25 a.m., the New Hampshire State Police conducted a motor
vehicle stop on route 9 in Keene, N.H. As a result, Isaiah E. Wade, 18, of
Brattleboro, was taken into custody and cited with driving under the influence
and operating a motor vehicle after license revocation.

March 27

At approximately 45 minutes past midnight, the Brattleboro Police Department
conducted a motor vehicle stop on Putney Road. As a result, Sara M. Parmenter,
28, of Putney, was found to be operating under the influence of alcohol.
Parmenter was taken into custody without incident.

At approximately 9:25 a.m., the Vermont State Police responded to Route 9 and
Hughes road in Marlboro for the report of a two-vehicle crash. Troopers
determined Damien Engelhardt, 27, of Brooklyn, N.Y., lost control of his vehicle
while attempting to negotiate a sharp right-hand curve in the road. Engelhardt's
vehicle struck a guardrail on the right hand side of the road, which caused his
vehicle to bounce into the westbound lane of Route 9, where it collided with a
vehicle being driven by Lancelot Hall, 55, of Boca Raton, Fla. No one involved
in the crash required medical attention. Both vehicles were towed from the
scene.

After responding to a downtown business for a trespassing complaint, the
Brattleboro Police Department cited Leonard Viola, 49, of Brattleboro, with
unlawful trespass.

March 28

As a result of a traffic stop, the Brattleboro Police Department arrested Keith
A. Harvey, 47, of Brattleboro, and cited him with operating a vehicle with a
criminally suspended license.

The Brattleboro Police Department arrested Paul Fournier, 54 of Brattleboro, for
violating his court ordered conditions of release.

The Brattleboro Police Department cited Evan Morgan, 27, Milo Fields, 60, and
Kim Debenedetto-Plum, 18, all of Brattleboro, with unlawful trespass.

The Keene, N.H., Police Department responded to Ash Brook Road for the report of
a panhandler. As a result, Jason R. Burton, 34, of Brattleboro, was taken into
custody on an arrest warrant.

The Keene, N.H., Police Department took into custody Bailey C. Gleason, 19, of
Brattleboro, on an arrest warrant for conduct after an accident.

At approximately 6:40 p.m., the New Hampshire State Police conducted a motor
vehicle stop on Route 123 in Langdon, N.H., took into custody Grant Baker, 38,
of Brattleboro, and cited him with driving a vehicle with a revoked license and
speeding.

March 29

The Brattleboro Police Department located Paul Fournier, 54 of Brattleboro, who
was violating his court ordered conditions of release. He was arrested and held
until deemed sober.

The Brattleboro Police Department is investigating a report of a man threatening
another person with a knife at approximately 6:30 p.m. in the vicinity of Exit 1
and Canal Street. Anyone who might have information is urged to contact the
police at 802-257-7950.

At approximately 8:15 p.m., the Vermont State Police arrested Dakota Thomas, 20,
of Dummerston, and cited him with violating the conditions of his release.

After responding to a vandalism report, the Brattleboro Police Department
arrested Dylan Brooks, 20 of Brattleboro, who was held until deemed sober and
cited with disorderly conduct and unlawful mischief.

Following a traffic stop on Canal Street, the Brattleboro Police Department
arrested Edward Conley, Jr., 41, of Guilford, and cited him with operating a
vehicle with a criminally suspended license.

All persons named in the Police Log are innocent until proven guilty in a court
of law. If you've appeared in the Police Log, and the charges were later dropped
or dismissed, and you would like a follow-up to appear in print, please contact
the Reformer newsroom at 802-254-2311, ext. 215.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    November 10, 1995, Friday, METRO EDITION

Etheridge talks about stardom and the Boss

BYLINE: by Peter Howell Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 698 words


   Anyone can tell Melissa Etheridge is a star, even though she doesn't dress up
fancy.

The queen of blue collar rock 'n' roll packs out concert halls, and the
Horseshoe Tavern was rocking last night for her "secret" club gig.

She also sells a lot of albums, hangs out with rock's royalty and sparks gossip
about her interest in the other kind of royalty, in particular her fondness for
Princess Diana.

But the surefire clue of the star power of the 34-year-old Kansas rocker is that
her work is now being reviewed by other celebrities.

The current issue of the gay monthly Advocate has an assessment of Etheridge's
new album, Your Little Secret, written by none other than Chastity Bono, the
offspring of Sonny and Cher.

Bono, who has her own rock band, argues the new album should be measured in
terms of Bruce Springsteen, Etheridge's major musical influence: "If Yes I Am
(her previous album) was Etheridge's equivalent to Springsteen's Born To Run,
then Your Little Secret may just be her Born In The USA."

She agreed that Your Little Secret, to be released Nov. 15, is as much an
"outing" of her Springsteen influences as 1994's Yes I Am was confirmation that
she is a lesbian.

The new album has many sonic and lyrical suggestions of the Boss, with lines
like these from "Nowhere To Go" - "Just my jeans and my T-shirt and a blue
Chevrolet/It's Saturday night, feels like everything's wrong."

"Bruce has been such an influence, and maybe before I wouldn't have wanted to
sound like Bruce Springsteen," Etheridge said, as she prepared for last night's
invite-only Horseshoe gig to showcase the new album.

"But with this album I finally said, 'You know what? He has been an influence.'
I don't think there's anything wrong in taking a step, embracing my midwestern
life and culture and writing from that haunting, lonely tumbleweed of a place
inside of me, about my hometown, and writing Springsteen-esque."

Springsteen has shown as much interest in Etheridge lately as she has in him. He
teamed with her on his "Thunder Road" during an MTV special and also performed
with her and Chuck Berry on the latter's "Rock And Roll Music," at the opening
concert in September of Cleveland's Rock And Roll Hall of Fame.

In one sense, Springsteen is passing the torch to Etheridge, in an era when the
real heart-and-soul rockers aren't men, but women such as herself, Chrissie
Hynde, Alanis Morissette and newcomer Joan Osborne.

Ten years ago, Springsteen was the road warrior. Today, it's Etheridge, who is
planning a Canadian tour next March or April, after she fulfils European tour
obligations and an Australian trek with the Eagles.

And women are responding to her in shows with the same hooting and fist-pumping
men have always exhibited for their male rock heroes.

"There's something about seeing the women, their fists in the air, singing the
lyrics and just being transported and justified," Etheridge said.

"But part of my challenge is to get their boyfriends to stand up and rock, too.
You can tell a lot of the guys are there because the women brought them there.
On the last tour, I did AC/DC's "You Shook Me All Night Long," and I threw it in
between "Bring Me Some Water" and "I'm The Only One," and every guy in the place
would stand up and go, 'Yeah! I know that!'

"They'd rock to that, and I'd have them the rest of the night."

One difference between Etheridge and Springsteen is the amount of gossip she
seems to attract. A European lesbian magazine wrote about her long-time crush on
Princess Di, which Etheridge didn't attempt to deny yesterday.

"Now she looks so weathered and beaten down, but I just always admire her," she
said.

There's no love problems at all between Etheridge and her mate, film director
Julie Cypher. The two just celebrated their seventh anniversary, and the buzz in
the Melissa Etheridge fan folder in America Online is that they want to have a
baby together, as soon as Etheridge finishes touring this year.

"Any plans Julie and I have of having a family is something that I'm going to
try and keep as private as I can," Etheridge said, somewhat taken aback.

Consider it their little secret.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo: (PETER POWER) STAR POWER: Melissa Etheridge's "secret" gig
at the Horseshoe Tavern last night was tight with security and packed with fans
who came to see the queen of blue collar rock'n'roll.Melissa; Ethridge; music;
age

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
